                          Building a
                          sustainable
                          future.




For personal use only




                        Annual Report 2023
                             Zip Co Limited
                             ACN 139 546 428
                              Level 7, 180 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
                              zip.co/home
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




                                           We have made significant
                                           progress against our updated
                                           strategy to accelerate our




For personal use only
                                           path to group profitability.”




                                  This report is part o f our suite o f
                                  reporting f or the 2023 f inancial year.
                                  You can f ind more in f ormation about
                                  our per f ormance in our Full Year
                                  Results Investor Presentation.
                                                                                                                    About Us﻿
             Annual                                                                                              Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        CONTENTS
                        04   FY23 Highlights               20   Sustainability Report    104 Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                                             Financial Statements
                        06   Chair’s Report                46   Board of Directors
                                                                                         168 Directors’ Declaration
                        08   CEO’s Report                  48   Directors’ Report
                                                                                         169 Independent Auditor’s Report
                        10   Our Strategy                  98   Auditor’s Independence
                                                                                             to the Members
                                                                Declaration
                        12   FY23 Business Review
                                                                                         177 Shareholder Information
                                                           99   Consolidated Financial
                        16   People & Culture
                                                                Statements               182 GRI Content Index
                        18   FY24 Priorities and Outlook
                                                                                         186 Corporate Directory




For personal use only




                                                                                                                      01
                                                           About Us﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




                                  Who we
                                  are & why
                                  we exist.

For personal use only


                                  OUR PURPOSE

                                  Create a world
                                  where people can
                                  live fearlessly today,
                                  knowing they’re in
                                  control of tomorrow.
                                  02
                                                                                                                         ﻿
             Annual                                                                                        Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                                                                OUR MISSION
                                                              To be the first payment
                                                              choice, everywhere
                                                              and every day.


                                                                WHY WE EXIST
                                                              We have the opportunity
                                                              to rebalance the payments




For personal use only
                                                              landscape, putting people,
                                                              not financial institutions,
                                                              in the centre.


                                                                VALUES
                                                              Our values are at the heart
                                                              of our business. They steer
                                                              our actions, shape our
                                                              collaborations and enable
                                                              us to deliver extraordinary
                                                              experiences.



                                                              CUSTOMER FIRST
                                                              Put our customers and merchants at the
                                                              centre o f everything we do.



                                                              OWN IT
                                                              See a problem, own the solution. We make
                        We unite customers and                decisions and commit, aligning our work to
                        merchants through simple, f air and   Zip’s highest priorities.
                        transparent products and services.
                        We give people the knowledge,
                        access and ability to control their   CHANGE THE GAME
                        f inancial lives because i f people
                        are in control o f tomorrow, they     Cross new boundaries. Experiment,
                        can live f earlessly today.           ship, iterate and repeat to reach the best
                                                              outcome f or everyone.
                        That belie f extends to our own
                        people. We give Zipsters the
                        access and support they need to
                                                              STRONGER TOGETHER
                        be f earless. When Zipsters act
                        boldly they create a better world     Think ‘we’ not ‘me’. We collaborate
                        f or themselves, our customers,       across Zip to bridge divides and achieve
                        merchants and communities.            common goals.




                                                                                                               03
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




                             FY23
                             delivered
                             topline

For personal use only
                             growth &
                             improved
                             margins.
                                  $250.6m
                                  Cash Gross Prof it up 20.4%



                                  2.8%
                                  Cash Net Transaction Margin (NTM) up 30bps




                                  ($48.2m)
                                  Group cash EBTDA up $103.2 million


                                  04
                                                                                                                    FY23 Highlights﻿
             Annual                                                                                                    Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                                                                                FY23 SNAPSHOT


                                                                                $8.9b
                                                                                Total transaction volumes (TTV) up 7.0%



                                                                                $693.2m
                                                                                Revenue up 16.1%



                                                                                72.3k



For personal use only
                                                                                Merchants up 11.2%



                                                                                6.2m
                                                                                Active customers down 3.5%



                                                                                7.8%
                                                                                Revenue Margin up 60bps




                        FY23 OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS

                        REVISED STRATEGY                     GROWTH IN                           BALANCE SHEET
                        TO ACCELERATE                        CORE MARKETS                        STRENGTHENING
                        GROUP PATH TO
                                                             Zip’s di ff erentiated business     Zip remains well f unded
                        PROFITABILITY
                                                             model delivered improvements        with su ff icient available cash
                        In response to market                to its unit economics, with         and liquidity to support the
                        conditions, we reset our             revenue margin o f 7.8% up          execution o f strategic priorities
                        strategic pillars and shi f ted      60 basis points and NTM             and growth initiatives, to deliver
                        our f ocus to drive sustainable      o f 2.8% up 30 basis points –       on positive Group cash EBTDA
                        growth in core markets,              a strong result in a rising         during 1H FY24. Zip restructured
                        improve unit economics               interest rate environment.          its balance sheet, taking
                        and reduce costs. We have                                                actions to substantially reduce
                                                             We success f ully streamlined
                        made signi f icant progress                                              the outstanding f ace value
                                                             our operations and reduced
                        against this updated                                                     o f its convertible notes.
                                                             our cost base. Zip US and NZ
                        strategy, accelerating
                                                             achieved positive cash EBTDA
                        our path to group pro f itability.
                                                             on a monthly basis at the end
                                                             o f FY23, joining the AU business
                                                             which has been consistently
                                                             positive cash EBTDA f or the
                                                             past f ive years.




                                                                                                                            05
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  CHAIR’S REPORT


                              A year of simplification
                              and focusing on core
                              business.




For personal use only
                                  DEAR SHAREHOLDER,                                     These actions involved the additional issuance
                                                                                        o f shares, and your Board acknowledges the
                                  There’s no question that Zip has taken
                                                                                        potential f or shareholder dilution. The signi f icant
                                  signi f icant steps f orward as an organisation in
                                                                                        changes, however, meaning f ully reduces the
                                  FY23. While remaining f aced with an uncertain
                                                                                        outstanding f ace value o f the notes. This exercise
                                  global economy, Zip delivered strong growth
                                                                                        was the right path f orward to strengthen the
                                  in core markets, demonstrating the resilience
                                                                                        balance sheet, providing a plat f orm f or f uture
                                  o f our business model. Zip’s management
                                                                                        pro f itable growth and was delivered with a nil
                                  team has executed a strategic pivot through
                                                                                        cash impact to the Company.
                                  this challenging environment. Your Board
                                  congratulates them on their decisive action.          In Australia, Treasury’s recent recommendations to
                                                                                        regulate BNPL are welcomed. The recommendations
                                  A little over a year ago, Zip announced to
                                                                                        create a pathway to providing clarity and
                                  the market that, in light o f changing market
                                                                                        consistency across the sector. This has been
                                  conditions, the Company’s strategy would be
                                                                                        a signi f icant advocacy area f or your Company,
                                  recalibrated to f ocus on the core markets o f
                                                                                        re f lecting the business practices and principles
                                  ANZ and Americas, with a clear aim to accelerate
                                                                                        that have underpinned Zip’s operations since
                                  the path to achieving positive group cash f low.
                                                                                        inception. Zip has engaged with government,
                                  In line with this adjusted strategy, management
                                                                                        industry and other stakeholders throughout this
                                  undertook a strategic review, and took decisive
                                                                                        process and will continue to do so in line with its
                                  action; non-core markets and products were
                                                                                        commitment to bringing f air and transparent
                                  exited, streamlining operations, improving
                                                                                        credit products to customers.
                                  e ff iciency and reducing cash burn. Proactive
                                  credit loss management strategies were                In the US, the past 12 months has seen a reset
                                  implemented to reduce balance sheet risks and         o f expectations and an alignment o f operations
                                  improve f inancial per f ormance. These activities    with Zip’s culture, making us a more integrated
                                  have laid the f oundation f or Zip going into FY24.   Company. I want to thank Zip’s co-f ounder Larry
                                  Zip is now a leaner and stronger business,            Diamond f or relocating to the US. He has revised
                                  operating in the core markets o f ANZ and             the US strategy in line with the current operating
                                  Americas. Positive Group cash EBTDA is                environment and with a strong focus on improving
                                  anticipated during 1H FY24.                           the product and customer experience. This has
                                                                                        been instrumental in driving the US business
                                  Improving Zip’s balance sheet position has been
                                                                                        f orward, including achieving cash EBTDA
                                  a critical area o f f ocus. FY23 saw Zip launch
                                                                                        pro f itability as we exited FY23. Zip remains
                                  two success f ul liability management exercises
                                                                                        committed to providing credit to those without
                                  to signi f icantly reduce our convertible note
                                                                                        established relationships with traditional banks
                                  liabilities. Through a combination o f liability
                                                                                        and remains of the view that there is an enormous
                                  management initiatives in December 2022 and
                                                                                        opportunity in the US market. BNPL penetration
                                  June 2023, liabilities were reduced, and in July
                                                                                        still is under 2% o f total payments penetration.
                                  2023 the terms and conditions o f the remaining
                                  existing notes were amended. The support o f          Following a comprehensive review o f our risk
                                  noteholders and shareholders is very much             management framework in FY22, as a Company we
                                  appreciated. This complex undertaking was             continued to strengthen our risk management
                                  a signi f icant event f or the Company and has        practices. We have matured in our approach to risk
                                  materially strengthened the balance sheet.            identi f ication and monitoring and strengthened
                                                                                        our compliance f rameworks.




                                  06
                                                                                                                        Chair’s Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                       Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only
                        We also continued the improvement o f our cyber         at Telstra, Scentre Group and as CEO o f Barclays
                        de f ence through our Cyber Security Council, and       ANZ. Cynthia has made a significant positive impact
                        f urther regulatory and compliance training             since joining us. To drive per f ormance in our core
                        remains an area o f f ocus f or the Board. Regular      markets, Zip’s co-f ounders Larry Diamond and
                        Board workshops are conducted to address the            Peter Gray have assumed the roles o f CEO US and
                        most critical challenges we f ace as a Company          CEO ANZ respectively. These leadership changes
                        and the Board is actively implementing measures         see the f ounders connected to the business as
                        to protect the Company and enhance Zip’s                drivers o f per f ormance, product innovation, and
                        overall risk management posture.                        culture in the two core markets. I would also like
                                                                                to thank Martin Brooke f or his almost seven years
                        Zip’s commitment to sustainability remains
                                                                                as CFO o f Zip and welcome Gordon Bell who was
                        strong – championing responsible lending
                                                                                appointed CFO in September 2023.
                        practices and evolving ways to improve customer
                        f inancial literacy and protect customer data.          Thank you to all shareholders f or your ongoing
                        We have a group strategy f or diversity, equity         support and trust. The great majority o f
                        and inclusion in place, including measurable            shareholders have remained stead f ast and
                        objectives f or gender diversity o f 40% women,         appreciate the work Zip has completed over
                        40% men, 20% any gender across all levels by FY26.      the year. As Zip continues on the path to
                        Greenhouse gas emissions are also measured              pro f itability, our vision remains clear along with
                        to allow us to o ff set our carbon f ootprint. The      the responsibility to deliver sustainable value to
                        Sustainability Report (contained in this report)        our shareholders, customers and merchants.
                        highlights the progress your Company has made.

                        Zip welcomed Meredith Scott to the Board at
                        the start o f FY23. She has already shown her
                        considerable experience as Chair o f the Audit
                                                                                Diane Smith-Gander, AO
                        and Risk Committee. Zip acknowledges the value
                                                                                Chair
                        o f diverse perspectives and intends to expand
                        the independence o f the Board in line with
                        growth in our core markets.

                        Our success in executing against strategic priorities
                        has been, and will continue to be, driven by a
                        dedicated team o f Zipsters. The team has aligned
                        behind the revised strategy and remained focused
                        on the exercise to reset the business. These efforts
                        have enabled Zip to deliver strong results and
                        clear progress against near and medium-term
                        targets despite a challenging economic climate.

                        In August 2023, ANZ CEO Cynthia Scott became
                        Group CEO, overseeing the Group’s operations
                        and strategy. Cynthia joined Zip in November
                        2021, bringing signi f icant expertise in f inance,
                        corporate strategy, capital markets and
                        innovation f rom her time in senior executive roles




                                                                                                                               07
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  CEO’S REPORT


                              Continued growth from
                              responsible lending and
                              financial empowerment.




For personal use only
                                  DEAR SHAREHOLDER,                                   As we continue to consolidate and strengthen
                                                                                      our position as a leaner and simpler business,
                                  Zip was f ounded 10 years ago to create a
                                                                                      our emphasis remains on delivering superior
                                  more f inancially f earless world and we remain
                                                                                      outcomes to our customers and merchants in
                                  committed to our mission to be the f irst payment
                                                                                      our core markets, aligned to our overarching
                                  choice, everywhere and every day. Zip’s core
                                                                                      goal o f sustainable and pro f itable growth.
                                  principles o f responsible lending, f inancial
                                  empowerment and innovation are what f irst          During FY23, Zip made signi f icant progress on
                                  attracted me to the company two years ago           its revised strategy and delivered a strong result.
                                  and I am honoured to have recently been             As we celebrate our 10th birthday this year, we
                                  appointed as Group CEO.                             know that our products continue to resonate as
                                                                                      important budgeting tools f or customers and
                                  Just over 12 months ago, Zip took swi f t action
                                                                                      deliver signi f icant bene f its to our merchant
                                  in response to challenging and rapidly evolving
                                                                                      partners. In the current economic climate, with
                                  market conditions. We adjusted our Company
                                                                                      in f lationary and cost o f living pressures, our
                                  strategy to f ocus on accelerating group
                                                                                      products have even greater relevance. We help
                                  pro f itability and consolidating our f ootprint
                                                                                      customers budget and manage their spending
                                  to two core markets – ANZ and Americas.
                                                                                      responsibly, catering to both discretionary
                                                                                      and everyday expenses, online and in-store.
                                                                                      By o ff ering payment f lexibility and accessibility,
                                                                                      we empower customers to manage their finances
                                                                                      and f eel in control o f their f inancial f uture.

                                                                                      We also assist our merchants to f ocus on their
                                                                                      customers and grow their business through
                                                                                      new customer re f errals, increased basket size,
                                                                                      increased transaction velocity and higher
                                                                                      customer satis f action and retention. During 2023,
                                                                                      we continued our leading position in the travel
                                                                                      vertical in Australia, adding Uber, Jetstar and
                                                                                      Webjet to the plat f orm, as well as eBay AU and
                                                                                      Peloton. In the US, we welcomed a variety o f
                                                                                      merchants partners including Barnes & Noble
                                                                                      College, Fevo, WHP Global and Hanesbrands.

                                                                                      Since inception, Zip has held an Australian Credit
                                                                                      Licence and built the business on the principles
                                                                                      o f responsible lending and strong consumer
                                                                                      sa f eguards. As early as 2019, we advocated f or
                                                                                      f it-f or-purpose regulation and actively engaged
                                                                                      with regulators, consumer advocates and
                                                                                      government to ensure the best possible sector
                                                                                      outcomes. Zip welcomed the decision by the
                                                                                      Federal Government to endorse Option 2 o f
                                                                                      the BNPL regulatory options proposed by the
                                                                                      Australian Treasury.




                                  08
                                                                                                                       CEO’s Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                     Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only
                        Option 2 was the option Zip recommended and            We are proud o f what we have built, and we are
                        is aligned to our existing values and business         excited about the opportunities that lie ahead.
                        practices. Having regulatory clarity will help
                                                                               We continue to adapt our product o ff erings to
                        support minimum standards and consistency
                                                                               meet our customers’ evolving credit needs while
                        across the sector and will deliver better
                                                                               maintaining sustainable margins f or Zip. We are
                        experiences f or customers.
                                                                               proud o f what we have built, and we are excited
                        In the US, we are well positioned f or regulatory      about the opportunities that lie ahead.
                        change. We have a partnership with WebBank,
                                                                               Our strategy, culture, and talented team o f
                        which allows Zip to provide access to credit in
                                                                               Zipsters position us to serve our merchants and
                        45 states, and we have additional state licences
                                                                               customers exceptionally well. I am continually
                        beyond this. Doing the right thing by the customer
                                                                               inspired by our loyal and f earless Zipsters,
                        is core to our DNA, and we will continue to
                                                                               who live our values and play a vital role in our
                        work with our partners, regulators and other
                                                                               success. Their commitment, con f idence, and
                        stakeholders as the regulatory environment in
                                                                               innovative contributions deserve recognition.
                        the US evolves.
                                                                               They have navigated the last year with energy,
                        While the macro environment remained                   resilience and great care f or our customers
                        uncertain in FY23, we have a strong f oundation        and merchants.
                        in place f or pro f itable growth in FY24. We took
                                                                               In September 2023, Zip appointed Gordon Bell
                        actions to exit non-core operations, improve
                                                                               as Group CFO and I look f orward to working with
                        margins, lower our cost base and reduce
                                                                               an executive o f Gordon’s calibre and experience.
                        our convertible notes outstanding f ace value
                                                                               I would also like to thank Martin Brooke f or the
                        by $312.2 million which included a consent
                                                                               many years o f service he has given Zip and
                        solicitation process that completed in July 2023.
                                                                               his signi f icant contribution to the Company.
                        We have accomplished a great deal as a team
                                                                               Our leadership team remains f irmly f ocused on
                        and are on track to achieve positive Group cash
                                                                               delivering our strategic objectives. The per formance
                        EBTDA during 1H FY24. As we move f orward, our
                                                                               we have delivered in FY23 demonstrates what
                        goal remains unchanged – democratising access
                                                                               we can achieve with f ocus, commitment and
                        to f air, a ff ordable and responsible credit to the
                                                                               a passion f or our core values. I look f orward to
                        wider community. With strong f oundations f or
                                                                               continuing our momentum into FY24.
                        f uture growth, we are well-positioned to expand
                        and diversi f y the f inancial services we o ff er
                        customers in the next decade.

                        In Australia, we look forward to growing our product
                        o ff ering with innovative and di ff erentiated
                        f inancial services to deliver the best outcomes for
                        both new and existing customers. In the US, the        Cynthia Scott
                        introduction o f the Zip physical card has been a
                                                                               Group CEO and Managing Director
                        signi f icant milestone with return-to-store driving
                        incremental customer engagement and accounting
                        f or approximately 30% o f instore volumes.
                        We continue to adapt our product o ff erings
                        to meet our customers’ evolving credit needs
                        while maintaining sustainable margins f or Zip.




                                                                                                                             09
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




                              Our
                              Strategy

For personal use only
                                  We remain dedicated to
                                  customer-first products
                                  and striving to create
                                  better credit solutions that
                                  align with our purpose of
                                  creating simple, fair and
                                  transparent products that
                                  can be used everywhere
                                  and every day. During FY23,
                                  we continued to focus on
                                  our strategic objectives
                                  of Growth in Core Markets,
                                  Improve Unit Economics,
                                  and Reduce the Cost Base.


                                  10
                                                           Our Strategy﻿
             Annual                                         Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        GROWTH IN
                        CORE MARKETS
                          In FY23, we delivered sustainable
                          growth in our core markets, forged
                          new enterprise merchant partnerships,
                          expanded into new verticals, and
                          increased customer engagement.




For personal use only
                        IMPROVE UNIT
                         ECONOMICS
                          We have enhanced unit economics by
                          improving revenue margins, delivering
                          strong credit outcomes and maintaining
                          discipline on data and processing costs.
                          These exercises have led to an improved
                          net transaction margin despite the rising
                          interest rate environment.




                        REDUCE THE
                        COST BASE
                          We have successfully exited non-core
                          markets and streamlined our operations
                          and personnel to achieve significant
                          cost reductions. We also executed
                          two significant liability management
                          exercises to reduce our convertible
                          note liabilities and strengthen our
                          balance sheet. Our activities in FY23
                          have set us on track to deliver positive
                          Group cash EBTDA during 1H FY24.


                                                                   11
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  FY23 BUSINESS REVIEW


                                  Successfully reset
                                  the foundations
                                  of our business for
                                  future growth.




For personal use only
                                  We have made significant
                                  progress in executing against
                                  our three strategic priorities:
                                  Growth in Core Markets,
                                  Improve Unit Economics, and
                                  Reduce the Cost Base. In FY23,
                                  we have successfully reset the
                                  foundations of our business
                                  to position ourselves for
                                  further growth in FY24,
                                  despite the evolving external
                                  operating environment.
                                  Our competitive advantage stems f rom the
                                  strength o f our customer base, merchant
                                  partnerships, innovative products, brand and
                                  technology plat f orm. By f ocusing on our strategic
                                  priorities, Zip US and NZ exited FY23 positive
                                  cash EBTDA on a monthly basis, joining the
                                  Australian business which has been positive
                                  cash EBTDA f or f ive years.




                                  12
                                                                                                             FY23 Business Review﻿
             Annual                                                                                                    Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        GROWTH IN
                        CORE MARKETS

                        CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT                                  MERCHANTS
                        In FY23, we delivered risk adjusted TTV growth       Throughout the year, we have f orged
                        driven by higher margin channels. We have            partnerships with key enterprise merchants
                        observed customers using Zip in more places          such as Asics, eBay AU, Hoyts, Peloton and
                        and f or a wider range o f everyday purchases.       Webjet in ANZ and Barnes & Noble College,
                        Our active users shopped at approximately            Fevo, Hanesbrands, Pet Supermarket and
                        1.5 million locations across ANZ and the Americas.   World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in the US.
                                                                             These partnerships have added and will continue
                        Our products are resonating with our customers
                                                                             to drive substantial value to our port f olio, and
                        with an NPS o f +55 across our core markets




For personal use only
                                                                             these relationships are a testament to the
                        and we have seen high customer engagement
                                                                             strength o f our brand. It rein f orces our value
                        and repeat usage f rom the Zip card, which is
                                                                             proposition and demonstrates our ability to
                        well-positioned to drive f urther growth f rom the
                                                                             secure high-pro f ile partnerships.
                        instore opportunity in the US. The Zip Card is
                        scaling well with approximately 400 thousand         In Australia, we have gained a signi f icant f oothold
                        cards issued, and continues to deliver strong        in the Travel vertical capitalising on the industry’s
                        customer engagement. Increased usage o f             recovery. In addition, merchants increasingly
                        our products in response to the challenging          recognise the value o f our plat f orm and are
                        economy re f lects our customers’ trust in our       actively seeking to join us, contributing to
                        plat f orm, enabling them to e ff ectively manage    new customer acquisition and engagement.
                        their expenses and budgets with f inancial           Our ‘regulatory ready’ products are already
                        f earlessness and control.                           compliant with upcoming regulations, providing
                                                                             com f ort and security f or merchants seeking
                                                                             a responsible and sustainable consumer
                                                                             f inance partner.




                        Partnering with Zip for a no                         Michael Hill have been partnering
                        deposit, interest free finance                       with Zip through the Zip Pay and Zip
                        option helps our customers to                        Money products to our customers
                        get Thermomix® or a Kobold into                      for over 5 years. Zip have played
                                                                             a key role in supporting our sales
                        their homes sooner. Zip allows
                                                                             growth by providing unique and
                        for flexibility in managing
                                                                             competitive financing offerings
                        repayments over convenient
                                                                             with a convenient process for our
                        instalments that work for our                        customers. We’re looking forward
                        customer and their lifestyle.                        to Zip backing our customers as we
                        The customer finance application                     seek to expand both transaction
                        process is straight- forward, and                    volumes and values over the
                        their team are on hand to manage                     coming years.”
                        any customer queries directly.                       – Joel Watson, Deputy CFO, Michael Hill
                        Zip’s payment platform was
                        also simple for our business to
                        integrate into our e-commerce
                        platform, allowing for a seamless
                        transaction experience.”
                        – Grace Mazur, Managing Director, Thermomix ®




                                                                                                                             13
                                                                                                                        FY23 Business Review﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




For personal use only
                                  IMPROVE UNIT
                                   ECONOMICS

                                  NET TRANSACTION                                       CREDIT PERFORMANCE
                                  MARGIN IMPROVEMENT                                    The external operating environment,
                                  We have improved unit economics by growing            characterised by increasing interest rates and
                                  revenue margins, delivering strong credit             in f lation, has added pressure on consumers.
                                  outcomes and maintaining discipline on data           To manage this, we have proactively adjusted
                                  and processing costs. Revenue margin                  our risk settings and delivered an improvement
                                  expansion to 7.8% has bene f ited f rom repricing,    in credit losses o f 70 basis points at 2.0% o f TTV,
                                  demonstrating the bene f its o f our two-sided        in line with our group target.
                                  revenue model and the value o f our product
                                                                                        US credit per formance has been particularly strong,
                                  o ff ering in a rising cost o f living environment.
                                                                                        while customer growth remained tempered by
                                  Despite external challenges o f rising costs and
                                                                                        internal risk settings to deliver these outcomes.
                                  interest rates, our ongoing f ocus on both
                                                                                        We successfully grew TTV from existing customers
                                  processing costs and credit risk management
                                                                                        in higher margin channels such as the app and
                                  has positively contributed to our net transaction
                                                                                        physical card, providing a solid plat form for
                                  margin o f 2.8%, an improvement o f 30 basis
                                                                                        accelerated and profitable growth in FY24.
                                  points versus FY22.
                                                                                        In Australia, in line with seasonality and a
                                                                                        so f tening in the consumer environment, we




                                  7.8%
                                                                                        experienced a slight uptick in arrears in the
                                                                                        second hal f o f FY23. Consequently, we f urther
                                                                                        adjusted our lending criteria and risk settings
                                                                                        f or the existing port f olio and these changes
                                                                                        have moderated top-line growth.
                                  Revenue margin expansion




                                  14
                                                                                                                   FY23 Business Review﻿﻿
             Annual                                                                                                          Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                                                                                  2.8%
                                                                                  Cash Net Transaction margin




                                                                                  ($48.2m)
                                                                                  Group cash EBTDA up $103.2 million




For personal use only
                        REDUCE THE
                        COST BASE


                        EXITING NON-CORE MARKETS                                  BALANCE SHEET MANAGEMENT
                        While we continue to see increased demand                 In FY23 we took strategic actions to manage
                        globally f or our products f rom both customers           our balance sheet liabilities and reduce our
                        and merchants, we made the decision to allocate           convertible note liabilities by $312.2 million.
                        resources to areas o f our business that are              In December 2022, we executed an incentivised
                        already pro f itable or have a near and clear path        conversion o ff ering that resulted in a reduction
                        to pro f itability. This resulted in our strategic        o f $70.0 million in the value o f Senior Convertible
                        decisions to exit non-core markets. We have               Notes. In June 2023, Zip launched another liability
                        reduced our geographic f ootprint to f our core           management exercise that allowed us to f urther
                        markets and exited SME lending to f ocus on               reduce the outstanding f ace value. This o ff ering
                        consumer lending products only. Concentrating             comprised an additional incentivised conversion
                        on our core products and core markets o f the             exercise in June 2023 and a consent solicitation
                        US, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand led to             process to amend the terms and conditions o f
                        immediate cost reductions and simpli f ied our            the remaining notes which completed in July
                        business model, accelerating our path                     2023. The incentivised conversion included a
                        to pro f itability.                                       cash payment that was f ully f unded by an equity
                                                                                  raising, allowing Zip to complete the transaction
                                                                                  with no cash impact to the Company.
                        STREAMLINED OPERATIONS
                        In FY23, our primary goals were to streamline             Through the exercise in June and subsequent
                        operations, reduce complexity, and improve                completion o f the consent solicitation process
                        e ff iciency. We renegotiated supplier contracts          in July, we success f ully retired a signi f icant
                        and reviewed our commercial arrangements                  portion o f our convertible note liabilities at an
                        across all areas o f the business. Alongside              e ff ective rate o f 47.5 cents in the dollar, reducing
                        exiting non-core markets, we signi f icantly              the notional value o f the convertible note by
                        reduced our global headcount and employee                 $192.2 million to $137.8 million, f undamentally
                        costs, including an exercise to reduce                    resetting and strengthening Zip’s balance
                        approximately 16.1 million o f annualised base            sheet. The success o f the liability management
                        salary costs across the US, ANZ and corporate             exercises demonstrates strong support f or the
                        divisions in the second hal f o f FY23. These e ff orts   Company and its strategic direction, reduced the
                        resulted in a more e ff icient, disciplined, and          Company’s overall debt position and fundamentally
                        agile organisation, right sizing the Company in           strengthened the balance sheet.
                        preparation f or continued sustainable growth.



                                                                                                                                   15
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  PEOPLE & CULTURE


                              Creating an inclusive,
                              high-performance
                              environment for our
                              Zipsters.




For personal use only
                                  Over the past 12 months, we        With an uncertain external environment
                                                                     a ff ecting operations it has been important
                                  have successfully transitioned     to maintain our culture in the f ace o f change.
                                  from a global to a regional        Our adaptable per f ormance f ramework has
                                                                     allowed us to shi f t strategic priorities and
                                  approach, focusing our efforts     demonstrate our resilience, agility, and ability
                                  on our core markets of ANZ         to navigate external challenges. We have
                                                                     modi f ied our strategies, practices, and
                                  and Americas. We remain            processes to set us up f or continued success
                                  committed to providing an          as we deliver on Zip’s revised strategy.

                                  environment for Zipsters to grow   CAREER DEVELOPMENT
                                  and develop their careers and      We prioritise the promotion and nurturing o f
                                                                     internal talent, creating a culture o f growth
                                  we have made investments           and opportunity. Regular talent reviews allow
                                  in our systems and work            us to assess and develop the capabilities o f our
                                                                     work f orce, enhance our teams, and sustain our
                                  environment to drive ongoing       organisational culture. We strongly believe in
                                  improvements in employee           providing our employees with opportunities f or
                                                                     career growth and multiple career paths within
                                  wellbeing and cultivate            the Company. By emphasising internal talent
                                  an effective per formance          development, and providing them with tools
                                                                     and opportunities, internal promotions f orm
                                  culture. Our employee              the base o f sta ff movement, supported by
                                  engagement score in FY23           quali f ied external hires.

                                  was 78%, demonstrating             In FY23, we continued and enhanced programs
                                                                     such as our leadership essential training and
                                  that our employees remain          a re f reshed manager onBoarding program.
                                  highly engaged.                    We also expanded our per f ormance f ramework
                                                                     to include 360° per f ormance reviews f or all
                                                                     employees. During FY24, we will complement
                                                                     this by launching an internal mentoring program.
                                                                     The introduction o f a balanced scorecard with
                                                                     a weighting f ocused on personal growth and
                                    We prioritise the                development during the annual per f ormance
                                                                     review f ramework during FY23 can be highlighted
                                    nurturing of internal            as a conscious investment in employees’
                                    talent and aim to create         pro f essional growth.

                                    a culture of growth
                                    and opportunity.”

                                  16
                                                                                                                People & Culture﻿
             Annual                                                                                                  Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only
                        Our total rewards f ramework philosophy             FOCUS ON EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE
                        remains consistent and attractive throughout
                                                                            We emphasise a holistic view in measurement
                        the organisation. This includes non-f inancial
                                                                            and reporting to monitor our progress in
                        bene f its such as regular wellbeing and birthday
                                                                            employee engagement, wellbeing and diversity.
                        leave and other f orms o f leave to support
                                                                            We continued our initiatives that contribute to
                        improved mental health and wellbeing. We
                                                                            a f lexible work culture and support employee
                        ensure employees receive f air and equitable
                                                                            wellbeing. These include f amily-f riendly programs
                        remuneration, aiming to attract, motivate, and
                                                                            and policies such as parental leave, miscarriage
                        retain top talent while recognising and valuing
                                                                            and stillbirth bereavement leave, f amily and
                        their contributions.
                                                                            domestic violence leave and an employee
                                                                            wellbeing allowance.
                        DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
                                                                            To continuously improve, measure and understand
                        Zip remains committed to providing a sa f e and
                                                                            employee engagement, we have moved f rom
                        inclusive working environment which enables
                                                                            an annual survey to a more regular listening
                        everyone to thrive, supports wellbeing and
                                                                            cadence across the organisation. Quarterly pulse
                        promotes equity and inclusion. We track
                                                                            surveys provide more comprehensive data to help
                        per f ormance on inclusion through engagement
                                                                            us better understand how we can support our
                        surveys, targeted f ocus groups and quantitative
                                                                            employees’ wellbeing and o ff er opportunities f or
                        and qualitative program f eedback.
                                                                            development. There is a continued effort to build a
                        We seek to build diverse teams and track            better workplace experience and evolve our ways
                        and share our progress against our gender           o f working. Our move to a new, NABERS 6-star
                        balance goals. We actively create and support       energy rating building at 180 George Street,
                        employee resource groups where our people can       Sydney is a signi f icant investment designed to
                        connect and share f eedback to senior leaders.      re f lect our hybrid working practices by f ostering
                        One example is our “Women @ Zip” group which        collaboration to promote the physical aspects o f
                        is f lourishing in ANZ and Americas.                the employee experience.

                        We celebrate diversity through company-wide         Throughout the year, we have invested in
                        events and communications, education and            and implemented numerous technology and
                        through our hiring practices. We acknowledge        process improvements. Upgrades to recruitment
                        moments such as International Women’s Day,          systems and practices, career growth and
                        World Pride, Black History Month, Asian Paci f ic   internal mobility initiatives, and enhanced
                        Islander Desi American (APIDA) month and various    visibility o f overall employee experience now
                        religious and cultural traditions. We partner       power additional organisational e ff iciency and
                        and collaborate with organisations such as          employee satis f action. These improvements
                        The Dream Collective, Women Who Code,               provide leaders with data-driven oversight
                        Girls in Tech and The Pinnacle Foundation to        and contribute to enhanced experiences,
                        e ff ect real social change.                        creating a more engaging and rewarding
                                                                            work environment f or employees.




                                                                                                                           17
                                                                                                                          ﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  FY24 PRIORITIES AND OUTLOOK


                              Continuing our
                              focus on driving
                              profitable growth.
                                  Our successful efforts in consolidation, simplification,
                                  and strengthening the balance sheet have positioned




For personal use only
                                  the Company for the next phase of growth. Our goal
                                  is to achieve sustainable and profitable growth while
                                  optimising capital utilisation, leveraging the strategic
                                  assets of our business, including our customer base
                                  and merchant relationships, credit underwriting
                                  capabilities and approach to responsible lending to
                                  ensure long-term success.

                                  We are on track to achieve positive cash EBTDA as a group during the f irst hal f o f
                                  FY24 and achieve a positive Group cash EBTDA result f or the second hal f o f FY24.
                                  Our strategy in FY24 will be underpinned by three key pillars and regional priorities
                                  f or each o f our ANZ and Americas divisions.




                                  18
                                                    FY24 Priorities and Outlook﻿
             Annual                                                  Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
                        & PROFITABILITY IN
                        CORE MARKETS
                        We will continue our focus on driving
                        profitable growth in our existing products,
                        including a disciplined approach on credit
                        per formance, and delivering on initiatives
                        to further reduce cost of sales.




For personal use only
                        DELIVER INNOVATIVE
                        PRODUCTS TO OUR
                        CUSTOMERS & MERCHANTS
                        We will unlock new customer and
                        market segments with product innovation,
                        new merchant verticals and by providing
                        customers with new ways to pay and
                        budget responsibly.




                        CONTINUE TO STRENGTHEN
                        PLATFORMS & BALANCE
                        SHEET TO SUPPORT SCALE
                        We will continue to invest in our processes,
                        plat forms, and systems to support further
                        scale and deliver operating leverage as
                        we grow. Further strengthening of the
                        balance sheet remains a focus as we
                        continue to diversif y and enhance our
                        sources of funding.




                                                                           19
                        SUSTAINABILITY
                        REPORT




For personal use only
                        Taking
                        action for
                        sustainable
                        growth.
                        20
                                                        Sustainability Report﻿
                                                                 Zip Co Limited




                        SNAPSHOT


                        Increased representation
                        of women in our total
                        work force to



                        44%




For personal use only
                        We remain fully
                        committed to ensuring
                        that Zip operates
                        as a responsible and
                        sustainable business.

                        Our e ff ective management o f environmental,
                        social, and governance issues reduces risk and
                        enhances value f or our shareholders, customers,
                        employees, and communities.

                        In FY21, we conducted a thorough evaluation
                        and identi f ied key environmental, social and
                        governance topics aligned to Global Reporting
                        Initiative (GRI) guidelines. This evaluation involved
                        benchmarking, stakeholder engagement,
                        United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals
                        (UN SDGs) mapping and a materiality analysis.
                        Based on this assessment we developed a
                        materiality matrix that guides our sustainability
                        strategy and approach.

                        Our f ocus areas re f lect the areas material to
                        Zip’s business. These areas represent issues
                        that are both important to Zip’s stakeholders and
                        where we can have impact. These are Financial
                        Wellbeing and Responsible Lending, Cyber
                        Security Resilience, Data Privacy and Financial
                        Crime, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and
                        Employee Wellbeing. In FY23, our sustainability
                        f ramework evolved with a continued f ocus on
                        responsible lending and preventing f inancial
                        crime, and an increased f ocus on developing
                        stronger cyber security resilience.

                        Looking to FY24, we plan to review our materiality
                        matrix to ensure it continues to meet stakeholder
                        and internal expectations. This will enable us to
                        adapt to evolving sustainability-related risks,
                        opportunities, and stakeholder ESG expectations.




                                                                       21
                                                            Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
                                  GOALS (“SDGS”)


                                  We believe
                                  that finance
                                  and technology
                                  will play a key
                                  role in many of




For personal use only
                                  the UN SDGs.
                                  We’re committed
                                  to supporting
                                  the UN SDGs most
                                  relevant to the
                                  work we do.




                                  22
                                                                                                            Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                  Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        The Sustainable Development Goals are outlined below in Table 1.

                        Table 1: Governance metrics


                        FOCUS AREAS/SDGs              GOALS/COMMITMENT                               SDGS

                        GOVERNANCE
                        Governance and                –   Majority o f Independent Directors
                        Risk Management
                                                      –   Eff ective management o f key risks



                        Cyber security,               –   No material disruption to operations
                        data privacy and                  or data loss from cyber security
                        f inancial crime
                                                      –   No reportable incidents concerning




For personal use only
                                                          data privacy

                                                      –   Establish program to combat Financial
                                                          Crime that meets regulatory standards
                                                          and maintains e ff ective controls

                        SOCIAL
                        Diversity, Equity             –   Gender balance measurable objectives
                        and Inclusion                     o f 40% women, 40% men, 20% any
                                                          gender across all levels by FY26


                        Community                     –   Mobilising Zip employees in response
                        Engagement                        to crises

                                                      –   Mobilising customers in response
                                                          to crises by FY24

                                                      –   Commit two days o f paid employee
                                                          time to volunteering per annum

                        Financial Wellbeing           –   Partnering with communities
                        and Responsible                   to promote f inancial wellbeing
                        lending


                        ENVIRONMENTAL
                        Environmental                 –   Climate Neutral accreditation
                        Sustainability
                                                      –   Emissions reduction targets set by FY24

                                                      –   Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                                                          roadmap by FY23




                        GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI)
                        In FY23, we have taken signi f icant steps to         Building on this f oundation, Zip plans to
                        continuously improve our sustainability reporting     conduct its next assessment f ollowing GRI
                        by aligning with the GRI Standards 2021.              guidelines in FY24. Regular assessments,
                        This report incorporates the principal Universal      ensure we enhance our sustainability
                        Standards f rom the GRI Standards and provides        reporting, increase transparency, and improve
                        re f erences to where key standards are covered.      per f ormance in addressing the issues that
                        An overview o f the assessment outcomes can           matter most to our stakeholders and to the
                        be f ound in the appendix.                            overall sustainability o f the organisation.




                                                                                                                           23
                                                                                                                                                                             Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable




For personal use only
                                  Zip Materiality Matrix




                                  Higher >
                                                                                                             Diversity & Inclusion

                                                                                                                                               Hardship & Vulnerable Customers


                                                                                                                                         Women’s Empowerment

                                                                                     Employee Wellness, Health & Safety
                                                                                                                                      Mental Health

                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Capability




                                  I M P O R TA N C E T O S TA K E H O L D E R S
                                                                                                                                                                Data Security & Financial Crime


                                                                                                                Financial Inclusion
                                                                                                                                                                 Small & Local Enterprise


                                                                                      Ethical Products & Retailers
                                                                                                                                                  Social Innovation


                                                                                                                              Climate Change, Carbon & Energy


                                                                                                                                         Disaster Relief


                                                                                                                        Waste & Recycling



                                                                                                                Modern Slavery




                                  Lower




                                                                                  Lower                                S I G N I F I C A N C E O F I M PA C T                                 Higher >




                                  24
                                                                                        Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                              Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        GOVERNANCE


                        Our mission and
                        purpose have never
                        been more relevant.




For personal use only

                        We are committed to             Our governance approach is f ounded on
                                                        accountability, e ff ective delegation, and robust
                        continuously improving our      oversight to f acilitate in f ormed decision-making.
                        governance practices to         The Board’s role is to protect Zip’s interests while
                                                        considering the interests o f shareholders and
                        ensure alignment with the       other stakeholders. By setting our strategic
                        needs of our business and       direction and instilling a per f ormance-driven,
                                                        adaptive, accountable and risk aware culture,
                        stakeholders. The Board,        the Board aims to achieve sustainable growth

                        elected by the shareholders,    outcomes. Great emphasis is placed on creating
                                                        an environment o f strong corporate governance
                        oversees the governance and     f or Zip, its directors, o ff icers, and employees,
                                                        enabling us to serve customers and deliver to
                        per formance of Zip through a   shareholders over the long term.
                        well-established framework.




                                                                                                       25
                                                                                                                                    Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GOVERNANCE




For personal use only
                                  GOVERNANCE METRICS
                                  Sound governance is essential in f ul f illing our             The CEO is responsible f or managing Zip’s
                                  purpose and strategy. The Board comprises f ive                day-to-day a ff airs, with the Executive Leadership
                                  Directors – three independent Non-Executive                    Team’s support, adhering to the strategy,
                                  Directors (including a Non-Executive Chair)                    policies and the risk appetite set by the Board.
                                  and two Executive Directors (the group CEO                     A delegation o f authority f ramework de f ines
                                  and CEO US). Independent, diverse, and skilled                 decision-making and expenditure limits f or
                                  Non-Executive Directors provide clear oversight                various levels o f management, providing clarity
                                  and support sound decision-making by our Board.                to employees on expectations and operating
                                                                                                 procedures. The Board is also responsible f or
                                                                                                 providing an environment where our people
                                                                                                 drive per f ormance and manage risks in the
                                                                                                 best interests o f stakeholders. Our per f ormance
                                                                                                 on key governance metrics is outlined below
                                                                                                 in Table 2.


                                  Table 2: Governance metrics

                                                                                                                                    FY23             FY22
                                   Board Composition (#)
                                   Total Directors:                                                                                    5                5
                                   – Women                                                                                             2                2
                                   – Men                                                                                               3                3
                                   Independent Directors 1                                                                             3                3
                                   Women Directors on Board (%)2                                                                      40               40
                                   Conduct
                                   Whistleblower cases                                                                                  0                1
                                   Cyber Security
                                   Notifiable cyber security incidents                                                                  0               0

                                  1. Meredith Scott was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on the 1st o f September 2022.
                                  2. Subsequent to 30 June 2023, Cynthia Scott was appointed as Group CEO and Managing Director. Cynthia’s appointment
                                     as Chie f Executive O ff icer was e ff ective f rom 10 August 2023 and her appointment as Managing Director f rom
                                     24 August 2023. Larry Diamond was appointed to the role o f CEO US (e ff ective 10 August 2023) and will continue to
                                     serve as an Executive Director. Peter Gray was appointed to the role o f CEO ANZ (e ff ective 10 August 2023) and will
                                     continue to serve the Board as an adviser (e ff ective 24 August 2023). Following these changes, the representation
                                     o f women on the Zip Board increased to 60%.




                                  26
                                                                                                                   Sustainability Report﻿﻿
             Annual                                                                                                         Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        BOARD PRIORITIES DURING FY23
                        The Board continues to respond to changes to             and US businesses, intensive management
                        the broader macroeconomic environment and                o f our credit losses, liability management, right
                        market conditions by re f ocusing the Company’s          sizing our operating expenses whilst retaining
                        strategy on tight capital management securing            key talent, and driving value f or merchants and
                        f unding to support consumer receivables, exiting        consumers. Over the past f inancial year, Board
                        non-core markets, prioritising growth o f the ANZ        priorities included:



                         STRATEGY                            CULTURE                               LEADERSHIP
                         The Board regularly reviews         The Board and Senior                  The Board works through
                         and assesses the e ff ectiveness    Management are responsible            the Executive Team to drive




For personal use only
                         o f Zip’s strategy in the context   f or shaping Zip’s culture to align   per f ormance and governance.
                         o f current and potential f uture   with its purpose and strategy.        Developing and retaining key
                         market conditions. This resulted    Preserving a highly engaged           talent to support strategy
                         in a strategic priority to          culture while reducing                execution is crucial in the
                         f ocus on ANZ and Americas          operating expenses is a key           context o f elevated attrition.
                         to accelerate the group’s           f ocus. The Board monitors            In FY23, the Board re f ocused
                         path to pro f itability in FY24.    culture through people                leadership with dedicated CEOs
                         Consequently, during FY23,          reporting that reviews                f or the US and ANZ to enhance
                         non-core markets were either        employee engagement and               accountability in these markets.
                         wound down or divested.             experience, diversity and
                                                             inclusion, recruitment,
                                                             retention, and compliance.


                         RISK MANAGEMENT                     GOVERNANCE                            PERFORMANCE
                         The Board ensures Zip has           The Board recognises                  The Board closely monitors
                         the capability to manage and        engagement with shareholders          operational per f ormance in
                         mitigate key risks. In FY23, the    and stakeholders ensures              core markets to ensure
                         Company continued to invest in      diverse perspectives. The Board       su ff icient operating capital to
                         resources f or risk management      maintains a strong f ocus on risk     achieve pro f itability. Addressing
                         and reviewed per f ormance          management and f inancial             credit losses, eliminating cash
                         against the risk appetite and       crime programs, alongside             burn in non-core markets, and
                         risk tolerance f ramework.          regular policy reviews,               practicing sound capital and
                         This strengthened the ability       regulatory compliance, and tax        cash f low management, were
                         to oversee, manage and              obligations. During FY23, the         key areas o f f ocus during FY23.
                         mitigate key risks, including       Board welcomed the proposed
                         cyber security breach risks.        regulation o f the BNPL industry
                                                             under the National Credit Act by
                                                             the Australian Treasury.


                         SECURE                              LIABILITY                             CYBER SECURITY
                         FUNDING                             MANAGEMENT                            RESILIENCE
                         The Board tracks changes in         The Board improved the                The Board actively monitors
                         capital markets and f unding        Company’s capital structure           recent market developments,
                         costs in the context o f rising     through a liability management        the cyber security resilience
                         interest rates. In FY23, there      program. In FY23, expert advice       scorecard, and the Company’s
                         was additional attention on         was sought, and two success f ul      plans, to identi f y, protect,
                         treasury as the Board reviewed      liability management exercises        de f end, and detect security
                         alternative f unding sources,       were launched. Whilst one o f         risks. Preparedness to respond
                         including our maturing corporate    these exercises completed in          and recover f rom any threats
                         f acility, and warehousing          FY23, a f urther signi f icant        or incidents is a critical f ocus.
                         f acilities to support              reduction in convertible note
                         consumer receivables.               liabilities as a result o f the
                                                             consent solicitation process,
                                                             will be re f lected in 1H FY24.




                                                                                                                                  27
                                                                                                                     Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GOVERNANCE


                                  BOARD INDEPENDENCE                                    BOARD SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                                  The Board seeks to direct strategy, drive             To ensure the Board’s effectiveness,
                                  accountability, endorse policy, manage risk,          a comprehensive Board Skills Matrix has been
                                  and monitor per f ormance to position the             established, outlining the essential skills and
                                  Company f or sustainable long-term growth.            experience required for both the Board and its
                                  Continuously reviewing the collective skills,         Committees. The Nominations Committee has
                                  knowledge, experience, and diversity is a priority    endorsed the Skills Matrix outlined below in
                                  f or the Board to support ongoing per f ormance       Table 3, which received approval from the Board.
                                  and governance duties. This assessment                Through regular reviews, the Nominations
                                  aims to identi f y the skills, capacity, and market   Committee assesses the experience, independence,
                                  knowledge required to f acilitate our continued       knowledge, balance of skills and diversity of
                                  growth and path to pro f itability.                   Directors, to ensure that the Board collectively
                                                                                        possesses the necessary expertise.
                                  Three o f our Directors are independent.




For personal use only
                                  All Directors are expected to exercise
                                  independent judgement in the best interests o f
                                  all shareholders. All Directors are obligated to
                                  disclose to the Board any potential interests
                                  that could present a con f lict with those o f Zip.




                                       The Board seeks to position the Company
                                       for sustainable long-term growth.”




                                  28
                                                                                                                             Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                                   Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Table 3: Board skills matrix


                          SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE               DESCRIPTION                                                             LEVEL1

                          INDUSTRY
                          Retail and ecommerce                Experience in the retail/ecommerce sectors                              Pro f icient

                          Payments and a ff iliates           Experience in conducting business directly with consumers               Pro f icient

                          Issuing responsible credit          Experience with customer base                                           Practiced

                          Multi-country markets               Experience in conducting business in, and proven knowledge              Practiced
                                                              o f, overseas markets in which the Company operate




For personal use only
                          DIGITAL AND TECHNOLOGY
                          Digital plat f orms                 Experience in the use o f online plat f orms to deliver                 Practiced
                                                              products and services

                          Disruptive technology               Experience in digital technologies, implementing                        Pro f icient
                                                              technology products, leveraging digital technologies
                                                              and digital disruption

                          Online communities                  Experience in leveraging online communities to drive                    Practiced
                                                              business

                          GOVERNANCE, STAKEHOLDERS AND REGULATORY
                          Listed companies                    Experience as a Director on a listed company Board in                   Practiced
                                                              Australia or overseas

                          People and culture                  Experience in building workplace capability, setting a                  Pro f icient
                                                              remuneration f ramework that attracts and retains high
                                                              calibre executives, and promoting diversity and inclusion

                          Health, sa f ety, environment       Experience related to workplace health, sa f ety, environment,          Practiced
                          and sustainability                  and corporate responsibility issues within large businesses

                          Legal, governance and               Ability in, and understanding o f the application o f legal,            Pro f icient
                          compliance                          governance and compliance principles and regulations

                          Risk management and                 Experience in identi f ying, assessing, and managing                    Pro f icient
                          compliance oversight                strategic, operational, and f inancial risks, and monitoring
                                                              compliance management f rameworks and systems

                          LEADERSHIP
                          Executive leadership                Held senior executive position in an organisation o f                   Pro f icient
                                                              signi f icant size or a listed company in Australia or overseas

                          Financial acumen                    Quali f ications or experience in f inancial accounting and             Pro f icient
                                                              reporting, corporate f inance, and internal controls

                          Capital management                  Experience in capital management strategies, including                  Pro f icient
                                                              capital partnerships, debt f inancing and capital raisings

                          Mergers and acquisitions            Experience in corporate transactions and joint ventures                 Pro f icient

                          Strategy                            Experience in developing, implementing, and challenging                 Pro f icient
                                                              a plan o f action to achieve our long-term objectives


                        1. Pro f icient means regarded to have expert or highly quali f ied pro f iciency, knowledge and experience in the
                           subject matter or domain and has been seen to contribute these skills in Board and Committee conversations
                           and critical thinking. Practiced means has developed a sound working knowledge and understanding o f the
                           subject matter through either past executive or management roles, extensive on-the-job application o f skills
                           in Board and Committee activities and/or through training and pro f essional development activities.




                                                                                                                                            29
                                                                                                                                              Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GOVERNANCE


                                  Whenever a need arises, the Nominations                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                  Committee proactively engages in a
                                                                                                                The Board recognises the role it plays in
                                  comprehensive market search utilising both
                                                                                                                meeting the responsibilities and obligations
                                  formal and informal methods, to identify potential
                                                                                                                o f customers, employees, shareholders,
                                  candidates. These candidates are subject to
                                                                                                                and the industry. To enhance the e ff ectiveness
                                  multiple interviews, background and qualification
                                                                                                                o f the Board and ensure an appropriate mix
                                  checks and reference checks. After the
                                                                                                                o f capabilities f or overseeing per f ormance
                                  Nominations Committee finalises a short list of
                                                                                                                and governance, Board composition is
                                  potential candidates, the Board reviews and, if
                                                                                                                continually reviewed.
                                  appropriate, approves the new Board member.
                                                                                                                The Board maintains its focus on risk management,
                                                                                                                increasing investments in resources, policies,
                                                                                                                reporting and compliance in line with an
                                                                                                                independent review undertaken in FY22.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                The governance and per f ormance o f the
                                                                                                                Company is overseen by the Board elected by
                                                                                                                the shareholders. The Board has a f ramework
                                                                                                                in place f or governing Zip. Further detail on
                                                                                                                our corporate governance can be f ound in
                                                                                                                the FY23 Corporate Governance statement.




                                  OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

                                                                                                               Stakeholders




                                                                                                        Zip Co Board




                                  Strategy and risk management                                                                                                   Purpose, behaviours and culture
                                                                 Independent
                                                                 external audit
                                                                  and advice         Audit and Risk       Remuneration, People          Nominations
                                                                                      Committee           and Culture Committee          Committee




                                                                                                                   CEO


                                                                                                        Executive Leadership Team


                                                                                                                Our People



                                                                                                      Policies, systems and processes


                                       Key                            Delegation   Accountability




                                  30
                                                                                Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                      Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        RISK MANAGEMENT
                        Risk management is central to Zip’s operating
                        model and underpins all our activities. The
                        purpose o f risk management is to sa f eguard Zip’s
                        long-term viability, reduce volatility in f inancial
                        per f ormance, strengthen operational resilience
                        and f acilitate in f ormed decision-making. The Risk
                        Management Framework (RMF) complements the
                        business model f ocusing on the identi f ication,
                        assessment, management and monitoring o f
                        the material risks f aced by Zip.

                        The risk governance structure at Zip ensures
                        e ff ective risk oversight through consistent




For personal use only
                        application, management, and reporting.
                        The Board has a delegated Audit and Risk
                        Committee (ARC) to provide support in
                        discharging its responsibilities in reviewing the
                        RMF and overseeing the Risk Appetite and Risk
                        Pro f iles that include key material risks. They also
                        review and monitor the control environment and
                        escalate to the Board where required.

                        During FY23, Zip invested in maintaining and
                        enhancing our risk management practices,
                        with a particular f ocus on the core markets
                        o f ANZ and Americas. Key activities included:

                        –   Continued execution o f improvements
                            recommended by an external independent
                            review o f our risk practices undertaken
                            in FY22.

                        –   Maintained a detailed risk appetite statement
                            with clear risk appetite reporting measures,
                            outlining our tolerance across strategic,
                            f inancial, product, innovation, marketing,
                            operational, cyber security, legal, regulatory,
                            compliance and credit risks.

                        –   Evaluated our risk register and f urther
                            developed our risk matrix, identi f ying key
                            risks, mitigations, and accountability.

                        –   Improved the risk and compliance maturity
                            across the business, including Third-Party
                            Risk Management practices, enhancing our
                            Issues & Events Management Policy, and
                            strengthening regulatory change monitoring.

                        –   Strengthened our Business Continuity
                            and Crisis Management Plans, enhancing
                            our response preparedness and
                            recovery capabilities.

                        –   Strengthened our cyber security resilience
                            plan including the identi f ication o f
                            vulnerabilities, assessment o f our data
                            management li f ecycle, conducted a
                            simulation to assess our response and
                            recovery capability, and extended the
                            external assessment o f the maturity o f
                            our cyber security risk mitigations.




                                                                                                31
                                                                                                                            Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GOVERNANCE


                                  CYBER SECURITY RESILIENCE
                                  The Board prioritises cyber security resilience           and maturity assessments. We also appointed a
                                  to protect our operations and customer data               highly skilled Director o f In f ormation Technology
                                  against rising and dynamic global cyber security          and Security to lead our cyber security resilience
                                  threats. Importantly, there were no noti f iable          program f or our US business. Learning f rom
                                  cyber security events a ff ecting the data privacy        recent cyber breaches in other entities, the
                                  or operations during the year.                            Board conducted a simulation exercise with
                                                                                            the ANZ Management team in 2023. A similar
                                  For the last three years, the Cyber Security Council,
                                                                                            exercise occurred f or the US Management team
                                  chaired by an independent Non-Executive
                                                                                            in early FY24.
                                  Director, has overseen our plan to identi f y,
                                  protect, de f end, detect, respond, and recover           Key developments to improve our cyber
                                  f rom cyber threats and incidents. It met                 security resilience during FY23 are outlined
                                  11 times during FY23 to review our cybersecurity          below in Table 4:




For personal use only
                                  scorecard, roadmap, vulnerabilities, investments,




                                  Table 4: Cyber Security risk mitigations

                                   FOCUSES            KEY ACTIONS

                                   Identif y          Identi f ied cyber threats and sourced intelligence on potential risks, evaluating
                                                      potential vulnerabilities. The Board and Senior Management received brie f ings
                                                      f rom external independent cyber security experts and learned f rom high-pro f ile
                                                      breaches leading to a test o f common vulnerabilities.

                                                      Maintained our cyber security per f ormance reporting scorecard and roadmap
                                                      that prioritises our investments in resilience to mitigate ongoing risks.

                                                      Tracked the internet-f acing systems missing patches, the number o f vulnerabilities
                                                      and the SaaS apps onboarded and in-use that are authenticated.

                                   Protect            Updated our anti Phishing tool and training system, improved compliance
                                                      and monitored click through rates to address vulnerabilities associated with
                                                      stolen credentials.

                                                      Tracked key protection indicators including the workstation patch coverage,
                                                      mobile device management coverage and the Crowdstrike workstation coverage.

                                                      Strengthened the protocols o f our Application Programming Inter f ace (API)
                                                      gateway to better control remote access to our network.

                                                      Strengthened Data Loss Prevention (DLP) controls and tools to reduce likelihood
                                                      and impact o f data loss.

                                                      To f urther our Zero Trust Security strategy, invested in quarterly employee access
                                                      reviews to Zip’s cloud and SaaS applications.

                                   Detection          Tracked key detection indicators including total users with a multi-f actor
                                                      authentication bypass, code leaks and data stored in source control.

                                                      Use best o f breed Security In f ormation and Event Management (SIEM) technology
                                                      to identi f y and alert to, advanced threats to our systems internally and externally.




                                  32
                                                                                                                             Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                                   Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only
                         FOCUSES              KEY ACTIONS

                         Response and         Conducted a simulation, f acilitated by cyber security experts, to test and
                         Recovery             improve response and recovery capabilities, leading to business continuity
                                              plan enhancements.

                                              Tracked key response and recovery indicators including internal incident mean
                                              time to respond, Crowdstrike mean time to response and standard operating
                                              procedures incident response activities.

                         Maturity             Conducted a maturity assessment using the Australian Cyber Security
                         Review               Centre’s (ACSC) ‘Essential Eight’ compliance to assess our maturity and
                                              identi f y opportunities.

                                              Conducted the US National Institute o f Standard and Technology (NIST) risk
                                              assessment o f internal and external vulnerabilities to assess the maturity o f
                                              our ANZ and US plat f orm and identi f y opportunities.

                                              Initiated the program to comply with ANZ ISO 27001 standard f or the implementation
                                              o f enterprise-wide In f ormation Security Management Systems (ISMS).

                         External1            To independently measure cyber security resilience, regular external security
                         Independent          benchmarking was conducted. The Bitsight security rating ended the year at
                         Assessment           770 (ranging f rom 720 to 770 throughout the year) f rom a maximum o f 900 points.
                                              The end o f year rating placed us in the top 10% o f the Financial Services Sector.


                        1. BitSight is a company that provides daily security ratings through an automated service via the Bitsight Security
                           Ratings Plat f orm. The Bitsight plat f orm continuously analyses terabytes o f external data on the security behaviours
                           o f a company to help organisations manage third party risk, f irst party risk, benchmark per f ormance, and assess
                           and negotiate cyber insurance premiums. A Bitsight Security Rating describes a company’s cybersecurity posture,
                           serves as a measure o f their risk, and trans f orms how companies manage security risk by using a data-driven,
                           outside-in approach to rate a company’s security e ff ectiveness. A company’s rating is presented as a number
                           between 250 and 900.




                                                                                                                                            33
                                                                                                                         Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GOVERNANCE


                                  PROTECTION OF CUSTOMER                                  PREVENTION OF FINANCIAL CRIME
                                  DATA PRIVACY                                            Recognising the important role that Zip plays
                                  Earning the trust o f our customers through             in protecting our community, customers, and
                                  the protection o f customer privacy and data            employees, the Board acknowledges the
                                  is a top priority f or us. In the context o f a range   importance o f combating f inancial crime.
                                  o f high-pro f ile customer data breaches in the
                                                                                          We are committed to preventing, detecting,
                                  industry, we protect customer in f ormation
                                                                                          and disrupting f inancial crime by maintaining
                                  through physical security measures, advanced
                                                                                          e ff ective systems, processes, and controls
                                  technology, and secure processes to restrict
                                                                                          to manage f inancial crime risks, including
                                  access and destroy in f ormation no longer
                                                                                          Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism
                                  required, subject to legal obligations.
                                                                                          Financing (AML/CTF), Sanctions and Anti-Bribery
                                  We remain f ully committed to respecting the            & Corruption. In addition, signi f icant investment
                                  privacy o f customer data, as outlined in our           was made in a new f inancial crime plat f orm,




For personal use only
                                  Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect,          upli f ting capability to per f orm screening,
                                  store, use and disclose personal in f ormation          transaction monitoring and customer
                                  and how we comply with privacy laws. In the             due diligence.
                                  event o f a privacy breach, we also have e ff ective
                                                                                          The Board has oversight o f these programs
                                  processes to manage and address these
                                                                                          and receives regular reporting on their
                                  risks promptly, including complying with the
                                                                                          e ff ectiveness. Independent external auditors
                                  Noti f iable Data Breaches scheme. We take
                                                                                          ensure that the programs continue to meet
                                  privacy complaints very seriously, and the
                                                                                          regulatory standards. The Board is f ocused
                                  Privacy Policy, which can be f ound on our
                                                                                          on the continuous improvement o f our control
                                  website, includes detailed in f ormation on
                                                                                          environment to manage the ever-evolving
                                  our data protection practices.
                                                                                          threat o f f inancial crime.




                                                                                              The protection of
                                                                                              customer privacy
                                                                                              and data is a top
                                                                                              priority for us.”




                                  34
                                                                               Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                     Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP


                        We are committed to
                        doing the right thing for
                        our customers, our people,
                        our shareholders, and
                        our community. We issue




For personal use only
                        responsible credit, facilitate
                        digital payments, and
                        create value for merchants
                        and consumers.

                        To ensure ethical conduct and minimum
                        standards of behaviour, our Code of Conduct
                        sets out the way all our people work. It is aligned
                        with our expectations of ethical behaviour and
                        supported by our Anti-Bribery & Corruption
                        policy, reflecting Zip’s strengthened processes
                        and procedures to combat such practices.

                        Each year, our employees undertake compliance
                        training to ensure they understand our regulatory
                        obligations and what this means for their individual
                        role. The Board emphasises adhering to the
                        training program that covers workplace bullying
                        and harassment, IT and security, compliance,
                        privacy awareness, anti-money laundering and
                        counter terrorism financing, anti-bribery and
                        corruption and insider trading. In FY23, we also
                        reviewed and updated our modern slavery
                        statement and our Whistleblower Policy.




                                                                                              35
                                                                                                  Sustainability Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  SOCIAL WELLBEING


                              Building
                              a diverse,
                              equitable
                              and inclusive
                              organisation.




For personal use only
                                  We recognise the impact          Zip remains f ocused on building a diverse,
                                                                   equitable and inclusive organisation and
                                  we have on our customers,        supporting positive community engagement.
                                  employees and communities,       Importantly, we continue to prioritise the f inancial
                                  and the opportunities that       wellbeing o f our customers and upholding the
                                                                   highest standards o f responsible lending.
                                  exist to deliver positive
                                                                   Our measurable objectives are to have 40%
                                  social outcomes for all          women, 40% men and 20% of any gender at
                                  our stakeholders.                our Board, Executive, Director/VP, and Manager
                                                                   cohorts by FY26. Our performance on key
                                                                   social metrics is outlined below in Table 5.




                                        40%                 20%                             40%
                                          Women         Any Gender Identity                      Men




                                  36
                                                                                                                           Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                                 Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only
                        Table 5: Social metrics
                         SOCIAL WELLBEING                FY23                FY22                 COMMENTS

                         Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
                         Board                           40% women/          40% women/           Maintained representation o f women
                                                         60% men1            60% men2
                         Executive                       31% women/          19% women/           Increased representation o f women
                                                         69% men             81% men              by 12%
                         Directors/VPs                   40% women/          34% women/           Increased representation o f women by
                                                         60% men             68% men              6%, achieving our measurable objective
                         Managers                        37% women/          34% women/           Increased representation o f women
                                                         63% men             65% men              by 3%
                         Total Work f orce               44% women/          42% women/           Increased representation o f women
                                                         1% non-binary/      58% men              by 2%
                                                         55% men
                         Gender Pay Equity (ANZ)3        1%                  0% 3                 Continue to investigate and recti f y
                                                                                                  any discrepancies through our f ormal
                         Gender Pay Equity (US) 3        2%                  1%
                                                                                                  remuneration review processes
                         Gender Pay Gap (ANZ) 4          22%                 18% 5                Continue to f ocus on achieving gender
                                                                                                  balance targets in leadership roles
                         Gender Pay Gap (US) 4           14%                 21%


                        1. Subsequent to 30 June 2023, Cynthia Scott was appointed as Group CEO and Managing Director. Cynthia’s appointment
                           as Chie f Executive O ff icer was e ff ective f rom 10 August 2023 and her appointment as Managing Director f rom
                           24 August 2023. Larry Diamond was appointed to the role o f CEO US (e ff ective 10 August 2023) and will continue to
                           serve as an Executive Director. Peter Gray was appointed to the role o f CEO ANZ (e ff ective 10 August 2023) and will
                           continue to serve the Board as an adviser (e ff ective 24 August 2023). Following these changes, the representation
                           o f women on the Zip Board increased to 60%.
                        2. Independent Non-Executive Director Pippa Downes resigned on 22 June 2022. Meredith Scott commenced as a
                           Non-Executive Director on 1 September 2022.
                        3. Gender pay equity is analysed as the gap between men’s and women’s salaries per f orming the same role in the
                           same region.
                        4. Gender pay gap is analysed as the gap between the average men’s and average women’s salaries, regardless of role.
                        5. In FY22, gender pay equity was calculated at a country-level. Figures shown are f or AU, as this was the location
                           o f the majority o f sta ff f or ANZ.




                                                                                                                                          37
                                                                                                                   Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  SOCIAL WELLBEING


                                  DIVERSITY, EQUITY                                  This year we increased f ocus on supporting
                                  & INCLUSION (DEI)                                  the mental health and wellbeing o f our
                                                                                     employees, analysing data to better understand
                                  Zip’s aim is to bring out the best in every
                                                                                     psychosocial hazards and develop associated
                                  employee by enabling them to be their true
                                                                                     risk mitigation strategies. Our ultimate goal is
                                  selves, explore their passions and maintain
                                                                                     to ensure that every employee can thrive and
                                  their wellbeing. Across our business, we
                                                                                     do their best work.
                                  deliver on this in many ways.

                                  We prioritise creating a psychologically sa f e    Progress towards Gender Equity
                                  and inclusive environment. This is supported by
                                                                                     We recognise the importance o f gender
                                  our leaders who role-model behaviours through
                                                                                     equity and balance in creating a more inclusive
                                  training and coaching. We also encourage our
                                                                                     workplace. In FY23, we remained committed
                                  leaders to be courageous and show accountability
                                                                                     to reporting to the Workplace Gender Equality
                                  when they make mistakes. We track per formance




For personal use only
                                                                                     Agency and publishing our DEI measurable
                                  on inclusion through engagement surveys,
                                                                                     objectives on our website. Our f ocus on f airness
                                  targeted f ocus groups and quantitative and
                                                                                     and transparency, includes measuring and
                                  qualitative program f eedback, f or example
                                                                                     reporting key metrics including gender pay
                                  in our Conscious Inclusion training program.
                                                                                     equity, gender pay gaps and any gendered
                                  We share this per f ormance company-wide and
                                                                                     di ff erences in per f ormance ratings, engagement
                                  engage leaders in action-f ocused conversations,
                                                                                     surveys and recruitment processes.
                                  where necessary.
                                                                                     This year, we have improved transparency and
                                  We seek to build diverse teams and track our
                                                                                     accountability by publishing our gender pay
                                  progress against our gender balance goals on
                                                                                     gaps and gender pay equity. We made progress
                                  a quarterly basis and share team-based results
                                                                                     towards our DEI measurable objectives in FY23,
                                  with leaders. We celebrate diversity through
                                                                                     with representation o f women at all leadership
                                  company-wide events and communications,
                                                                                     levels either increased or maintained, including
                                  education and through our hiring practices.
                                                                                     achieving 40% representation o f women at
                                  We acknowledge moments such as International
                                                                                     Director/VP level. We also analysed our gender
                                  Women’s Day, World Pride, Black History
                                                                                     pay equity (di ff erence between men and women
                                  Month, Asian Paci f ic Islander Desi American
                                                                                     who per f orm the same role in the same region),
                                  (APIDA) month and various religious and
                                                                                     and our gender pay gap (the di ff erence between
                                  cultural traditions.
                                                                                     the average men’s salary and average women’s
                                                                                     salary) and we continue to f ocus on closing
                                                                                     these gaps. To close this gap, we continue
                                                                                     to f ocus on supporting gender pay equity
                                                                                     and achieving our measurable objectives f or
                                                                                     gender balance in leadership roles.




                                  38
                                                                                                             Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                   Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        DEI initiatives                                       –   We also renewed our partnership with
                        Our commitment to providing an equitable                  The Pinnacle Foundation, with Zipsters
                        experience f or all employees remains strong.             volunteering and hosted internal events to
                        We empower our employees to f orm special                 celebrate World Pride Month. This included
                        interest and Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)              hosting a panel discussion the f uture
                        and provide them with plat forms to raise awareness       o f LGBTQIA+ inclusion. Zip has reached
                        and engage the broader team. In FY23, our                 Silver Partnership status in recognition
                        “Women @ Zip” ERGs f lourished in ANZ and                 o f our support f or three years.
                        Americas, thanks to strong Executive Sponsorship      Future Focus – FY24 and beyond:
                        and support to deliver company-wide events.
                                                                              –   Expanding support f or ERGs, beyond
                        Other DEI initiatives that we undertook during            gender, with a f ocus on accessibility,
                        the year were:                                            neurodivergence, parents and LGBTQIA+.




For personal use only
                        –   Partnered with The Dream Collective               –   Embedding Conscious Inclusion as a
                            to launch a tailored Conscious Inclusion              mandatory training program f or managers
                            training program, achieving a +97 NPS, and            and above and providing continued learning
                            90% o f participants reporting con f idence           f or employees who have completed their
                            in explaining DEIB (Diversity, Equity,                initial training.
                            Inclusion, and Belonging) concepts and
                            87% in taking action.                             –   Developing a strategy that seeks to
                                                                                  mitigate and control risks relating to
                        –   Continued f inancial support and partnership          psychosocial hazards.
                            with Women Who Code, a leading, international
                            non-pro f it organisation aiding women to         –   While we had intended to roll out a First
                            pursue technology careers and f acilitating           Nations Inclusion strategy in FY23 we did
                            job connections.                                      not meet this objective. We will continue
                                                                                  to consider how we can play a meaning f ul
                        –   Maintained our partnership with Girls in              role in supporting reconciliation.
                            Tech, hosting two panel events at Zip Sydney
                            HQ on inclusive product design and how
                            to transition into an engineering career.




                                                                                  We seek to build
                                                                                  diverse, balanced
                                                                                  teams and bring
                                                                                  out the best in
                                                                                  every employee.”




                                                                                                                            39
                                                                                                                    Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  SOCIAL WELLBEING


                                  COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
                                  We support communities to thrive, by building      –   In NZ, we continued our support o f the
                                  strong relationships, making investments, and          Women’s Re f uge Shielded Site Project,
                                  responding to emergency situations. ‘Zipping it        a tool f or those experiencing domestic
                                  Forward’ is central to our culture, with leaders       violence to seek help.
                                  and employees actively participating in
                                                                                     –   Our continued partnership with Young
                                  community initiatives through our paid-volunteer
                                                                                         Change Agents, a leading not-f or-pro f it
                                  leave program.
                                                                                         empowering youth across Australia to
                                  In FY23, we continued to f ocus on engaging with       develop their f inancial literacy and
                                  the community and investing in areas where we          entrepreneurial skills.
                                  can maximise our impact with initiatives aligned
                                                                                     –   A global f undraising e ff ort to support the
                                  to our values, including:
                                                                                         Movember Foundation, donating $46,000




For personal use only
                                  –   Zip employees using paid volunteering leave        to support men’s health, including all
                                      with organisations including Young Change          employee donations matched by Zip.
                                      Agents, The Salvation Army, OzHarvest,
                                                                                     –   Enabling our employees to convert their
                                      Auckland City Mission and Two Good Co.
                                                                                         points f rom ‘Bonusly’, Zip’s recognition
                                  –   Zip partnered with other Australian                and rewards plat f orm.
                                      corporates to help launch the DV Collective,
                                                                                     –   Supporting the Indigenous Marathon
                                      to aid individuals escaping domestic
                                                                                         Foundation’s Run Sweat Inspire f estival
                                      violence with f inancial and emotional
                                                                                         during NAIDOC Week.
                                      independence. Zip product managers
                                      worked alongside IBM engineers to create a
                                      member portal f or community organisations
                                      working in f amily and domestic violence.




                                  40
                                                                                                               Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                     Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        FINANCIAL WELLBEING
                        Responsible Lending                                    Regulation
                        Zip remains committed to responsible lending           We continue to actively engage with regulators
                        and supporting customers in their budgeting            in our core markets. In Australia, we have
                        and maintaining successful repayments.                 advocated f or f it-f or-purpose lending since 2019
                        We prioritise offering an appropriate level of         and were heavily involved in developing the BNPL
                        credit and developing products that encourage          industry code o f practice that came into e ff ect
                        responsible financial behaviour. We actively           in March 2021. We welcomed the announcement
                        monitor customer financial wellbeing, with             f rom Treasury this year to f urther strengthen
                        monthly reporting on measuring complaints,             the BNPL regulatory f ramework under Option 2
                        customer repayment behaviour and hardship              (o f three proposed options), providing clarity and
                        levels provided to the Board.                          consistency across the sector. This f ramework
                                                                               f ormalises a f it-f or-purpose minimum standard




For personal use only
                        In the US, we introduced a flexible payment
                                                                               to protect consumers while encouraging
                        date change policy, allowing customers one
                                                                               competition and innovation. We are actively
                        complimentary payment date change per
                                                                               engaging with Treasury during their consultation
                        transaction to accommodate their needs.
                                                                               process to f inalise the details o f this f ramework.
                        We also implemented a program rewarding
                                                                               With a decade o f experience in providing f ully
                        responsible financial behaviour with measured
                                                                               regulated credit under our credit licence and the
                        credit limit increases, to foster financial literacy
                                                                               National Consumer Credit Protection Act (NCCPA),
                        and responsible financial habits.
                                                                               our existing processes are already aligned to
                        In Australia, we collaborated with Financial           obligations outlined in Option 2.
                        Counsellors to improve support f or customers
                                                                               In New Zealand, we have also advocated
                        experiencing hardship and optimised our
                                                                               f or f it-f or-purpose regulation and have been
                        processes and practices to better serve
                                                                               working with the government to strike a
                        vulnerable customers. To aid customers with
                                                                               balance between providing customer protections
                        budget management, we introduced Zip’s
                                                                               while tailoring the approach to continue to
                        bank linking f eature, displaying transactions
                                                                               encourage innovation and access to low-cost
                        f rom all aggregated accounts in the Zip app.
                                                                               credit products.
                        As costs o f living increase, we continue to
                        proactively review our credit settings to ensure       In the US, we expanded our partnership with
                        customers have an appropriate level o f credit         WebBank to enhance regulatory support for
                        and a ff ordable repayments. In New Zealand, we        the Zip lending program in 45 states. In addition,
                        also introduced a f lexible payment date change        the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)
                        policy, allowing customers to choose the day           engaged with leading BNPL players, including
                        their instalments are made, helping them to            Zip, resulting in a fair and balanced report being
                        manage their repayments.                               produced which detailed both the benefits
                                                                               and potential risks of BNPL. The report positions
                                                                               BNPL favourably compared to other credit
                                                                               products, acknowledging “significantly lower
                                                                               direct financial costs on consumers than legacy
                                                                               credit products.” There are no requirements for
                                                                               changes to our processes or services based
                                                                               on the report, and we remain committed to
                                                                               compliance with federal and state laws.




                        We are committed to responsible
                        lending and financial empowerment.”




                                                                                                                              41
                                                                                                                                       Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY


                                  Continuing to build
                                  on our environmental
                                  sustainability
                                  commitments.




For personal use only
                                  We remain committed to transparently measuring and
                                  managing our environmental impact and climate-related
                                  risks, for the benefit of all our stakeholders. As a business, we
                                  recognise the important role we play in taking action on climate
                                  change and seek to continuously improve how we deliver on our
                                  environmental sustainability commitments. Our per formance
                                  on key environmental metrics is outlined below in Table 6.

                                  Table 6: Environmental metrics

                                   ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY               FY23                                     FY22

                                   Climate Neutral Status 1                   In Progress (NetNada) 2                  Achieved (South Pole) 3

                                   Greenhouse gas emissions 4                 Market based         Location            Market based         Location
                                                                              calculation5         based               calculation          based
                                                                                                   calculation 6                            calculation
                                   Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions              0.00 tCO 2 e         0.00 tCO 2 e        8.1 tCO 2 e          0.00 tCO 2 e

                                   Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions            46.9 tCO 2 e         205.5 tCO 2 e       192.1 tCO 2 e        342.5 tCO 2 e
                                   f rom purchased electricity
                                   heating and cooling
                                   Scope 3: Other indirect                    26,738.1 tCO 2 e     26,738.1 tCO 2 e    10,303.2 tCO 2 e     10,303.2 tCO 2 e
                                   GHG emissions
                                   Total GHG emissions                        26,785 tCO2e         26,943.6 tCO2e      10,503.4 tCO2e       10,653.8 tCO2e
                                   (scopes 1, 2 & 3)

                                  1. To achieve a ‘Climate Neutral Status’, Zip is committed to calculating our GHG emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3
                                     and investing in carbon o ff setting projects to e ff ectively neutralise these emissions.
                                  2. NetNada Pty Ltd is a sustainability so f tware and climate consultancy that calculated Zip’s GHG emissions in FY23
                                     and will support our e ff orts to invest in carbon o ff setting projects.
                                  3. South Pole is a climate solutions consultancy that calculated Zip’s GHG emissions in FY21 and FY22 and f acilitated
                                     our investment in carbon o ff setting projects.
                                  4. Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions f rom owned or controlled sources (f or example, owned vehicles or
                                     f actories). Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions f rom the generation o f purchased energy (f or example,
                                     electricity). Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in the value chain
                                     o f the reporting company, including both upstream and downstream emissions (f or example, business travel,
                                     waste management, commuting, or third-party distribution such as digital marketing).
                                  5. The market-based method calculates emissions based on the electricity that Zip have chosen to purchase.
                                     It is intended to support the use o f and reporting o f green energy tari ff s via Renewable Energy Certi f icates and
                                     Guarantees o f Origin.
                                  6. The location-based method calculates the emission f rom electricity use based on the average emission intensity
                                     o f the power grid. It does not f actor in the electricity provider that an organisation has chosen to use.




                                  42
                                                                                                             Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                   Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




For personal use only   In FY23, we continued to assess our direct
                        and indirect GHG emissions across each o f
                        the three scopes and invested in carbon
                                                                             measurement capabilities have uncovered
                                                                             previously unaccounted emissions sources,
                                                                             leading to a higher reported total.
                        o ff setting projects to neutralise our emissions.
                                                                             Moving f orward, our f ocus will be on maintaining
                        To calculate our emissions, we worked with
                                                                             Scope 1 emissions as close to zero as possible
                        NetNada to complete our emissions inventory as
                                                                             and continuing to reduce our Scope 2 emissions
                        per The Greenhouse Gas Protocol. In line with our
                                                                             through, f or example, ongoing procurement o f
                        consolidation to core markets, emissions are
                                                                             renewable electricity in our o ff ices. We will also
                        calculated f or our ANZ and US businesses only.
                                                                             continue to invest in carbon o ff setting projects
                        Our Scope 1 emissions have reduced to zero,          in order to neutralise our emissions.
                        as we did not generate direct emissions during
                                                                             To effectively assess and manage climate-related
                        the reporting period, and Scope 2 emissions
                                                                             risks, Zip adheres to the recommendations o f
                        decreased due to f ewer o ff ices and associated
                                                                             the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
                        reduced electricity consumption. Through
                                                                             Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
                        procuring renewable electricity in our NZ,
                                                                             Expert climate consultancy, Edge guided our
                        Sydney, and US o ff ices, we also reduced our
                                                                             TCFD-aligned disclosure and reporting e ff orts.
                        Scope 2 market-based emissions signi f icantly.
                                                                             This included two climate exposure screenings
                        The increase in our total Scope 3 emissions
                                                                             conducted using a standardised 3-pass climate
                        can be attributed to our commitment to
                                                                             risk assessment f ramework developed by the
                        transparency and accuracy in emissions
                                                                             National Climate Change Adaptation Research
                        reporting. By enhancing our assessment
                                                                             Facility. 11 climate hazards were assessed across
                        methodologies and expanding the inclusion
                                                                             f our time f rames (2005, 2030, 2050, and 2070)
                        o f categories and expenses across Scope 3,
                                                                             f or three emissions scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP2-
                        as per the GHG Protocol guidelines, we have
                                                                             4.5, and SSP5-8.5). Our responses, aligned to
                        gained a more comprehensive understanding
                                                                             the TCFDs recommendations, are provided in
                        o f our supply chain. This improvement is
                                                                             Table 7 below.
                        particularly evident in Purchased Goods and
                        Services (Category 1), where our enhanced




                                                                                                                            43
                                                                                                                            Sustainability Report﻿


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

                                  Table 7: Response to TCFD

                                  CORE
                                  ELEMENTS     TCFD RECOMMENDATION                 CORE ELEMENTS

                                  Governance   a)   Describe the Board’s           The Board is responsible f or overseeing the management
                                                    oversight o f climate-         o f these risks when they arise, with meetings occurring
                                                    related risks                  at least annually as part o f the Board’s review o f its
                                                    and opportunities.             annual Sustainability report. Climate related issues are
                                                                                   also reported at the Remuneration, People and
                                                                                   Culture Committee.
                                               b)   Describe management’s          Zip’s CEO ANZ is accountable f or the Corporate and Social
                                                    role in assessing and          Responsibility (CSR) division and environmental programs.
                                                    managing climate-related       The CSR team works with stakeholders to assess and
                                                    risks and opportunities.       address climate-related risks and opportunities.




For personal use only
                                                                                   In ANZ this year, an environmental sustainability
                                                                                   working group was f ormed, including cross-f unctional
                                                                                   representatives to identi f y emissions reduction
                                                                                   initiatives and drive engagement and awareness
                                                                                   across the business.
                                  Strategy     a)   Describe the climate-          Through partnering with leading, climate consultancy, Edge,
                                                    related risks and              Zip identi f ied the f ollowing key risks and opportunities:
                                                    opportunities the
                                                                                   Risk 1: Acute physical: Cyclone, hurricane, typhoon
                                                    organisation has
                                                                                   Time horizon: Medium-term
                                                    identi f ied over the short,
                                                                                   Likelihood: Unlikely
                                                    medium, and long-term.
                                                                                   Magnitude o f impact: Medium
                                               b)   Describe the impact            Primary potential f inancial impact: Decreased revenues
                                                    o f climate-related            due to reduced operational capacity
                                                    risks and opportunities
                                                                                   Company specif ic description:
                                                    on the organisation’s
                                                    businesses, strategy,          During the climate risk assessment workshop, tropical
                                                    and f inancial planning.       cyclones emerged as the greatest physical risk f actor,
                                                                                   requiring priority mitigation due to the high con f idence in
                                                                                   our ability to reduce high consequence impacts. Zip is yet
                                                                                   to experience any direct impacts f rom related hazards
                                                                                   such as extreme precipitation and wind speed, however,
                                                                                   significant power outages and reduced consumer spending
                                                                                   were identi f ied as key concerns i f impacts were to occur.

                                                                                   Opportunity 1: Access to low carbon emission sectors
                                                                                   Time horizon: Medium-term
                                                                                   Likelihood: More likely than not
                                                                                   Magnitude o f impact: Medium-high
                                                                                   Primary potential f inancial impact: Increased revenues
                                                                                   through access to new and emerging sectors

                                                                                   Company specif ic description:

                                                                                   Zip’s climate risk assessment noted transition risks presented
                                                                                   indirect risks to Zip through changing markets and
                                                                                   consumer pre f erences. This o ff ers opportunities to target
                                                                                   speci f ic sectors such as electric vehicles and renewable
                                                                                   energy, which are likely to experience signi f icant growth
                                                                                   in the shi f t to a zero-carbon economy. Zip aims to
                                                                                   capitalise on this opportunity by prioritising action to
                                                                                   meet increased demand f or low-carbon alternatives
                                                                                   and cater to these evolving consumer pre f erences.
                                               c)   Describe the resilience        Zip is currently establishing climate-related
                                                    o f the organisation’s         commitments and actions as part o f the business’
                                                    strategy, taking into          sustainability strategy. The f ocus includes monitoring
                                                    consideration di ff erent      emissions, improving related data accuracy, and
                                                    climate-related scenarios,     assessing climate-related risks and opportunities
                                                    including a 2-degree           to in f orm f uture planning in this area.
                                                    or lower scenario.




                                  44
                                                                                                                          Sustainability Report﻿
             Annual                                                                                                                Zip Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                            CORE
                            ELEMENTS      TCFD RECOMMENDATION                   CORE ELEMENTS

                            Risk          a)   Describe the organisation’s      The Board’s Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
                            Management         processes f or identi f ying     administers Zip’s risk management, setting risk
                                               and assessing climate-           thresholds and minimum expectations f or strategy
                                               related risks.                   and operations. The Committee will be increasing its
                                                                                f ocus on climate-related risks as part o f the transition
                                          b)   Describe the organisation’s
                                                                                to International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)
                                               processes f or managing
                                                                                reporting in FY24.
                                               climate-related risks.
                                                                                Following TCFD recommendations, Zip has partnered
                                          c)   Describe how processes
                                                                                with a leading climate consultancy to undertake a
                                               f or identi f ying, assessing,
                                                                                cross-f unctional assessment o f climate-related risks
                                               and managing climate-
                                                                                and opportunities. A climate exposure assessment o f




For personal use only
                                               related risks are integrated
                                                                                our o ff ice sites was conducted, gauging site exposure
                                               into the organisation’s
                                                                                to climate hazards over time. The second stage o f
                                               overall risk management.
                                                                                this assessment involved identi f ying climate related
                                                                                operational risks and opportunities through a workshop,
                                                                                with prioritisation guided by detailed cost-bene f it
                                                                                analyses across the business.
                            Metrics       a)   Disclose the metrics used        Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions
                            and targets        by the organisation to
                                               assess climate-related
                                               risks and opportunities in
                                               line with its strategy and
                                               risk management process.
                                          b)   Disclose Scope 1, 2              See Table 6 f or Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions.
                                               and 3 GHG emissions
                                               and the related risks.
                                          c)   Describe the target used         Given Zip’s low overall emissions f or core business
                                               by the organisation to           operations, committed emissions targets have not
                                               manage climate-related           been set. However, emissions reduction initiatives have
                                               risks and opportunities          been initiated. Over the last three years, Zip has
                                               and per f ormance                measured and analysed its scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
                                               against targets.                 As part o f Zip’s Sustainability Strategy, we plan to
                                                                                set out solid commitments on emissions reductions
                                                                                business wide.




                        In FY23, Zip improved reporting rigour and                     –    Progressed towards TCFD-aligned reporting
                        transparency by participating in the Carbon                         and disclosures, including conducting a
                        Disclosure Project (CDP), completing a survey                       climate risk analysis o f our o ff ices, with
                        that aligns with TCFD recommendations.                              the port f olio f ound to have low exposure
                        In FY24, we will f urther develop climate change                    to climate risk drivers to 2030;
                        strategies, implement governance structures,
                                                                                       –    Completed our f irst CDP submission,
                        and integrate climate risk into our enterprise
                                                                                            with scoring to be available online in 2024;
                        risk management processes. Site-speci f ic risk
                        mitigation and agreed metrics and targets f or                 –    Relocated our Sydney HQ to a National
                        measuring climate risk per f ormance will also                      Australian Built Environment Rating System
                        be investigated. Further in f ormation on actions                   (NABERS) 6-star energy rated building
                        taken in response to TCFD recommendations                           at Sydney Place; and
                        can be f ound in the appendix.
                                                                                       –    Reduced waste through our ongoing
                        In FY23, we undertook the f ollowing                                sustainability partnerships with Zolo,
                        environmental sustainability initiatives:                           Single Use Ain’t Sexy and Simply Cups
                                                                                            (not-f or-pro f it that recycles co ff ee cups).
                        –      Partnered with sustainability so f tware
                               and climate consultancy, NetNada Pty Ltd,
                               to calculate our GHG emissions across
                               Scope 1, 2 and 3;




                                                                                                                                         45
             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                              Board of Directors




For personal use only
                                  DIANE SMITH‑GANDER                          JOHN BATISTICH                  MEREDITH SCOTT
                                  AO                                          Non‑Executive Director          Non‑Executive Director
                                  Non‑Executive Chair




                                  CYNTHIA SCOTT                               LARRY DIAMOND                   TAI PHAN
                                  Group Chie f Executive O ff icer            Managing Director               Company Secretary
                                  and Managing Director                       (ceased on 24 August 2023)
                                                                              and Global Chie f Executive
                                                                              O ff icer (ceased on
                                                                              10 August 2023)

                                                                              Chie f Executive
                                                                              O ff icer US (appointed
                                                                              on 10 August 2023)
                                                                              and Executive Director
                                                                              (appointed on 24 August 2023)




                                  Re f er to page 61 f or quali f ications and biography details.




                                  46
                                            Annual Report﻿
                                              ZIP Co Limited




                        CONTENTS




For personal use only
                        48    Directors’ Report

                        98    Auditor’s Independence
                              Declaration

                        99    Consolidated Financial
                              Statements

                        104   Notes to the Consolidated
                              Financial Statements

                        168   Directors’ Declaration

                        169   Independent Auditor’s
                              Report to the Members

                        177   Shareholder Information

                        182   GRI Content Index

                        186   Corporate Directory




                                                    47
                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Directors’ Report

                                  The Directors are pleased to submit herewith the annual report of Zip Co Limited and its controlled
                                  entities (the consolidated entity or the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2023. In order
                                  to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 , the Directors report as follows:


                                  DIRECTORS
                                  The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (the Company) during the whole of the
                                  financial year and up to the date of this report, unless otherwise stated:
                                  –    Diane Smith‑Gander AO




For personal use only
                                  –    Cynthia Scott (Appointed as a director on 24 August 2023)
                                  –    Larry Diamond
                                  –    John Batistich
                                  –    Meredith Scott (Appointed as a director on 1 September 2022)
                                  –    Peter Gray (Resigned from a director on 24 August 2023)


                                  PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                                  The principal activity of the consolidated entity is offering point‑of‑sale credit and payments to
                                  customers and providing integrated retail finance solutions to merchants, both online and in‑store.


                                  REVIEW AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                                  A summary of revenues and results for the period is set out below:
                                                                                                                            30 June 2023   30 June 2022*
                                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000

                                      Revenue from ordinary activities from continuing
                                      operations                                                               Up (16%)        693,207         596,857
                                      Loss from ordinary activities after income tax
                                      attributable to members                                              Down (66%)          (377,015)    (1,105,093)
                                      Total comprehensive loss attributable to members                     Down (64%)         (364,103)     (1,015,468)

                                  *    Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                       Please refer to Note 18.




                                  48
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        DIVIDENDS
                        No dividends have been declared for the year ended 30 June 2023 or for the previous
                        corresponding period.


                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                        Zip is a leading player in the digital retail finance and payments industry. Established in 2013, the
                        Group is headquartered in Sydney, Australia with operations currently providing services in 4 countries
                        around the world Australia and New Zealand (ANZ), the United States and Canada (Americas).




For personal use only
                        Following a strategic review of operations, during the financial year Zip closed operations in
                        Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom and completed the sale of operations in Czech
                        Republic, Poland, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, and the United Arab Emirates. Zip has reported
                        the results of those operations as discontinued operations in this report.
                        The Group provides products to both consumers and small and medium‑sized merchants (SMEs).


                        Consumers
                        Zip provides BNPL services to consumers, both online and in‑store, through the provision of
                        line of credit and instalment products. Revenue is generated from merchants (merchant fees),
                        consumers (predominantly service fees, monthly fees, establishment fees and interest) and
                        transaction processing fees, affiliate fees and interchange.


                        Small and Medium Sized Merchants (SMEs)
                        During the financial year Zip ceased offering its Zip Business Trade and Trade Plus products
                        to SMEs (provision of interest‑free lines of credit of up to $150,000) and commenced the wind
                        down of Zip Business Capital (provision of unsecured loans of up to $500,000) in Australia and
                        New Zealand.


                        REVIEW OF PERFORMANCE
                        Zip completed a strategic review of its operations during the year and took action to enable it to
                        focus on its growth in core markets, and accelerate the path to profitability. Zip has reduced the
                        number of product lines planned and in market, has reported a significant improvement in the
                        performance of its receivable portfolio and has taken steps to simplify its operations, right size
                        its global cost base and drive operational efficiency. Zip has closed its operations in Mexico,
                        Singapore and the United Kingdom, and sold its businesses in Czech Republic, Poland, Saudi
                        Arabia, South Africa and the United Arab Emirates.
                        Operations in the above regions have been reported as discontinued operations in the annual
                        report for the twelve months to 30 June 2023 and consequently all figures quoted in the Review
                        of Performance comprise Zip’s continuing operations for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                        Comparatives have been adjusted to reflect this throughout the Report.




                                                                                                                          49
                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Operational Performance
                                  Consumers
                                       Key Metric

                                       For the year ended 30 June                                                     2023           2022*                %1

                                       Transaction Volumes (‘$M)                                                  8,815.9         8,156.8               8.1%
                                       Active Consumers 2 (‘M)                                                         6.2             6.4             (3.5%)




For personal use only
                                  *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                  1.     Movement calculations may not equate due to rounding.
                                  2.     Active customers defined as customer accounts that have had transaction activity in the 12 months to
                                         30 June 2023 and in the 12 months to 30 June 2022.

                                  Zip’s performance is driven by a number of key operating metrics including Transaction Volumes
                                  and the number of active consumer accounts.

                                  Transaction Volumes
                                                                                                                      2023           2022*       Movement
                                       For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M             %

                                       ANZ 1                                                                      4,158.8         4,040.4              2.9%
                                       Americas 1                                                                  4,657.1         4,116.4             13.1%
                                                                                                                  8,815.9         8,156.8               8.1%

                                  *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                  1.     Refer to Note 2 for details of segment information.

                                  Total Transaction Volumes generated by consumers have grown to $8.8 billion for the financial
                                  year, an increase of 8.1%.
                                  Transaction Volumes generated by ANZ increased by 2.9% and Transaction Volumes generated
                                  by Americas increased by 13.1%. Transaction Volumes generated by Americas comprised 52.8%
                                  of volumes, compared to 50.5% in the previous corresponding period.

                                  Active Consumers
                                                                                                                      2023           2022*       Movement
                                       For the year ended 30 June                                                        M               M             %

                                       ANZ                                                                             2.3             2.3              0.7%
                                       Americas                                                                        3.9             4.1             (5.9%)
                                                                                                                       6.2             6.4             (3.5%)

                                  *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.

                                  The number of active consumer accounts across Zip’s continuing operations has remained
                                  consistent, with a marginal decrease across the reporting periods, as Zip balances growth
                                  with the tightening of underwriting criteria across all countries in which Zip operates.

                                  SMEs (Business Financing)
                                                                                                                      2023            2022       Movement
                                       For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M             %

                                       Originations                                                                   74.2          152.3          (51.3%)




                                  50
                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        In line with ongoing efforts to simplify and focus on the core business, Zip commenced the wind
                        down of Zip Business Capital in Australia and New Zealand during the year. Accordingly, originations
                        generated by Zip Business have decreased 51.3% compared to the previous corresponding period
                        to $74.2 million, including $12.5 million from the Trade and Trade Plus product that are no longer
                        offered by the Group. The Zip Business Capital product generated originations of $61.7 million
                        across Australia and New Zealand, a 22.5% decrease on the previous corresponding period.


                        Financial Performance




For personal use only
                        Group Results
                        Revenue has increased by 16.1% to $693.2 million in the financial year to 30 June 2023 when
                        compared to the prior financial year, driven by growth in transaction volumes, a change in product
                        mix and re‑pricing initiatives.
                                                                                                             2023           2022*       Movement
                             For the year ended 30 June                                                       $’M             $’M             %

                             Consumers                                                                   8,815.9         8,156.8              8.1%
                             SMEs                                                                            74.2          152.3           (51.3%)
                             Underlying Volumes from continuing operations                               8,890.1         8,309.1              7.0%

                        *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.

                        Reported Gross Profit has increased by 53.0% and the reported Gross Profit as a percentage of
                        Underlying Volumes also increased to 2.7% compared to 1.9% in the previous corresponding period.
                        As a percentage of Underlying Volumes, a strong increase in revenue, and a reduction in bad debts
                        and expected credit losses, more than offset an increase in interest expense.
                        Excluding the movement in the bad debt provision and the amortisation of funding costs, cash
                        gross profit as a percentage of Underlying Volumes increased to 2.8% from 2.5% in the previous
                        corresponding period.
                                                                                                             2023           2022*       Movement
                             For the year ended 30 June                                                       $’M             $’M             %

                             Revenue                                                                       693.2           596.9             16.1%
                             Cost of sales 1                                                              (451.6)         (439.0)             2.9%
                             Gross profit                                                                  241.6            157.9          53.0%
                             Expenditure                                                                  (618.8)         (966.8)         (36.0%)
                             Loss before income tax                                                       (372.3)         (808.1)         (53.9%)
                             Gross profit                                                                  241.6            157.9          53.0%
                             Add: Movement in bad debt provision and amortisation
                             of funding costs                                                                 9.0           50.2           (82.1%)
                             Cash Gross Profit                                                             250.6           208.1             20.4%

                        *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                               Please refer to Note 18.
                        1.     Cost of sales includes interest expense related to customer receivables (including $4.9 million of amortisation
                               of funding cost for year ended 30 June 2023, and $5.5 million for year ended 30 June 2022), bad debts and
                               expected credit losses, and bank fees and data costs.




                                                                                                                                              51
                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Adjusted Group Results
                                  The Group’s result for the twelve months to 30 June 2023 includes a number of non‑recurring
                                  items and items that have had a significant impact on the result. The Group’s adjusted loss before
                                  tax (which is non‑IFRS information) is as follows:
                                      For the financial year ended 30 June 2023                    $’M

                                      Reported loss before income tax                          (372.3)
                                      Add back:




For personal use only
                                      Termination payment                                        16.3    On mutual termination of the
                                                                                                         Sezzle acquisition
                                      Fair value loss on investment at FVTPL                     52.8    Fair value movement of investment
                                                                                                         in ZestMoney
                                      Incentivised conversion –                                  29.9    Payment to Noteholders on
                                      incentive payments                                                 conversion of $109.8 million
                                                                                                         Senior Convertible Notes
                                      Effective interest charged on                              49.0    Acceleration of effective interest on
                                      convertible notes                                                  revision of estimated future cash flows
                                      Impairment of investment in associates                       4.7   Impairment of investment in TendoPay
                                      Loss on derecognition of financial assets                    3.1   Loss on sale of Trade and Trade
                                                                                                         plus customer receivables
                                      Impairment of goodwill and intangibles                      9.8    Impairment of Zip Business goodwill
                                                                                                         and other intangibles
                                      Professional service fees                                   2.0    Professional services fee paid for
                                                                                                         the conversion and restructuring
                                                                                                         of the Senior Convertible Notes
                                      Adjusted loss before income tax                         (204.7)

                                  Revenue
                                                                                                                     2023           2022*       Movement
                                      For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M             %

                                      Revenue                                                                      693.2           596.9              16.1%
                                      % of Underlying Volumes                                                        7.8%           7.2%              0.6%

                                  *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                        Please refer to Note 18.

                                  Revenue has increased by 16.1% compared to the previous corresponding period reflecting a 7.0%
                                  increase in Underlying Volumes, a move towards higher margin products and the re‑pricing of
                                  consumers and merchants under Zip’s unique two‑sided revenue model. Reported revenue as a
                                  percentage of Underlying Volumes was 7.8% compared to 7.2% in the previous corresponding period.




                                  52
                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Cost of Sales
                                                                                                            2023           2022*       Movement
                             For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M             %

                             Interest expense1                                                            159.6            73.8           116.2%
                             % of Underlying Volumes                                                        1.8%           0.9%              0.9%
                             Bad debts and expected credit losses                                         170.2           257.7          (33.9%)
                             % of Underlying Volumes                                                        1.9%           3.1%              (1.2%)
                             Bank fees and data costs                                                      121.8           107.5             13.3%




For personal use only
                             % of Underlying Volumes                                                        1.4%            1.3%              0.1%
                             Total cost of sales                                                          451.6           439.0              2.9%
                             % of Underlying Volumes                                                        5.1%           5.3%              (0.2%)

                        1.     Interest expense related to customer receivables.
                        *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                               Please refer to Note 18.

                        Cost of sales decreased to 5.1% of Underlying Volumes in the financial period, a reduction of 0.2%.
                        Interest expense as a percentage of Underlying Volumes increased by 0.9%, reflecting increases
                        in base rates across all markets in which Zip operates.
                        Excluding the movement in the provision for expected credit losses, net bad debts written off
                        totalled 2.0% of Underlying Volumes compared to 2.7% in the previous corresponding period in
                        line with Zip’s medium‑term target of under 2.0% of Underlying Volumes.
                        Reported net bad debts written off by Zip’s US operations totalled 1.3% of Underlying Volumes in
                        the year, and gross bad debt write offs totalled 1.7%.
                        Reported net bad debts written off by Zip’s ANZ operations totalled 2.4% of Underlying Volumes
                        in the year, and gross bad debts write offs totalled 2.8%.
                        The Group continues to actively manage risk settings, and its portfolio management and collections
                        activities, to ensure net write offs are in line with Zip’s medium‑term targets whilst maintaining
                        top line growth. In the US, actions across the credit lifecycle (i.e. optimised decisioning, limit
                        management, collections management, decisioning platform uplift) have driven improved credit
                        performance. In Australia and New Zealand, actions to improve credit performance including
                        tightened lending criteria and increased bank linking have resulted in early arrears trending down
                        to the lowest levels since 2021.
                        Bank fees and data costs increased 0.1% as a percentage of Underlying Volumes, reflecting an
                        increased percentage of Underlying Volumes processed across the Group which incur higher
                        processing costs.

                        Expenditure
                        The Group incurs expenses that have a cash impact and also reports a number of expense
                        items that either have no cash impact, a minor cash impact, or are the result of cash outflows
                        in previous or future reporting periods.




                                                                                                                                             53
                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Cash Expenses
                                                                                                                     2023           2022*       Movement
                                      For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M             %

                                      Salaries and employee benefits expense                                        170.4          163.5              4.2%
                                      % of Underlying Volumes                                                        1.9%           2.0%              (0.1%)
                                      Marketing expenses                                                             41.9           107.6         (61.0%)
                                      % of Underlying Volumes                                                       0.5%            1.3%              (0.8%)




For personal use only
                                      Information technology expenses                                               44.4            43.7               1.7%
                                      % of Underlying Volumes                                                       0.5%            0.5%                  –
                                      Other operating expenses                                                      94.6            60.6          56.2%
                                      % of Underlying Volumes                                                        1.1%           0.7%              0.4%

                                  *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                        Please refer to Note 18.

                                  Average headcount has decreased from 1,172 for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 to 1,103
                                  for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 as the Group simplifies its operations and focuses on
                                  its core markets and the path to profitability. As a percentage of Underlying Volumes, salary and
                                  employee benefits have decreased by 0.1% as compared to 30 June 2022. Headcount totalled
                                  1,040 at 30 June 2023, following the reduction in headcount amounting to approximately
                                  $16.1 million in annualised base salary costs in the fourth quarter, the financial benefits of which
                                  flow into the next financial year.
                                  In the year ended 30 June 2022, the Group successfully completed a global re‑branding
                                  project including the re‑branding of QuadPay in the US to Zip. Excluding the one‑off re‑branding
                                  costs of $20.3 million, marketing costs, which comprise customer marketing initiatives, including
                                  rewards programs, rebates, co‑marketing projects with enterprise merchants, and direct
                                  integration costs, have fallen from $87.3 million (1.0% of Underlying Volumes) in the twelve
                                  months to 30 June 2022 to $41.9 million (0.5% of Underlying Volumes) in the last twelve months.
                                  Information technology costs at 0.5% of Underlying Volumes are consistent with the percentage
                                  reported for the year to 30 June 2022. The Group continues to invest in improving its IT
                                  infrastructure whilst rationalising cost as the Group simplifies its operations.
                                  Other operating costs in the financial year to 30 June 2023 include one‑off costs relating to
                                  the termination payment fee for mutual termination of the Sezzle acquisition ($16.3 million),
                                  professional fees paid for conversion and restructuring the Senior Convertible Notes ($2.0 million),
                                  and the loss on derecognition of financial assets ($3.1 million), together with professional services,
                                  general administration, and other costs associated with the operation and management of
                                  the Group globally. Excluding the one‑off costs, other operating costs were 0.8% of Underlying
                                  Volumes, compared to 0.5% in the previous corresponding period (excluding acquisition costs
                                  of $17.5 million reported in the prior year).




                                  54
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Other Expenses
                                                                                                           2023           2022*       Movement
                            For the year ended 30 June                                                      $’M             $’M            $’M

                            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                        63.4             61.5               1.9
                            Corporate financing costs                                                    109.4            30.7               78.7
                            Share‑based payments                                                           14.3           26.9              (12.6)
                            Fair value loss/(gain) on financial instruments                                61.1         (129.0)             190.1




For personal use only
                            Impairment losses                                                              14.5          592.8           (578.3)
                            Share of loss of associates                                                     4.7             8.3              (3.6)

                        *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                              Please refer to Note 18.

                        The movement in depreciation and amortisation costs reflects an increase in the amortisation
                        of internally generated IT development and software.
                        The increase in corporate finance costs, reflects an accelerated effective interest charge
                        of $49.0 million in the period as a result of the revised estimation of the probability of future
                        repayments being made in relation to the convertible notes issued in September 2020 and
                        April 2021, and the incentive payment of $29.9 million to noteholders on the two incentivised
                        conversions of the Senior Convertible Notes.
                        To attract, retain and reward Zipsters, Zip offers a combination of short and long‑term incentives
                        that are delivered through equity. The reduction in share‑based payments expense relates to a
                        reduction in the level of equity incentives provided during the year together with a reduction in the
                        expense relating to retention and performance incentives arising on the acquisition of QuadPay.
                        A fair value loss of $52.8 million was recorded during the financial year to reflect the difference
                        between the carrying amount of Zip’s investment in ZestMoney and the fair value at 30 June 2023,
                        and a fair value loss arising on the embedded derivative in the convertible notes (referred to as
                        CVI Convertible Notes) and warrants issued to CVI.
                        Following a review of the carrying value of Zip’s investments at 30 June 2023, Zip impaired the
                        Zip Business goodwill by $2.1 million, its associate TendoPay by $4.7 million, and intangibles across
                        the Group by $7.7 million.

                        Receivables
                                                                                                   30 June 2023    30 June 2022       Movement
                                                                                                            $’M             $’M             %

                            Gross customer receivables                                                 2,767.8         2,684.6               3.1%
                            Unearned future income                                                        (18.9)          (16.3)            16.5%
                            Provision for expected credit losses                                         (152.1)        (160.2)             (5.1%)
                                                                                                       2,596.8         2,508.1              3.5%

                        The Group’s receivables portfolio increased 3.1% to $2,767.8 million at 30 June 2023, up from
                        $2,684.6 million at 30 June 2022 reflecting the growth in Underlying Volumes during the financial
                        year ended 30 June 2023.
                        The provision for expected credit losses has reduced to 5.5% of gross customer receivables,
                        from 6.0% at 30 June 2022 due to the improved performance of the receivables portfolio over
                        the twelve months to 30 June 2023, compared to the previous financial year.




                                                                                                                                            55
                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Zip’s ANZ line of credit consumer business comprises 86.9% of the gross receivables at 30 June 2023,
                                  compared to 83.9% at 30 June 2022. The repayment rate remained healthy averaging 13.5% (of the
                                  opening receivables balance repaid each month) during the year ended 30 June 2023, consistent
                                  with the previous financial year.

                                  Capital Management
                                  Receivables Funding Facilities
                                                                                                                                      Drawn at
                                                                                                                 Facility Limit   30 June 2023
                                   Consumer Facilities                                               Currency               $’M            $’M




For personal use only
                                   Zip Master Trust
                                   –   Rated Note Series                                                             1,567.5          1,567.5
                                   –   Variable Funding Note                                                           535.4           460.7
                                   –   Variable Funding Note 2                                                         136.2            118.5
                                   zipMoney 2017‑1 Trust                                                               126.5             85.4
                                   Total                                                                 AUD        2,365.6           2,232.1
                                   AR2LLC                                                                USD           225.0            131.4
                                   Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1                                                   NZD            20.0             11.0

                                  The Group had total facilities of $2,365.6 million available to fund its Australian receivables at
                                  30 June 2023, of which $2,232.1 million was drawn ($133.5 million undrawn and available).
                                  In October 2022, Zip completed its fifth rated note issuance and second AAA rated issuance, Zip
                                  Master Trust Series 2022‑1, raising $285.0 million, maturing in November 2023. The proceeds from
                                  this issuance were used to repay Zip Master Trust Series 2020‑1 which matured in October 2022.
                                  In December 2022, Zip refinanced Variable Funding Note 2 in the Zip Master Trust, with a revised
                                  limit of $136.2 million, maturing in January 2024.
                                  In June 2023, Zip successfully completed a $190.0 million rated note issuance within the Zip
                                  Master Trust Series 2023‑1 with the senior notes being AAA rated, maturing in May 2026.
                                  The zipMoney 2017‑1 Trust was refinanced and extended until July 2024 and in line with ongoing
                                  initiatives to optimise Zip’s debt funding program the limit was revised to $126.5 million.
                                  As part of its ongoing capital management program, Zip US negotiated a reduction in facility
                                  limit (from US$300.0 million to US$225.0 million) to align with expected usage, while ensuring it
                                  retains ample headroom to fund transactions and receivables growth in financial year 2024.
                                  Zip has drawn US$131.4 million from this facility at 30 June 2023.
                                  Zip New Zealand facility has a limit of NZ$20.0 million available to fund receivables in New Zealand,
                                  drawn to NZ$11.0 million at 30 June 2023.
                                                                                                                                      Drawn at
                                                                                                                 Facility Limit   30 June 2023
                                   SME Facilities                                                    Currency               $’M            $’M

                                   Zip Business
                                   –   Capital Australia                                                 AUD            35.0              27.1
                                   –   Capital New Zealand                                               NZD            26.9             26.9

                                  The Group’s funding facilities to support its Zip Business Capital product in Australia and New Zealand
                                  are in run off following the decision to wind down Zip Business Capital. Zip expects the wind down
                                  to deliver net cash inflows as capital invested in debt funding facilities is released back to Zip.




                                  56
                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                                                                                                                            Drawn at
                                                                                                       Facility Limit   30 June 2023
                         Corporate Facility                                                 Currency              $’M            $’M

                         zipMoney 2017‑2 Trust                                                 AUD            90.0              90.0

                        The zipMoney 2017‑2 Trust matures in December 2023, extendable to 31 March 2024 at Zip’s option.


                        Convertible Notes




For personal use only
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Zip repaid $50.0 million of the CVI Convertible Notes
                        and cancelled 500 of the 1,000 CVI Convertible Notes on this basis. Following the repayment,
                        500 CVI Convertible Notes remained outstanding at 30 June 2023.
                        Senior Convertible Note noteholders converted $109.8 million of the $400.0 million Senior
                        Convertible Notes on issue during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. The Senior Convertible
                        Notes were converted at a conversion price of $12.0576 per share and in addition noteholders
                        agreed to cash payments totalling $29.9 million as an incentive to convert. The cash incentive
                        payments and other transaction costs were funded by equity placements.
                        In June 2023, Zip announced a Consent Solicitation of the Senior Convertible Notes whereby the
                        existing noteholders of the outstanding Senior Convertible Notes approved certain amendments
                        to the terms and conditions of the Senior Convertible Notes. Shareholders approved the amendments
                        and the physical settlement of the Senior Convertible Notes at the Extraordinary General Meeting
                        of shareholders (“EGM”) held on 31 July 2023. The amendments to the Senior Convertible Notes
                        took effect following execution of the Amending Documents on 31 July 2023.
                        The financial impact of the repayments and conversions is set out in Note 5. The financial impact
                        of the Consent Solicitation did not impact the Consolidated Financial Statements to 30 June 2023
                        and an assessment of the impact on the financial statements to financial year ended 30 June 2024
                        is detailed as a post balance date event in this review and as a subsequent event in Note 28.


                        Equity Capital
                        Zip raised $38.3 million ($36.5 million net of issuance costs) in equity capital from institutional and
                        sophisticated investors to fund the cash incentive payments on conversion of the Senior Convertible
                        Notes and expenses associated with the conversion and the Consent Solicitation transactions.


                        CHANGE IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
                        Other than detailed in this report, no significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated
                        entity occurred during the financial year.


                        FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
                        In future financial years, Zip will continue to focus on growth in core markets (Australia, New Zealand,
                        the United States and Canada), improving unit economics, and reducing its Group costs base, to
                        deliver sustainable growth and an accelerated path to profitability.


                        POST BALANCE DATE EVENTS
                        In June 2023, Zip announced that existing holders of its Senior Convertible Notes had approved
                        certain amendments to the terms and conditions of the Senior Convertible Notes to become
                        effective following the Extraordinary General Meeting on 31 July 2023. At the Extraordinary General
                        Meeting shareholders approved the amendments and the physical settlement of the Senior
                        Convertible Notes and the Amending Documents governing the Senior Convertible Notes were
                        subsequently executed.




                                                                                                                                57
                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  At 30 June 2023, the Senior Convertible Notes had a principal amount of $290.2 million. The amended
                                  Senior Convertible Notes have a principal amount of $137.8 million, following the approved amendments,
                                  with an option for investors to put the amended Senior Convertible Notes back to Zip on 23 April 2025
                                  at 109.17% of the principal amount. A coupon of 5.0% per annum is payable on a semi‑annual basis
                                  and at the Final Maturity Date of 23 April 2028, noteholders may redeem the amended Senior
                                  Convertible Notes at 129.30% of the principal amount. At any time up to 10 business days prior to
                                  the Final Maturity Date, noteholders have the option of converting the amended Senior Convertible
                                  Notes into Zip’s ordinary shares at a share price of $0.517 (adjusted in accordance with standard
                                  anti‑dilutive provisions).




For personal use only
                                  The amendment of the Senior Convertible Notes is a substantial modification of the terms of
                                  an existing financial liability, and will be accounted for as an extinguishment of the pre‑existing
                                  financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. A gain is expected to be recognised
                                  on extinguishment of the pre‑existing Senior Convertible Notes along with the associated tax impact.
                                  As part of the Consent Solicitation, an Early Bird Fee of $2.1 million was paid to eligible noteholders
                                  subsequent to the year end.
                                  In July 2023, the final payment of $1.9 million in relation to contingent consideration to the former
                                  Payflex shareholders has been made and the liability reduced to Nil.
                                  In August 2023, Zip agreed an extension to the maturity date of the Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1 to 31 July 2024.
                                  In September 2023, Zip made a payment of $10.8 million, comprising a principal amount of
                                  $10.0 million and an accrued interest of $0.8 million, under the terms of the CVI Convertible Notes,
                                  reducing the number of CVI Convertible Notes by 100. Following the repayment, 400 Convertible
                                  Notes with a face value of $40.0 million remain outstanding and held by CVI Investments. In addition,
                                  Zip cancelled 19,365,208 warrants issued to CVI due to their expiration.
                                  To the date of the release of this report, there have been no other material items, transactions
                                  or events subsequent to 30 June 2023 that relate to conditions existing at that date and which
                                  require comment or adjustment to the figures dealt with in this report.


                                  ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
                                  The Group is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under a law of the Commonwealth,
                                  State or Territory of Australia, or in any of the other jurisdictions that the Group currently has, or is
                                  soon to have, a presence in.




                                  58
                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        MATERIAL RISKS
                        Material business risks are those risks deemed to have a significant impact on Zip’s operations,
                        financial performance, and business objectives. The company is exposed to strategic, financial,
                        operational, IT security and privacy, legal and compliance, and credit risks. The risk management
                        strategy, to mitigate these risks, is outlined in the following table:


                        Risk Management Strategy




For personal use only
                         Risk                                 Risk Management Strategy

                         Strategic risk                       Zip’s strategic risks are identified and assessed as part
                                                              of our annual business planning process which is endorsed
                         The risk that we are unable to
                                                              by the Board. We identify the actions required to realise
                         identify and execute the right
                                                              our plan, assessing both upside and downside risks.
                         strategic initiatives and projects
                                                              Key financial and business results are reviewed monthly
                         on target and on time that
                                                              by the Executive team and Board.
                         deliver measurable and agreed
                         outcomes to support our goals.       In financial year 2023, focus areas of strategic risk included
                                                              strategic alignment, competition, product innovation and
                                                              delivery, reputation and brand and social and environmental
                                                              sustainability. These influence the prioritisation of investments
                                                              and resources in the Board-approved Corporate Plan.
                                                              We undertake analysis on threats or opportunities to
                                                              effectively assess key strategic risks. This includes
                                                              monitoring cashflow forecasts, Net Promoter Score (NPS),
                                                              growth in average monthly transacting users (MTU), DEI
                                                              metrics, social impact initiatives, cyber security resilience,
                                                              responsible lending and customers entering hardship.

                         Financial                            Zip has Board-approved cashflow and liquidity management
                                                              plans and policies to ensure adequate liquidity is maintained
                         The risk that we are unable to
                                                              to support the business, and that regulatory requirements
                         access sufficient funding at a
                                                              are adhered to. This includes ensuring we have sufficient
                         reasonable cost. The risk of not
                                                              access to capital and debt facilities at a reasonable cost.
                         being able to meet financial
                         commitments as and when              Cash flow and Liquidity risk is managed by our Treasury and
                         they are due and in compliance       Finance function through monitoring cash flows, restricted
                         with regulatory standards on         cash positions and projected future cash flows, supported
                         solvency, liquidity, and financial   by business forecasts that take into account anticipated
                         management.                          seasonality as well as stress testing and market conditions.
                                                              We monitor cash flow forecasts on a monthly basis and
                                                              track any reporting inaccuracies, misstatements or
                                                              submission of accounts post regulatory deadlines.




                                                                                                                           59
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Risk                                   Risk Management Strategy

                                  Operational                            Zip operates a robust operational Risk Management
                                                                         Framework which is overseen by the Audit and Risk
                                  The risk of loss due to
                                                                         Committee and the Zip Board.
                                  inadequate or failed internal
                                  processes, people, and systems         We actively monitor voluntary attrition rates,
                                  or from external events, which         employee engagement scores and workplace incidents.
                                  results in Zip being unable to         Health, Safety, and wellbeing is monitored through
                                  provide continued delivery             loss-time injury frequency rate.




For personal use only
                                  of our services to customers
                                  and merchants. Examples of
                                  focus areas of operational
                                  risk include People, Health,
                                  Safety & Wellbeing, Third
                                  parties governance and
                                  operational resilience.

                                  IT Security and Privacy                Zip uses automated and standardised security measures
                                                                         in a layered approach to protect systems. We maintain a
                                  The risk of loss resulting from
                                                                         specific Information and Communication Technology (ICT)
                                  disruption to operations and
                                                                         management framework which includes regular IT security/
                                  data loss or failed privacy
                                                                         vulnerability assessments and testing, ongoing system
                                  and data use controls.
                                                                         monitoring, software change and access management
                                                                         controls, as well as regular ICT and employee training,
                                                                         including security awareness training and exercises.
                                                                         We test and measure key ICT and Security risk controls at
                                                                         least annually through an independent assurance reporting
                                                                         audit as well as through the use of compliance as code.
                                                                         Zip also monitors and responds to instances of
                                                                         unauthorised access, unauthorised data disclosures,
                                                                         employee information security training and phishing
                                                                         exercise click rates. Privacy and data risk is primarily
                                                                         monitored through cybersecurity maturity scores and
                                                                         reportable regulatory breaches.

                                  Legal and Compliance                   Zip has compliance management policies and
                                                                         procedures for identifying and managing regulatory
                                  The risk of inadequate
                                                                         obligations, incidents and issues that may arise.
                                  adherence to regulatory
                                                                         Management of regulatory and compliance risk is
                                  and compliance obligations
                                                                         overseen by the Global Executive Team, the Audit
                                  and financial loss from legal
                                                                         and Risk Committee and the Board.
                                  disputes
                                                                         We monitor employee annual compliance training,
                                                                         reportable regulatory breaches, legal disputes, and
                                                                         whistle-blower reports.

                                  Credit Risk                            Zip takes precautions to ensure that approved
                                                                         customers can pay their obligations by conducting identity,
                                  The risk of loss due to customers
                                                                         affordability, and credit checks. We offer relatively short
                                  failing to meet all or part of their
                                                                         duration credit and low average order value on ZipPay,
                                  contractual obligations.
                                                                         review and manage credit limits for higher risk customers
                                                                         and limit the concentration of non-performing loans and
                                                                         large single exposures in the consumer credit portfolio.
                                                                         We monitor delinquency rates, net bad debts, 120-day bad
                                                                         debt rates (US) and principal loss rates on a monthly basis.




                                  60
                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                      ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

                        Name:                Diane Smith‑Gander AO
                        Title:               Non‑Executive Chair
                        Qualifications:      BEc, MBA, FAICD, FGIA, FAIM, GAICD
                        Term:                Non‑Executive Director and Chair of the Board appointed on 1 February 2021
                        Independent:         Yes
                        Committees:          Member of each of the Audit & Risk Committee and Remuneration,




For personal use only
                                             People & Culture Committee and Chair of the Nominations Committee
                        Directorships:       Chair of Zip Co Limited, Chair of DDH1 Limited, Chair of the Committee for
                                             Economic Development of Australia and HBF Health Limited (appointed Chair
                                             in May 2022)
                        Experience:          Diane has extensive Australian and international experience in banking and
                                             finance, technology, and strategic and management consulting. This includes
                                             as a former partner at McKinsey & Company, and Group Executive IT and
                                             Operations, Westpac Banking Corporation.
                        Former               Director of AGL Energy Limited (until 18 September 2022), Wesfarmers Limited
                        Directorships        (August 2009 ‒ 12 November 2020).
                        (of listed
                        entities in last
                        3 years):
                        Interests            40,896
                        in shares:
                        Interest in          45,766
                        restricted rights:

                        Name:                John Batistich
                        Title:               Non‑Executive Director
                        Qualifications:      M.Mgt, BBus, GAICD
                        Term:                Non‑Executive Director appointed on 6 February 2018
                        Independent:         Yes
                        Committees:          Chair of the Remuneration, People & Culture Committee and Member of the
                                             Nominations Committee, and the Audit & Risk Committee (as well as interim
                                             Chair from 22 June 2022 until 1 September 2022)
                        Directorships:       APG&CO Pty Ltd (and a number of its subsidiaries), Foodco Group Pty Limited
                                             (and director of a number of its subsidiaries), Sunnyfield Disability Services, Versa
                                             Connects Pty Ltd, and Board Advisor for Moose Services Pty Ltd (Moose Toys)
                        Experience:          John is a highly‑experienced growth leader who brings marketing, digital and
                                             human resources skills to the Board. John has over 25 years of cross sector
                                             experience in Research, Marketing, Digital and General Management with blue
                                             chip companies like Westfield Group, Interbrand, Wrigley Company, Pepsico
                                             Foods, Kimberley Clark and Lion Nathan.
                        Former               None
                        Directorships
                        (of listed
                        entities in last
                        3 years):
                        Interests            381,208
                        in shares:
                        Interest in          22,883
                        restricted rights:




                                                                                                                               61
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Name:                Meredith Scott
                                  Title:               Non‑Executive Director

                                  Qualifications:      FCA, BEc, GAICD
                                  Term:                Non‑Executive Director appointed on 1 September 2022
                                  Independent:         Yes
                                  Committees:          Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee and Member of the Nominations
                                                       Committee and Remuneration, People & Culture Committee
                                  Directorships:       Payton Capital Limited




For personal use only
                                  Experience:          Meredith is a business leader and board member with over 35 years’
                                                       experience. Meredith has been the Chief Executive Officer of Opportunity
                                                       International Australia (Opportunity) from 2018 to 2021. She was Chairman
                                                       of Opportunity’s Indian subsidiary, Dia Vikas Capital. Previously she was
                                                       with Ernst & Young for 32 years, including 19 years as an audit partner,
                                                       and an Ernst & Young Governing body member at national, Asian and Global
                                                       levels. Throughout her time as a Partner at Ernst & Young she has had
                                                       signing responsibilities for clients ranging across the Technology, Publishing,
                                                       Telecommunications, Not for Profit, Movie Production and Education sectors.
                                                       She was the first female to be appointed to the Oceania Executive team.
                                  Former               None
                                  Directorships
                                  (of listed
                                  entities in last
                                  3 years):
                                  Interests            15,825
                                  in shares:
                                  Interest in          19,070
                                  restricted rights:


                                  Name:                Cynthia Scott
                                  Title:               Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
                                  Qualifications:      BCom, Mapp Fin, GAICD
                                  Term:                Managing Director (appointed on 24 August 2023), Group Chief Executive
                                                       Officer (appointed on 10 August 2023), Chief Executive Officer ANZ (appointed
                                                       on 01 December 2022 and ceased on 10 August 2023), and Managing Director
                                                       ANZ (appointed on 16 November 2021 and ceased on 01 December 2022)
                                  Independent:         No
                                  Committees:          None
                                  Directorships:       Uniti Group Limited (appointed October 2022) (also appointed as director
                                                       of a Company subsidiary)




                                  62
                                                                                                              Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                 ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Experience:        Cynthia assumed the role as Zip’s ANZ CEO in November 2021. She was
                                           previously the Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer at Scentre Group
                                           and prior to that, Group Executive responsible for Telstra’s New Business
                                           portfolio. Other roles at Telstra included Group Managing Director of Strategic
                                           Finance (Strategy, M&A, Treasury and Investor Relations), and responsibility
                                           for Telstra’s international operations.
                                           Prior to Telstra, Cynthia spent over 20 years in investment banking, most
                                           recently at Barclays where her roles included Regional Head of Debt Capital
                                           Markets in Hong Kong and CEO of Australia and New Zealand.




For personal use only
                                           Cynthia is a Non‑Executive Director on the Board of Uniti Group, and was
                                           previously Chair of Foxtel, Telstra Ventures and Autohome, a NYSE‑listed
                                           Chinese technology company. She is a member of Chief Executive Women
                                           and of the Adara Panel and was previously a member of the Australian
                                           Advisory Board for Room to Read.
                        Former             None
                        Directorships
                        (of listed
                        entities in last
                        3 years):
                        Interests          15,419
                        in shares:
                        Interests in       1,461,043
                        performance
                        rights:


                        Name:              Larry Diamond
                        Title:             Chief Executive Officer US and Executive Director
                        Qualifications:    BTech(IT), MCom, CA
                        Term:              Executive Director (appointed on 11 September 2015), Managing Director
                                           (appointed on 1 July 2016 and ceased on 24 August 2023), and Chief Executive
                                           Officer (appointed on 1 July 2016 and ceased on 10 August 2023)
                        Independent:       No
                        Committees:        None
                        Directorships:     None (Larry is a director of a number of the Company’s subsidiaries)
                        Experience:        Larry co‑founded Zip with Peter Gray in 2013 with the goal of disrupting the
                                           broken and unfair credit card model, using technology to create a transparent,
                                           fairer and more flexible alternative.
                                           Larry has led Zip from fintech start‑up to one of Australia’s leading digital
                                           payments and technology companies. Today Zip is an ASX listed company
                                           with over 6 million active customers across its core markets of the US,
                                           Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
                                           Prior to Zip Larry spent 12 years working in retail, technology, and investment
                                           banking, where he first saw the opportunity to digitise financial services with
                                           innovative products that bring customers and merchants together. His career
                                           included six years working in corporate finance and investment banking at
                                           Deutsche Bank and Macquarie Capital. Larry has a bachelor’s degree in
                                           Business and Information Technology from the University of Technology
                                           Sydney, a master’s degree in Finance from the University of New South Wales
                                           and is a qualified chartered accountant with the Institute of Chartered
                                           Accountants Australia and New Zealand.




                                                                                                                         63
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                   Former             None
                                   Directorships
                                   (of listed
                                   entities in last
                                   3 years):
                                   Interests          55,192,619 (55,091,767 indirect and 100,852 direct)
                                   in shares:
                                   Interest in        1,417,120
                                   performance




For personal use only
                                   rights:


                                   Name:              Peter Gray
                                   Title:             Chief Executive Officer ANZ
                                   Qualifications:    Diploma of Finance
                                   Term:              Chief Executive Officer ANZ (appointed on 10 August 2023), Executive Director
                                                      (appointed on 11 September 2015 and resigned on 24 August 2023) and Chief
                                                      Operating Officer (appointed 1 July 2016 and ceased on 10 August 2023)
                                   Independent:       No
                                   Committees:        None
                                   Directorships:     Primrose Hill Ventures Pte Ltd, Camden Town Technologies Pvt Limited.
                                                      Peter is also a director of a number of the Company’s subsidiaries
                                   Experience:        Peter co‑founded Zip with Larry Diamond in 2013. Under his co‑leadership,
                                                      the Company has grown to become a truly international BNPL business.
                                                      An operations and consumer credit expert, Peter has underwritten over 3 million
                                                      customers, $15 billion in transaction volume and $2 billion in loan receivables
                                                      in Australia alone since the Company was founded. Peter was the chief
                                                      architect in developing Zip’s market‑leading credit and decisioning technology
                                                      platform and the launch of Zip’s Master Trust receivables funding program.
                                                      Peter oversees Zip’s global operations including credit and risk management.
                                                      Peter is a respected Australian BNPL authority and commentator, with over
                                                      25 years’ experience spanning regulated consumer credit, operations, risk,
                                                      legal, compliance and publicly listed companies.
                                   Former             Zip Co Limited (resigned on 24 August 2023)
                                   Directorships
                                   (of listed
                                   entities in last
                                   3 years):
                                   Interests          18,142,616 (58,790 indirect and 18,083,826 direct)
                                   in shares:
                                   Interest in        1,384,565
                                   performance
                                   rights:


                                  Former Directorships quoted above are Directorships held in the last 3 years for listed entities
                                  only and exclude Directorships of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.




                                  64
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Tai Phan is an experienced lawyer, Company Secretary, corporate governance and compliance
                        professional. He has worked with Boards and executive management for ASX listed (Westpac,
                        HT&E Limited, and Yancoal Ltd) and numerous unlisted companies. He has experience in the IPO
                        listing process for the ASX, has been appointed an external consultant for AUSTRAC and as the
                        Head of Asia‑Pac Compliance for Travelex and Munich Re. Tai’s experience covers a range of
                        industries including financial services, mining, information technology and legal (both private
                        practice and in‑house).




For personal use only
                        MEETING OF DIRECTORS
                        The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (‘the Board’) and of each Board
                        committee held during the year ended 30 June 2023, and the number of meetings attended by
                        each Director were:
                                                                                                            Remuneration
                                                                                                             People and
                                                                                       Audit and Risk         Culture            Nominations
                                                          Board Directors               Committee            Committee            Committee

                                                    Meetings       Ad‑Hoc Meetings1

                                                          Atten­             Atten­             Atten­              Atten­               Atten­
                                              Held2        ded      Held3     ded     Held2      ded       Held2     ded       Held2      ded

                             Diane Smith‑
                             Gander AO         11          11        13       13        5         5          4         4         2          2
                             Larry
                             Diamond           11          11        13       13       NM 4      NM 4      NM 4      NM 4      NM 4       NM 4
                             Peter
                             Gray              11          11        13       13       NM 4      NM 4      NM 4      NM 4      NM 4       NM 4
                             John
                             Batistich         11          11        13       13        5         5          4         4         2          2
                             Meredith
                             Scott              9              9     10       10        4         4         3          3         1          1

                        1.    Out of cycle Board meetings typically called for a special purpose that do not form part of the Board approved
                              yearly planner.
                        2.    The number of meetings held during the time the Director held office and was a member of the relevant committee.
                        3.    The number of Ad-hoc Board meetings held during the time the Director held office and was a member of the Board.
                        4.    NM refers to not a member of the committee.




                                                                                                                                          65
                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Remuneration Report

                                  This report forms part of the Company’s Director’s Report for the year ended 30 June 2023
                                  (FY23) and sets out the remuneration arrangements for Zip’s Directors and other Key Management
                                  Personnel (KMP). KMPs are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                                  and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including all Directors. The Report
                                  is prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and has been audited
                                  as required by section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001 .


                                  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION, PEOPLE AND
                                  CULTURE COMMITTEE




For personal use only
                                  On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the audited Remuneration Report
                                  for FY23. Zip’s Remuneration Report details how executive remuneration outcomes are linked to
                                  corporate performance. The report details our remuneration policy and its alignment between
                                  executive remuneration and shareholder outcomes.

                                  FY23 performance on key measures**:

                                       Total Transaction                     Transactions                               Revenue

                                                                                                                        $693.2m
                                       Volume (TTV)

                                       $8.9b                                 72.7m
                                                                             +8.3% from FY22*                           +16.1% from FY22*
                                       +7.0% from FY22*


                                       Revenue Margin                        Credit Losses1                             Cash Net Transaction
                                                                                                                        Margin % of TTV1

                                                                                                                        2.8%
                                       (Revenue % of TTV)                    (Net Bad Debts % of TTV)

                                       7.8%                                  2.0%                                       +30bps from FY22*
                                       +60bps from FY22*                     –70bps from FY22*


                                       Cash Gross                            Core Cash                                  Merchants
                                       Profit1                               EBTDA                                      (Number of Active

                                       $250.6m                               ($48.2m)                                   Merchants for ANZ and US)

                                       +20.4% from FY22*                     +$103.2m improvement from
                                                                             FY22*
                                                                                                                        72.3k
                                                                                                                        +11.2% from FY22*


                                       Active Customer                       Monthly Transacting                        Employee
                                       Accounts                              Users (MTUs)                               Engagement
                                       (Number of Accounts                   (% of Customer Accounts
                                                                                                                        (Global)2
                                       for ANZ and US)                       that are active monthly)

                                       6.2m                                  Australia         US                       78%
                                       –3.5% from FY22*                      42.3% 27.0%                                –200bps from FY22


                                  *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                        Please refer to Note 18 in the consolidated financial statements.
                                  **    All measures have been rounded to one decimal point where relevant.
                                  1.    Non‑IFRS information. Reported Cash Gross Profit adjusted for the movement in expected credit losses,
                                        and amortised finance costs expressed as a percentage of underlying volumes.
                                  2.    FY22 measured Australia, United States, New Zealand, United Kingdom, Canada, Mexico and Singapore.
                                        FY23 measured Australia, United States, New Zealand, United Kingdom, Canada and Mexico.




                                  66
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        For FY23, the Company delivered against the updated strategy resulting in record transaction
                        volumes and revenue, improving credit losses and margins, and minimising costs and optimising
                        capital management. Revenue grew by 16.1% year on year and revenue margins expanded by
                        60 basis points to 7.8%. Targeted actions were taken to manage credit losses within the target
                        range of 2.0% of Total Transaction Volume (TTV) and delivered Cash Net Transaction Margin (NTM)
                        expansion to 2.8% of TTV. Both were achieved against the headwinds of rising interest rates and
                        inflationary conditions. The Company executed the strategy to divest or wind‑down non‑core
                        businesses generating cash inflows and reducing cash burn. Furthermore, two proactive liability
                        management exercises materially strengthened the balance sheet. Corporate liabilities were
                        reduced by $312.2 million at a significant discount to face value. Importantly, the Company exited




For personal use only
                        FY23 with the Americas and ANZ businesses generating monthly positive cash EBTDA as a result
                        of these key strategic initiatives.


                        Remuneration Changes Implemented in FY23
                        In response to the decline in Zip’s share price and market capitalisation during FY22, the Board
                        completed a review of KMP remuneration. Taking a balanced approach, the Board considered
                        the need to continue to attract and retain talent across Australia and New Zealand (ANZ) and the
                        US, the shift in strategy towards profitable growth and improving long‑term shareholder value.
                        The following changes were implemented for FY23:
                        –   Short-Term Variable Reward (STVR): performance measures for FY23 were redefined to align
                            with the refined strategy;
                        –   Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR): the award opportunity for all Executive KMPs was reduced
                            to a maximum of 50% of base salary, and a new performance measure comparing the Total
                            Shareholder Return (TSR) of the Company to the ASX 300 Accumulation Index was
                            implemented; and
                        –   Non‑Executive Director (NED) Remuneration: from 1 July 2022, NEDs voluntarily reduced
                            Director‘s fees with a portion of the reduced fees delivered as restricted share rights via the
                            NED Equity Plan, which was approved by shareholders at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.


                        Reward Outcomes for FY23
                        The Board is focused on aligning remuneration outcomes with performance. While significant
                        progress was made on the path to cash EBTDA profitability, several challenging performance
                        targets approved by the Board were not achieved. This is reflected in the FY23 scorecard results
                        and STVR award outcomes for Executive KMP. The key reward outcomes for FY23 are as follows:
                        –   the Global CEO and Global COO elected to forfeit their participation in the STVR Plan in FY23;
                        –   the CFO received an STVR outcome of only 13.7% of the maximum award opportunity in FY23;
                        –   LTVR performance hurdles were not achieved and no LTVR vesting occurred; and
                        –   no Board discretion was exercised on any remuneration outcome during FY23.


                        Management Changes
                        During FY23, Larry Diamond our Global CEO and Managing Director relocated with his family to the
                        US to assume the roles of Global CEO and CEO US to drive performance. The Americas is a core
                        market for Zip and offers significant potential for future growth and profitability. The Board sought
                        independent advice on the market practice for executive relocation packages, and approved
                        relocation support including travel; accommodation; tax equalisation and compliance; healthcare
                        and schooling support to enable a comparable standard of living. The support provided was set
                        with reference to reasonable market practice and Zip’s New York office location. The Board
                        considered the substantially higher cost of living in New York compared to Sydney when
                        determining relocation support. The value of relocation support is included in the Statutory
                        Disclosures in this report. While Larry’s fixed remuneration (including Long-Term Equity (LTE)) and




                                                                                                                          67
                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  his STVR did not change, his LTVR opportunity for FY23 was aligned to changes affecting all
                                  Executive KMP, reducing from a maximum of 150% of base salary to 50% of base salary.
                                  Following the end of the FY23 year, the Company announced the appointment of Cynthia Scott
                                  as Group CEO and Managing Director. Larry will continue in the role of CEO US and as an Executive
                                  Director of Zip, and Peter Gray has been appointed to the role of CEO ANZ. Peter retired as an
                                  Executive Director of Zip effective on the 24 August 2023.


                                  Looking Ahead to FY24




For personal use only
                                  The Board continues to focus on rebuilding long‑term shareholder value. There will be a continued
                                  review of the remuneration framework so that the Company can attract and retain the talent it
                                  needs while providing fair reward outcomes aligned with Company performance and considering
                                  the shareholder experience. In FY24, variable remuneration will continue to target the path to cash
                                  EBTDA profitability through the STVR plan, and restore shareholder value supported by the LTVR
                                  plan. A higher proportion of Executive KMP rewards will be performance based with an increase to
                                  STVR award opportunity offsetting the discontinuance of regular LTE awards. In summary, for FY24:
                                  –   no LTE awards, which were 50% of base salary in FY23, will be made to Executive KMP for FY24;
                                  –   the STVR award opportunity for Executive KMP will be increased from 50% to 100% of base
                                      salary, with half of any STVR award delivered in Zip shares deferred for 1 year;
                                  –   STVR performance measures will continue to be weighted towards cash profitability; and
                                  –   the total remuneration paid to the Board Chair will be reinstated to the amount that was paid
                                      before NEDs implemented a voluntary fee reduction in FY23.
                                  The Company has historically used equity awards to deliver both fixed and variable remuneration
                                  to Executive KMP and other employees. While equity awards will continue to be a significant part of
                                  Zip’s reward structure, the Company intends to deliver some elements of variable rewards in cash
                                  as it shifts to sustained cash EBTDA profitability.
                                  The Board’s Remuneration, People and Culture Committee regularly reviews the Company’s
                                  remuneration policies. This is to advance the Company’s strategic goals, support high retention
                                  rates for key talent, reward performance and decision making that aligns with the long‑term
                                  interests of shareholders and with Zip’s standards of behaviour and risk appetite, and to reflect
                                  shareholder interests and expectations.
                                  We invite you to read the Remuneration Report and welcome your feedback.




                                  John Batistich
                                  Chair ‒ Remuneration, People and Culture Committee




                                  68
                                                                                           Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                              ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        CONTENTS
                        This remuneration report is divided into the following sections.
                        1.    List of KMP for FY23                                                         71
                        1.1   Changes to KMP following the end of FY23                                     71

                        2.    Zip’s Remuneration Strategy, Framework and Policy                            72
                        2.1   Remuneration Principles                                                      72




For personal use only
                        2.2   Remuneration Framework Summary                                               72
                        2.3   Board Policy for Setting Remuneration                                       73
                        2.4   Key Issues Considered by the Board in FY23                                   74
                        2.5   Remuneration Mix and Outcomes                                                74
                        2.6   Remuneration Delivery Profile76

                        3.    Alignment Between Per formance and Remuneration                             76
                        3.1   Per formance on Key Measures                                                76
                        3.2   Per formance Indicators Over Last 5 Years                                    77
                        3.3   FY23 Achieved Total Remuneration                                             77

                        4.    Executive KMP Remuneration                                                  78
                        4.1   Fixed Remuneration Framework and Outcome                                    78
                        4.2   LTE Framework and Outcome                                                   79
                        4.3   STVR Framework and Outcome                                                   81
                        4.4   LTVR Framework and Outcome                                                  84
                        4.5   Executive Service Agreements                                                86

                        5.    Governance and Risk Management                                              87
                        5.1   Governance Framework                                                        87
                        5.2   Risk Management                                                             88

                        6.    Non‑Executive Director (NED) Remuneration Policy                            89
                        6.1   NED Fees                                                                    89
                        6.2   NED Equity Plan                                                             90
                        6.3   NED Shareholding Policy                                                      91

                        7.    FY24 Remuneration Changes                                                   92

                        8.    Statutory Disclosures                                                       93
                        8.1   Remuneration Tables                                                         93
                        8.2   KMP Equity Interests and Changes                                            94
                        8.3   Other Statutory Disclosures                                                 96




                                                                                                      69
                                                                                                        Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  ABBREVIATIONS
                                  Abbreviation   Definition

                                  AGM            Annual General Meeting

                                  ANZ            Australia and New Zealand

                                  ASX            Australian Securities Exchange

                                  BPS            Basis Points




For personal use only
                                  CEO            Chief Executive Officer

                                  CFO            Chief Financial Officer

                                  CHESS          Clearing House Electronic Subregister System

                                  COO            Chief Operating Officer

                                  EBTDA          Earnings Before Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation

                                  FY22           Financial Year Ending 30 June 2022

                                  FY23           Financial Year Ending 30 June 2023

                                  GRG            Godfrey Remuneration Group

                                  KMP            Key Management Personnel

                                  LTE            Long-Term Equity

                                  LTVR           Long-Term Variable Reward

                                  MTUs           Monthly Transacting Users

                                  NED            Non‑Executive Director

                                  NTM            Net Transaction Margin

                                  RPCC           Remuneration, People and Culture Committee

                                  STVR           Short-Term Variable Reward

                                  TRP            Total Remuneration Package

                                  TSR            Total Shareholder Return

                                  TTRP           Target Total Remuneration Package

                                  TTV            Total Transaction Volume

                                  US             United States of America

                                  VWAP           Volume Weighted Average Price

                                  ZIPNEP         Zip NED Equity Plan




                                  70
                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        1. LIST OF KMP FOR FY23
                        This report covers NEDs and Senior Executives considered to be KMP. The table below identifies
                        the KMP for Zip for FY23:

                        Table 1 – List of KMP for FY23
                                                                                                                 REMUNERATION
                                                                                                  AUDIT AND       PEOPLE AND
                             KMP                 ROLE                  APPOINTED                    RISK            CULTURE        NOMINATIONS




For personal use only
                             Diane               Independent           1 February 2021                Y                Y                 C
                             Smith‑Gander        Non‑Executive
                             AO                  Chair

                             John Batistich      Independent           3 September 2018               Y1               C                 Y
                                                 Non‑Executive
                                                 Director

                             Meredith Scott      Independent           1 September 2022               C2               Y                 Y
                                                 Non‑Executive
                                                 Director

                             Larry Diamond       Global Chief          1 July 2016
                                                 Executive
                                                 Officer (CEO)
                                                 and Managing
                                                 Director

                             Peter Gray          Global Chief          1 July 2016
                                                 Operating
                                                 Officer (COO)
                                                 and Executive
                                                 Director

                             Martin Brooke       Chief Financial       9 January 2017
                                                 Officer (CFO)

                        C = Chair of Committee.
                        Y = Member of Committee.
                        1.    John Batistich was acting Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee during the period 1 July 2022 to 31 August 2022.
                        2.    Meredith Scott was appointed as a Director of Zip, Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and member of the
                              Remuneration, People and Culture and Nomination Committees effective from 1 September 2022. No payments
                              were made to Meredith Scott prior to her appointment as part of her consideration for agreeing to hold the
                              position of Non‑Executive Director.


                        1.1 Changes to KMP following the end of FY23
                        After the end of FY23, the following changes to the KMP were announced:
                        –     Cynthia Scott was appointed as Group CEO and Managing Director. Cynthia’s appointment as
                              Group CEO was effective from 10 August 2023 and her appointment as Managing Director from
                              24 August 2023;
                        –     Larry Diamond was appointed to the role of CEO US (effective 10 August 2023) and will continue
                              to serve as an Executive Director; and
                        –     Peter Gray was appointed to the role of CEO ANZ (effective 10 August 2023), retired from the
                              Board effective 24 August 2023, and will continue to serve the Board as an adviser.




                                                                                                                                             71
                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  2. ZIP’S REMUNERATION STRATEGY, FRAMEWORK AND POLICY
                                  2.1 Remuneration Principles
                                  With a focus on the path to profitability, Zip’s remuneration strategy is designed to attract,
                                  motivate and retain talent to drive a high‑performance culture that delivers on our business
                                  strategy and drives sustainable long‑term returns for shareholders. It is designed to ensure that
                                  there is strong alignment between remuneration and performance. This strategy is underpinned
                                  by the following principles:




For personal use only
                                   Strategic        Market             Performance         Simple and        Enhances          Sustainable
                                   Alignment        Competitive        Based               Transparent       Culture           Value
                                   Provide clear    Provide            Support             Implement         Support        Reward
                                   alignment of     market             merit‑based         remuneration      appropriate    sustainable
                                   remuneration     competitive        remuneration        policies that     risk culture   outperf­ormance
                                   with strategic   remuneration       achievement         are simple,       and
                                   objectives       to attract and     across a            transparent       employee
                                   and              retain quality     diverse and         and well          conduct
                                   shareholder      global talent      inclusive           understood        aligned to our
                                   value                               workforce                             standards



                                  2.2 Remuneration Framework Summary
                                  The Board seeks to create a simple and transparent design for remuneration. During FY23, the
                                  remuneration framework for Executive KMP was made up of four components: Fixed Remuneration
                                  (includes base salary, superannuation and any salary sacrifice), Fixed LTE, ‘at‑risk’ STVR and ‘at‑risk’
                                  LTVR. The table below summarises each of these components for FY23 for the Executive KMP:

                                  Table 2 – ZIP Remuneration Framework Summary

                                                           Total Fixed Remuneration                            Variable Remuneration

                                                                                                 Short-Term Variable      Long‑Term Variable
                                   Element     Fixed Pay                Long‑Term Equity (LTE)   Reward (STVR)            Reward (LTVR)

                                   Purpose     Attract and              Provides Zip             STVR rewards             LTVR aligns
                                               retain Executives,       with a means             performance              Executive
                                               considering              to attract and           against annual           accountability
                                               the size and             retain high quality      objectives               and remuneration
                                               complexity of the        talent across            that focus               outcomes with
                                               role, individual         the business by          on delivering            the delivery of
                                               responsibilities,        supplementing            short‑term               sustained group
                                               experience               moderate Fixed           strategic                performance
                                               and skills in the        Pay with equity          outcomes.                and shareholder
                                               context of the           that provides                                     interests over
                                               external market.         skin‑in‑the‑game                                  the long‑term.
                                                                        while minimising
                                                                        cash‑drain.




                                  72
                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                             ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                                                   Total Fixed Remuneration                             Variable Remuneration

                                                                                         Short-Term Variable       Long‑Term Variable
                         Element       Fixed Pay                Long‑Term Equity (LTE)   Reward (STVR)             Reward (LTVR)

                         Delivery      Base salary              Rights with              Ordinary shares           Performance rights
                                       (including salary        equal vesting            with 50% subject          vesting after three
                                       sacrifice) and           over 4 years             to a 12‑month             years, subject
                                       superannuation.          (25% per year).          restriction period        to achieving
                                                                                         for Executive KMP.        performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   hurdles.

                            FY23       Fixed Pay is             Rights are service       STVR is measured          LTVR performance
                            Approach   positioned with          related and              against a scorecard       hurdle is Zip TSR
                                       reference to the         subject to               with the following        compared to
                                       market median            continued                performance               movement in
                                       and the 75th             employment over          measures with             the ASX 300
                                       percentile, with the     the vesting period.      weightings to             Accumulation
                                       Board applying                                    drive profitability:      Index. Zip TSR
                                       judgement to                                                                must be positive,
                                                                                         –   Cash EBTDA
                                       recognise                                                                   and vesting
                                                                                             (50%)
                                       individual factors.                                                         commences upon
                                                                                         –   Cash NTM (30%)        Zip TSR exceeding
                                                                                         –   TTV (5%)              the Index by
                                                                                                                   5% compound
                                                                                         –   MTUs (5%)             annual growth over
                                                                                         –   Employee              the performance
                                                                                             Engagement            period.
                                                                                             (10%)


                        2.3 Board Policy for Setting Remuneration
                        The Company recognises the need to deliver on business strategy and to attract top talent
                        in a competitive market. The Company considers the following factors in setting executive
                        remuneration packages:
                        –    Australia and US comparators who compete for talent with Zip;
                        –    ASX‑listed companies with a comparable market capitalisation (in particular, comparable
                             financial and technology companies). In FY23, the industry comparator group was made up
                             of Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Ltd (BEN); Credit Corp Group Ltd (CCP); EML Payments Ltd (EML);
                             Humm Group Ltd (HUM); Judo Capital Holdings Ltd (JUD); Latitude Group Holdings Ltd (LFS);
                             Link Administration Holdings (LNK); Objective Corporation Ltd (OCL); Solvar Ltd (SVR);
                             and Tyro Payments Ltd (TYR);
                        –    the Executive’s contribution to the delivery of key strategic goals; and
                        –    the Executive’s contribution to long‑term Revenue and Cash EBTDA outcomes.
                        The Committee sets the remuneration mix and amount considering the above factors, along
                        with market conditions and sentiment, the Company’s growth trajectory, strategic objectives,
                        competencies and the skill sets of individuals, talent scarcity, changes in role complexities and
                        geographic location.
                        When assessing remuneration, the Company seeks to position KMP remuneration competitively
                        with reference to the median and 75th percentile of market comparators, with ‘at‑risk’ STVR and
                        ‘at‑risk’ LTVR supporting decision making and performance aligned to shareholders’ long‑term
                        interests. The Board’s approach is to build a strong alignment between pay outcomes and
                        performance.




                                                                                                                                     73
                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  (a) Total Fixed Remuneration
                                  Fixed Remuneration includes base salary, superannuation, salary sacrifice items and Fixed LTE.
                                  When reviewing Fixed Remuneration for Executive KMP, the Committee references comparators
                                  outlined above and relevant to the market sector in the context of the individual’s role and
                                  performance. The Committee has been mindful of the significant variation in Zip’s market
                                  capitalisation when it has assessed remuneration.

                                  (b) Variable Remuneration and Total Remuneration Package
                                  Total Remuneration Package (TRP) is composed of Fixed Remuneration, STVR and LTVR.




For personal use only
                                  The Board aims to set the STVR and LTVR opportunities for Executive KMP so that total at target
                                  remuneration outcomes above the market median are achievable based on performance.
                                  This approach is intended to drive performance and value creation for shareholders.


                                  2.4 Key Issues Considered by the Board in FY23
                                  The Board undertakes regular reviews of the remuneration framework aligned to the business
                                  strategy while remaining alert to changes in the market for talent. Market benchmarking
                                  continued to ensure that the remuneration framework remains fair and competitive against the
                                  comparator companies.
                                  During FY23, the Board implemented several enhancements to the remuneration framework and
                                  its reporting, including:
                                  –   A revised balanced scorecard of performance hurdles for the STVR Plan is featured in detail in
                                      this report. The performance measures are weighted in line with the strategy to deliver a path
                                      to profitability with improved unit economics;
                                  –   Lowered the award opportunity for the LTVR Plan to a maximum of 50% of base salary in line
                                      with the market comparator set at the lower market capitalisation value;
                                  –   Maintained TSR as the sole performance hurdle for the LTVR Plan to directly align the award
                                      opportunity with shareholders’ long‑term interests. The Committee has again reviewed whether
                                      the introduction of a second LTVR performance measure is appropriate. It remains the Board’s
                                      view that an additional measure is not appropriate at Zip’s current stage of development. The
                                      Committee regards the application of a TSR performance measure to be the most effective
                                      model of aligning long‑term executive performance with shareholder value outcomes and will
                                      review the appropriateness of the single measure LTVR program on an annual basis; and
                                  –   Revised the performance measure for the LTVR Plan to an indexed TSR. Zip TSR must be
                                      positive, and vesting commences upon Zip TSR exceeding the ASX 300 Accumulation Index by
                                      5% compound annual growth over the performance period. The maximum award is achieved if
                                      Zip TSR exceeds the ASX 300 Accumulation Index by 10% compound annual growth or more
                                      over the performance period.


                                  2.5 Remuneration Mix and Outcomes
                                  The Executive KMP Remuneration mix refers to the proportion of remuneration that senior executives
                                  can receive as Fixed Remuneration (including LTE Rights) and any variable ‘at risk’ remuneration.
                                  The figure below features three graphs depicting the ‘Achieved’ FY23 remuneration mix for the
                                  Executive KMP relative to the ‘Target’ and ‘Maximum’ level of performance. Importantly, the Global
                                  CEO and Global COO elected to forfeit their participation in the STVR Plan for FY23 to align with
                                  shareholders’ experience. Further, during FY23 no LTVR vested, and LTVR grants for all Executive
                                  KMP were reduced to a maximum opportunity of 50% of base salary.




                                  74
                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                               ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Figure 1 ‒ FY23 remuneration opportunities and outcomes*

                        (a) Larry Diamond, Global CEO and Managing Director


                            Achieved                       88%                      12%




                              Target                       51%                            24%             12%         12%




For personal use only
                        Maximum                            41%                            20%                   20%                20%


                                       0          200,000           400,000         600,000          800,000        1,000,000     1,200,000      1,400,000

                                           Fixed Salary          Fixed LTE    STVR            LTVR


                        (b) Peter Gray, Global COO and Executive Director


                            Achieved                       88%                     12%




                              Target                       51%                            24%           12%         12%




                        Maximum                            41%                            20%                 20%               20%


                                       0          200,000           400,000         600,000          800,000        1,000,000     1,200,000      1,400,000

                                           Fixed Salary          Fixed LTE    STVR            LTVR

                        (c) Martin Brooke, CFO



                            Achieved                      84%                       10% 5%




                              Target                      51%                                24%          12%         12%




                        Maximum                           41%                                20%                20%                20%


                                       0             200,000             400,000             600,000           800,000          1,000,000        1,200,000

                                           Fixed Salary          Fixed LTE    STVR            LTVR

                        *     Percentages have been rounded to the nearest number and totals may not add to 100 due to rounding.




                                                                                                                                                        75
                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  2.6 Remuneration Delivery Profile
                                  Remuneration at Zip is delivered in cash and equity vesting over a number of years. The table
                                  below outlines when the different components of remuneration are awarded and the time period
                                  over which they are paid or vest:

                                  Table 3 – Executive KMP remuneration delivery profile for FY23

                                   Type              Component    Instrument                   Year 1     Year 2   Year 3   Year 4   Year 5

                                   Total Fixed       Fixed        Base salary and




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Paid
                                   Remuneration      Pay          Superannuation

                                                     LTE          Rights subject to                        25%      25%      25%      25%
                                                                                               Grant
                                                                  continued employment                     vest     vest     vest     vest

                                   Variable          STVR         Ordinary shares subject
                                   At‑Risk                        to performance against       Grant
                                                                  balanced scorecard
                                                                                                   50%     50%
                                                                  50% are restricted for           vest    vest
                                                                  12 months

                                                     LTVR         Performance Rights
                                                                  subject to achievement of    Grant                Vest
                                                                  TSR performance hurdle

                                     Grant
                                     End of deferral/performance period



                                  3. ALIGNMENT BETWEEN PERFORMANCE AND REMUNERATION
                                  3.1 Performance on Key Measures
                                  The Board remains focused on linking variable remuneration outcomes for Executive KMPs with
                                  Company performance and shareholders’ experience whilst balancing the need to attract and
                                  retain key talent to deliver on the Company’s strategic goals.
                                  During FY23 the Company made significant progress in executing against strategic priorities
                                  including growing the core ANZ and Americas markets, improving unit economics, optimising the
                                  cost base, strengthening the balance sheet, and creating a sustainable business. This progress is
                                  accelerating our path to cash profitability and positioning Zip for future profitable growth. However,
                                  the Company did not achieve the challenging STVR scorecard targets that it set for Cash EBTDA or
                                  Cash NTM which were negatively impacted by a rapid rise in interest rates, costs associated with
                                  exiting non‑core markets and products, an increase in credit losses in Australia and lower growth
                                  in consumer spending. These outcomes are reflected in Executive KMP STVR awards. Further, the
                                  LTVR performance measures were not met and no LTVR vested during FY23.




                                  76
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        3.2 Performance Indicators Over Last 5 Years
                        The Board remains committed to rebuilding shareholder value over the long‑term and has continued
                        to take actions to position the Company to deliver positive cash EBTDA in FY24. The table below
                        outlines the key performance measures over the last 5 years:

                        Table 4 – Performance indicators over last 5 years

                            Year ending 30 June                            FY23            FY22            FY21            FY20             FY19

                            Total Transaction Volume




For personal use only
                            ($ billions)                                    8.9            8.3*             5.8             2.1               1.1
                            Active Customer Accounts
                            (millions)                                      6.2            6.4*            5.7*             2.1              1.3
                            Gross Receivables ($ billions)                  2.8             2.7             2.1             1.2              0.7
                            Revenue ($ millions from
                            continuing operations)                       693.2           596.9          392.1*            160.1             82.9
                            Cash Net Transaction
                            Margin (%)                                    2.8%           2.5%*             3.1%           3.8%              3.9%
                            Cash EBTDA ($ millions)                       (48.2)        (151.4*)         (37.2*)            3.5              9.2
                            Share Price High ($)                           1.72            8.78          14.53            6.97              3.98
                            Share Price Low ($)                           0.40            0.44            4.96             1.05             0.84
                            Share Price Close ($)                          0.41           0.44             7.57           5.23              3.31
                            Dividends paid in year                            ‒               ‒               ‒               ‒                ‒


                        *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.


                        3.3 FY23 Achieved Total Remuneration
                        The Global CEO and Global COO elected to forfeit their STVR awards and the STVR outcome for the
                        CFO was 13.7% of the maximum award opportunity. No LTVR awards vested during FY23 as the TSR
                        performance target was not met.
                        The following table outlines the ‘Achieved’ Total Remuneration (what became payable or vested for
                        the FY23 measurement period for fixed and variable remuneration). The figures in this table differ
                        from the Statutory Remuneration Table, which has been prepared in accordance with the accounting
                        standards and therefore includes accounting values for unvested equity under the LTE and LTVR
                        Plans. This table is designed to show what Executives actually received for performance in FY23.




                                                                                                                                            77
                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Table 5 ‒ FY23 achieved total remuneration
                                                                                                                                  Value of LTVR      Total
                                                                                                              STVR awarded       vested following   remun­
                                                                                       Value of fixed LTE       following       completion of the   eration
                                                                      Fixed             vested during         completion of       measurement       package
                                                                   remuneration              FY231                FY232              period          (TRP)

                                                                               % of                  % of                % of                % of
                                       KMP         Roles         Amount        TRP    Amount         TRP    Amount       TRP    Amount       TRP

                                       Larry       Global   $535,600           88%    $70,671        12%        $0        0%        $0        0% $606,271




For personal use only
                                       Diamond3    CEO and
                                                   Managing
                                                   Director
                                       Peter       Global    $515,000          88%    $67,830        12%        $0        0%        $0        0% $582,830
                                       Gray        COO and
                                                   Executive
                                                   Director
                                       Martin      CFO          $460,587       84% $55,398           10%    $29,812       5%        $0        0% $545,708
                                       Brooke

                                  1.    This is the grant value of the LTE that vested during the reporting period.
                                  2.    This is the value of the total STVR award calculated following the end of FY23. The Global CEO and Global COO
                                        elected to forfeit their participation in the STVR Plan in FY23.
                                  3.    Excludes the relocation package detailed in Table 20.



                                  4. EXECUTIVE KMP REMUNERATION
                                  4.1 Fixed Remuneration Framework and Outcome
                                  The table below outlines the framework for Fixed Remuneration.

                                  Table 6 – Fixed pay ‒ salary and superannuation – key terms

                                       Purpose              Attract and retain Executives, considering the size and complexity of the role,
                                                            individual responsibilities, experience and skills.

                                       Delivery             Fixed Remuneration comprises cash salary, salary sacrifice items
                                                            (where applicable) and superannuation contributions.

                                       Participants         All Executives.

                                       Target               Highly competent, experienced and able Executives will be positioned at
                                                            or around the median of the market benchmark, however, there will be
                                                            flexibility to move up to the 75th percentile for exceptional recruits into
                                                            key high‑demand roles.

                                       Approach             Our Fixed Remuneration is positioned having regard to the role, global
                                                            responsibilities, criticality, complexity, skills, experience, performance and the
                                                            remuneration paid by comparable companies with whom Zip competes for
                                                            talent. An annual review process makes adjustments to Fixed Remuneration
                                                            for changes in role or promotion, internal equity and significant market
                                                            changes. Any increase to KMP remuneration requires Remuneration, People
                                                            and Culture Committee endorsement and Board approval.

                                  Benchmarking undertaken in FY23 found that the Fixed Remuneration for the CFO was positioned
                                  below comparable CFO roles in the ASX Industry Comparator Group. As a result, Fixed Remuneration
                                  was increased, however, in line with changes to remuneration for other Executive KMP the LTVR
                                  opportunity for the CFO was reduced to 50% of base salary, resulting in a lower TRP. No other
                                  changes were made to Fixed Remuneration for the Executive KMP, the Global CEO and Global COO.


                                  78
                                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                      ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Table 7 – Fixed pay changes during FY23
                                                                                                           Fixed           Fixed
                                                                                                   remuneration    remuneration
                                                                                                      at the end      at the end
                             Role                                         Executive                      of FY22         of FY23             Change

                             Global CEO and Managing Director 1           Larry Diamond              $535,600       $535,600                     0%
                             Global COO and Executive Director            Peter Gray                 $515,000       $515,000                     0%
                             CFO                                          Martin Brooke              $440,000       $475,292 2                   8%




For personal use only
                        1.     Fixed Remuneration in this table does not include the equity component of Total Fixed Remuneration (i.e. LTE)
                               or the value of relocation assistance provided to Larry Diamond to support his move to the US.
                        2.     Following a market benchmarking review the CFO’s annual Fixed Remuneration was increased to $475,292 on
                               1 December 2022.


                        4.2 LTE Framework and Outcome
                        The table below outlines the framework for LTE grants.

                        Table 8 – Fixed remuneration: LTE – key terms

                             Purpose              The LTE plan is designed to compensate Executives for a moderate positioning
                                                  of Fixed Pay and is designed to bring Total Fixed Remuneration closer in line
                                                  with the global market. The LTE provides the Company with the opportunity
                                                  to retain senior leaders and attract high quality talent, particularly in the US
                                                  where the use of LTE is common.

                             Delivery             The LTE rewards retention and is based upon service rather than performance
                                                  which is covered in the STVR and LTVR. The rights vest in equal tranches over
                                                  4 years (i.e. 25% per year). There are no disposal restrictions on the shares
                                                  Executives receive upon vesting of the Rights other than trading in adherence
                                                  to the Zip Securities Trading Policy.

                             Participants         Executive KMP and Executives with high demand skills, especially in the US.

                             Instrument           Awards are made under the Zip Equity Incentive Plan and are made in
                                                  the form of Rights with a nil exercise price, which upon vesting confer the
                                                  entitlement to one ordinary share in Zip (or the cash equivalent value at
                                                  the discretion of the Board).

                             Allocation           Rights are granted on a face value basis by dividing the participant’s LTE
                             method               dollar value opportunity in AUD by the 30‑day Volume Weighted Average Price
                                                  (VWAP) of Zip shares traded in the period immediately leading up to and
                                                  including the date of release of the Zip results immediately preceding the
                                                  grant date. For the Executive KMP, the 30‑day VWAP of Zip shares up to and
                                                  including the date of announcement of the Company’s half year results is
                                                  used to determine the number of Rights issued in March.

                             Approach             The LTE is granted annually as Rights to participants, which vest subject to
                                                  continuing service. Parental and sick leave is included in the tenure period
                                                  of the LTE.

                             Opportunity          Executive KMP have the opportunity to be awarded 50% of base salary vesting
                                                  over 4 years.




                                                                                                                                              79
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                   Malus              Malus and clawback provisions apply. For further detail refer to the
                                                      Governance and Risk Management section of this report.

                                   Cessation of       If the participant ceases employment, then all of their unvested rights
                                   Employment         automatically lapse unless the Board determines otherwise. In the case of
                                                      death or permanent disability, the Board reserves the discretion to pro‑rata
                                                      the award in line with service.

                                   Change of          In the event of a change of control, the Board has the discretion to determine
                                   Control            the treatment of all unvested Rights.




For personal use only
                                  Grants were made to the Executive KMP under the LTE plan with effect from 8 March 2023. In line
                                  with ASX Listing Rule 10.14, the LTE grants for the two Executive Directors, the Global CEO and
                                  Global COO, were approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 3 November 2022. The first eligible
                                  vesting date will be on 8 March 2024. The table below outlines the LTE grants and vesting dates
                                  which are subject to ongoing employment.

                                  Table 9 – LTE granted in FY23
                                                                                              Maximum
                                                                                            opportunity     Number
                                                                                     LTE       as a % of    of rights
                                   Executive                                  opportunity   base salary     granted     Vesting dates

                                   Larry Diamond                               $255,154           50%       99,267      8 March 2024
                                   Global CEO and Managing Director                                         99,266      8 March 2025
                                                                                                            99,266      8 March 2026
                                                                                                            99,266      8 March 2027
                                   Peter Gray                                  $244,854           50%       95,259      8 March 2024
                                   Global COO and Executive Director                                        95,259      8 March 2025
                                                                                                            95,259      8 March 2026
                                                                                                            95,259      8 March 2027
                                   Martin Brooke                              $225,000            50%       87,535      8 March 2024
                                   CFO                                                                      87,535      8 March 2025
                                                                                                            87,535      8 March 2026
                                                                                                            87,535      8 March 2027

                                  In FY24, the LTE Plan has been withdrawn from the remuneration offers to the Executive KMP in
                                  favour of a higher STVR Plan award opportunity which is subject to performance measures.




                                  80
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        4.3 STVR Framework and Outcome
                        The table below provides the framework for STVR.

                        Table 10 – FY23 STVR key terms
                         Purpose           Rewards financial and non‑financial performance consistent with Zip’s
                                           strategy over the short‑term.
                         Participants      All permanent Zip employees are eligible to participate in the STVR plan.
                         Award             Executive KMPs can be awarded 25% of base salary at Target performance




For personal use only
                         Opportunity       and up to 50% if Stretch performance is achieved.
                         FY23              For FY23, STVR performance was based on a scorecard aligned to key
                         Performance       strategic priorities with the following measures:
                         Measures
                                           –   Financial: Cash EBTDA (50%), Cash NTM (30%) and TTV (5%);
                                           –   Customer: MTUs (5%); and
                                           –   People: Employee Engagement (10%).
                                           These performance measures were chosen to best reflect financial and
                                           non‑financial performance aligned to Zip’s strategy of transitioning from growth
                                           to profitability and sustainable growth over the short‑term. The performance
                                           measures and hurdles were reviewed and approved by the Board.
                         Assessment of     Performance measures for the STVR balanced scorecard features Target
                         Performance       and Stretch performance hurdles that are set as follows:
                                           –   Financial: Cash EBTDA, Cash NTM and TTV: Target and Stretch hurdles are
                                               set by the Board with reference to the approved budget;
                                           –   Customer: MTUs: Target and Stretch hurdles are set by the Board with
                                               reference to the approved ANZ and US budgets; and
                                           –   People: Employee Engagement Score: Target and Stretch hurdles are set
                                               based on comparable high‑performance organisations and prior year
                                               performance.
                                           The following payout scale applies for the STVR:
                                           –   below Target performance, no STVR will be awarded;
                                           –   at Target performance, 50% of the maximum will be awarded;
                                           –   above Target and below Stretch performance, a pro‑rata STVR will be
                                               awarded; and
                                           –   at or above Stretch performance, the maximum STVR will be awarded.
                         Delivery          For the Executive KMP, 100% of STVR is awarded in Zip shares. 50% of any
                                           award can be traded immediately with the remaining 50% subject to a
                                           one‑year restriction period. All deferred STVR awards are subject to malus
                                           and clawback provisions. Deferred shares have rights to any dividends
                                           declared during the deferral period. The number of shares is calculated on a
                                           face value basis by dividing the participant’s assessed STVR dollar value by
                                           the Zip share price at the time that awards are approved or as otherwise
                                           determined by the Board. All trading is subject to the Zip Securities Trading Policy.
                         Cessation of      If an Executive leaves during the performance period, then they will forfeit
                         Employment        their entitlement to an award unless the Board determines otherwise. If an
                                           Executive leaves during the deferral period, then they will retain their shares
                                           subject to malus and clawback provisions.
                         Change of         Where a transaction or event is proposed that, in the opinion of the Board,
                         Control           may result in a person becoming entitled to control Zip, the Board retains
                                           the discretion (to be exercised consistently with the ASX Listing Rules) to
                                           determine that a particular treatment will apply to deferred shares.


                                                                                                                             81
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                   Board              The Board retains absolute discretion in respect of STVR awards and final
                                   Discretion         outcomes. As part of its overarching discretion, the Board may reduce final
                                                      STVR awards having regard to affordability considerations and the Group’s
                                                      financial performance over the period. In addition to this overarching
                                                      discretion, final STVR outcomes will be subject to a Board discretion
                                                      modifier for “doing the right thing” whereby the Board may make downward
                                                      adjustments (including to zero) for regulatory issues, conduct issues, brand
                                                      and reputational issues, and non‑financial and financial risk issues.
                                   Malus              Malus and clawback provisions apply. For further detail refer to the




For personal use only
                                                      Governance and Risk Management section of this report.

                                  Company Scorecard and STVR Outcomes for FY23
                                  For FY23, a Target and Stretch performance hurdle was approved by the Board for each measure
                                  in the STVR Plan scorecard. Meeting the Stretch performance hurdle will earn 100% of the award
                                  whilst meeting the Target performance hurdle will attract a 50% outcome. Any result above the
                                  Target, but below the Stretch, is rewarded on a pro‑rata basis. Any result below the Target will not
                                  qualify for any award on that performance measure. The table below shows the outcome against
                                  the FY23 Company scorecard measures:

                                  Table 11 – Company scorecard outcomes for FY23
                                   Strategic                   Weighting                                                Vesting   Award
                                   Alignment    Measure           %        Performance Outcome                            %         %

                                   Financial    Earnings        50.0%                        Target           Maximum
                                                                                                                        0.0%      0.0%
                                                Before Taxes
                                                Depreciation
                                                                                21%
                                                Amortisation
                                                (Cash
                                                                           0%                    50%           100%
                                                EBTDA)
                                                                           Cash EBTDA was selected as a measure
                                                                           of profitability in line with the strategy
                                                                           to deliver on the path to positive Group
                                                                           cash EBTDA in FY24. The challenging
                                                                           Target hurdle was not achieved as a
                                                                           result of costs associated with exiting
                                                                           non-core markets and products, higher
                                                                           funding costs from higher interest rates,
                                                                           an increase in credit losses in Australia,
                                                                           and lower growth in consumer spending.
                                                                           As a result, there was no award outcome
                                                                           on this performance measure.
                                                Cash Net        30.0%                        Target           Maximum
                                                                                                                        0.0%      0.0%
                                                Transaction
                                                Margin (NTM)
                                                                                      49%


                                                                           0%                    50%           100%


                                                                           Cash NTM was selected, in line with
                                                                           strategy, to measure the improvement
                                                                           in the unit economics of the business.
                                                                           Cash NTM was 2.76% which was
                                                                           marginally below the 2.8% Target hurdle.
                                                                           As a result, there was no award outcome
                                                                           on this measure.




                                  82
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                         Strategic                  Weighting                                                Vesting     Award
                         Alignment   Measure           %        Performance Outcome                            %           %

                         Financial   Total           5.0%                             Target       Maximum
                                                                                                             69.9%       3.5%
                         (cont.)     Transaction
                                     Volume
                                                                               70%
                                     (TTV)
                                                                0%                     50%            100%


                                                                TTV was selected to measure growth




For personal use only
                                                                in the use of the Company’s products
                                                                in terms of the value of transactions in
                                                                core markets. TTV grew to $8.9 billion
                                                                which was above the Target hurdle
                                                                of $8.6 billion but below Stretch.
                                                                This performance measure received
                                                                a 3.5% award outcome.
                         Customer    Monthly          2.5%                            Target       Maximum
                                                                                                             0.0%        0.0%
                                     Transacting
                                     Users (MTUs)
                                                                        46%
                                     Australia
                                                                0%                     50%            100%


                                                                MTUs was selected as a measure
                                                                of customer engagement with Zip
                                                                products. An outcome of 42% in
                                                                Australia was below Target, with no
                                                                award outcome on this measure.
                                     Monthly          2.5%                            Target       Maximum
                                                                                                             50.0%        1.2%
                                     Transacting
                                     Users (MTUs)
                                                                         50%
                                     United
                                     States
                                                                0%                     50%            100%


                                                                MTUs was selected as a measure
                                                                of customer engagement with Zip
                                                                products. An outcome of 27% in the
                                                                US was at Target. This performance
                                                                measure for the US received a
                                                                1.2% award outcome.
                         People      Employee        10.0%                            Target       Maximum
                                                                                                             90.0.%      9.0%
                                     Engagement
                                     (Global)
                                                                                     90%


                                                                0%                     50%            100%


                                                                Employee Engagement reflects
                                                                employee satisfaction and willingness
                                                                to apply discretionary effort to drive
                                                                performance. An outcome of 78% was
                                                                achieved which was between Target
                                                                and Stretch. As a result, this measure
                                                                received a 9% award outcome.
                         STVR Outcome for FY23                                                                           13.7%

                        In line with shareholders’ experience, the Global CEO and Global COO elected to forfeit their
                        participation in the STVR Plan for FY23 which has been accepted by the Board. The only Executive

                                                                                                                          83
                                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  KMP participant in the STVR Plan for FY23 is the CFO. Based upon the review of performance
                                  against the performance hurdles, the STVR outcome for the CFO is 13.7% of the maximum
                                  opportunity. An STVR award of $29,812, for the financial year to 30 June 2023, will be granted
                                  to the CFO as shares as outlined in the table below:

                                  Table 12 – STVR outcomes in FY23
                                                                                                 Maximum
                                                                                                      STVR            % of     Value            % of
                                                                                Maximum        opportunity       maximum        STVR       maximum
                                                                                    STVR          as a % of          STVR    awarded        STVR not




For personal use only
                                       Executive                             $opportunity      base salary        awarded          $        awarded

                                       Larry Diamond
                                       Global CEO and
                                       Managing Director                       $255,154              50%              0% 1        $0           100%
                                       Peter Gray
                                       Global COO and
                                       Executive Director                     $244,854               50%              0% 1        $0           100%
                                       Martin Brooke
                                       CFO                                     $217,6032             50%          13.70%     $29,812          86.3%
                                       Total                                                                                 $29,812

                                  1.     The Global CEO and Global COO have chosen to forfeit their award for FY23.
                                  2.     The CFO’s base salary, part of his Fixed Remuneration, was increased on 1 December 2022. The maximum STVR
                                         Opportunity is calculated with reference to base salary on a pro-rata basis.


                                  4.4 LTVR Framework and Outcome
                                  The table below provides the framework for LTVR.

                                  Table 13 – FY23 LTVR plan key terms
                                       Purpose              The LTVR aligns Executive accountability and remuneration outcomes with the
                                                            delivery of sustained group performance and shareholder interests over the
                                                            long‑term. The plan is designed to vary remuneration outcomes in line with
                                                            the extent of longer‑term (three‑year) performance achievement focused on
                                                            shareholder returns.
                                       Participants         All Executive KMPs and selected Senior Executives.
                                       Award                For FY23, the Executive KMPs received LTVR awards with a maximum (face)
                                       Opportunity          value of 50% of base salary. The award opportunity was substantially lower
                                                            than FY22 awards. In FY22, the Global CEO and Global COO LTVR maximum
                                                            awards were 150% of base salary, with the CFO’s maximum award 100% of
                                                            base salary.
                                       Delivery             Awards are made under the Zip Equity Incentive Plan and are made in the
                                                            form of Performance Rights (Rights) with a nil exercise price which entitle the
                                                            holder to one share in Zip upon vesting (or cash equivalent at the discretion
                                                            of the Board).
                                       Performance          The measurement period for assessing TSR performance is 3 years and
                                       Period               is aligned with the release of results to ensure that the share price, upon
                                                            which the TSR is determined, reflects an informed market. The initial LTVR
                                                            plan granted in FY19 was a 3 year upfront offer with the Rights vesting in equal
                                                            tranches after 3, 4 and 5 years from the issue date. After the initial 3‑year
                                                            plan there was a change towards annual issuance. From FY22, LTVR has been
                                                            issued annually.
                                       Vesting              A participant must remain employed for the rights to vest (subject to good
                                       Conditions           leaver treatment outlined below). For FY23, the Board elected to change the
                                                            performance hurdle for the LTVR moving from an absolute to relative TSR
                                                            performance hurdle against the ASX 300 Accumulation Index.


                                  84
                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                               ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                         FY23               Zip’s TSR compared to movement in the ASX 300 Accumulation Index.
                         Performance        Performance hurdles for the FY23 LTVR are:
                         Hurdle
                                                Zip’s TSR (on a compounding annual growth basis) compared to movement
                                                in the ASX 300 accumulation index                                             % Vesting

                                                ≥ index movement + 10%                                                        100%
                                                > index movement + 5% & < index movement + 10%                                Pro‑rata
                                                = index movement + 5%                                                         50%
                                                < index movement + 5%                                                         0%




For personal use only
                                            In addition, Zip’s TSR must be positive over the performance period unless
                                            the Board determines otherwise.
                         Retesting          For grants made prior to FY22, any unvested Performance Rights at the first
                                            two testing points were carried forward and if the TSR hurdle at the final
                                            testing point was achieved, 100% of all the Performance Rights initially granted
                                            would vest. Importantly, from FY22 this retesting clause was removed and
                                            any Rights that do not vest at the testing point will lapse.
                         Malus              Malus and clawback provisions apply. For further detail refer to the Governance
                                            and Risk Management section of this report.
                         Cessation of       Subject to Board discretion if a participant ceases to be employed:
                         Employment         –     In “bad leaver” circumstances (e.g. termination for cause) during the
                                                  performance period, all of the unvested LTVR rights will lapse (unless the
                                                  Board determines otherwise); and
                                            –     In “good leaver” circumstances (i.e. other than a bad leaver), the treatment
                                                  of unvested LTVR rights will be at the discretion of the Board (subject to
                                                  applicable laws). The Board’s intention is that the LTVR rights will be pro‑rated
                                                  to time served during the Performance Period and left to be tested and vest
                                                  in the ordinary course subject to achievement of the performance hurdle.
                         Change of          Where a transaction or event is proposed that, in the opinion of the Board,
                         Control            may result in a person becoming entitled to control Zip, the Board retains
                                            the discretion (to be exercised consistently with the ASX Listing Rules) to
                                            determine that a particular treatment will apply to the LTVR Plan including
                                            that all unvested rights will lapse.

                        Grants were made to the Executive KMP under the LTVR Plan on 13 March 2023. In line with ASX
                        Listing Rule 10.14, the grants for the two Executive Directors were approved by shareholders at the
                        AGM held on 3 November 2022. The Total Shareholder Return performance hurdle will be assessed
                        in September 2025.

                        Table 14 – LTVR granted in FY23
                        LTVR grants for all Executive KMP were reduced to a maximum award opportunity of 50% of base
                        salary. The LTVR awards set out below for the Global CEO and Global COO were approved by
                        shareholders at the 2022 AGM.
                                                                                         Maximum LTVR
                                                                                 LTVR      opportunity        Number
                                                                           opportunity        as a % of       of rights
                         Executive                                                   $     base salary        granted     Vesting dates

                         Larry Diamond
                         Global CEO and Managing Director                   $255,154              50%       228,326 September 2025
                         Peter Gray
                         Global COO and Executive Director                 $244,854               50%        219,109 September 2025
                         Martin Brooke
                         CFO                                                $207,354              50%        185,551 September 2025



                                                                                                                                       85
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  Table 15 – LTVR assessed in FY23 based upon FY22 measurement period
                                  The Executive KMP were granted a three‑year upfront LTVR in February 2019. The starting point
                                  for the program was a share price of $0.95 being the 10‑day VWAP before the release of the 4E for
                                  the year to 30 June 2018. During FY23, the second tranche of this LTVR award was eligible to be
                                  assessed. Based on the performance assessment against the TSR hurdles the LTVR did not vest.
                                  The table below sets out the maximum number of rights that could have vested and outcome of
                                  the performance assessment:
                                                             Rights        Maximum           Actual       % of
                                                            eligible    performance    performance    maximum        Rights         Rights




For personal use only
                                   Executive                to vest           target       outcome      vested      vested       forfeited

                                   Larry Diamond
                                   Global CEO and
                                   Managing
                                   Director               203,333              1.97          0.99          0%            0              0
                                   Peter Gray
                                   Global COO and
                                   Executive
                                   Director               203,333              1.97          0.99          0%            0              0
                                   Martin Brooke
                                   CFO                    160,000              1.97          0.99          0%            0              0

                                  The final performance assessment for the FY19 LTVR award is due in September 2023. Zip’s TSR
                                  performance is not expected to meet the hurdle and it is likely that all outstanding LTVR rights
                                  from the FY19 LTVR award will lapse.


                                  4.5 Executive Service Agreements
                                  Remuneration and other terms of employment for Executive KMP are formalised in service
                                  agreements which were updated in FY22. Executive service agreements are ongoing, with
                                  no fixed term. Termination provisions are outlined in the table below:

                                  Table 16 – Executive service agreements

                                   Periods of notice required       Either party may terminate the employment agreement:
                                   to terminate Executive KMP
                                                                    –   For the Executive Directors (Larry Diamond and Peter Gray),
                                                                        the agreement may be terminated on 6 months’ notice; and
                                                                    –   For the CFO (Martin Brooke), the agreement may be terminated
                                                                        on 3 months’ notice.

                                   Termination payments            Executive KMP are not entitled to any termination payments
                                                                   with a payment in lieu of the notice period at the discretion of
                                                                   the Board where termination occurs other than for cause.

                                  For Non‑Executive Directors there are no service agreements, however letters of appointment
                                  do apply; tenure and retirement/resignation as a director is governed by the Corporations Act 2001
                                  and the Company’s constitution. Non‑Executive Directors are not entitled to any termination payments.




                                  86
                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                             ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        5. GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT
                        5.1 Governance Framework
                        Designed to attract and retain high‑performance talent to deliver sustainable shareholder
                        returns and meet regulatory requirements, Zip’s remuneration governance framework is led and
                        approved by the Board with input from shareholders, Proxy Advisors and Remuneration Advisors.
                        The Board delegates responsibility for policies and framework to the Remuneration, People and
                        Culture Committee.
                        The Zip Board reviews and approves remuneration policy and principles, remuneration frameworks




For personal use only
                        for Senior Executives and NEDs, and specific remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP and Senior
                        Executives. The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee is the governing body for developing,
                        monitoring and assessing remuneration strategy, policies and practices across the Company on
                        behalf of the Board. The role of the Committee is to review, challenge, assess and as appropriate,
                        endorse the recommendations made by management for Board approval. It oversees the Company’s
                        remuneration framework and assists the Board to implement a remuneration strategy and policy
                        that is fair, responsible, effective and competitive. The Committee refers to the remuneration
                        framework and policies when developing Board recommendations about Executive KMP remuneration
                        outcomes and reviews any variations to maintain framework integrity. The figure below outlines
                        the Zip Remuneration Governance Framework:

                        Figure 2 – Remuneration governance framework


                          BOARD                                    COMMITTEE                               MANAGEMENT
                          - Approves the overall                   The Remuneration, People                - Provides information
                            remuneration policy and                and Culture Committee                     relevant to remuneration
                            ensures it is competitive, fair        has delegated responsibility              decisions and make
                            and aligned to the long-term           by the Board to make                      recommendations to the
                            interests of the Company               recommendations on:                       Committee.
                            and shareholders.
                                                                   - The remuneration policies             - Executes the Board
                          - Approves Senior Executives               and framework;                          approved remuneration
                            and other KMP remuneration.                                                      framework throughout
                                                                   - Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                             the organisation.
                          - Assesses Company                         and Senior Executive
                            performance and determines               remuneration;
                            variable reward outcomes
                                                                   - The extent of the Senior
                            for Senior Executives.
                                                                     Executive achievement
                                                                     against performance
                                                                     hurdles; and
                                                                   - Executive variable
                                                                     incentive plans.




                          CONSULT               REMUNERATION ADVISORS
                          SHARE-
                                                The Committee may appoint and engage independent advisors directly
                          HOLDERS
                                                in relation to remuneration matters. Advice is used to assist the Board
                          AND PROXY
                                                with decisions made through the Board and Committee process.
                          ADVISORS


                        The Committee Charter sets out the Committee’s roles, responsibilities, composition, structure
                        and membership requirements. The Committee is independent of Management when making
                        recommendations affecting employee remuneration. Where appropriate, the Global CEO, Global
                        COO, CFO and Group General Counsel attend Committee meetings as invitees, however, they do
                        not participate in formal decision‑making or in discussions relating to their own remuneration.




                                                                                                                                     87
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  5.2 Risk Management
                                  A sound risk management culture is important to Zip. All performance is assessed by the Board
                                  with reference to Company risk management policies. The Board retains the ultimate discretion
                                  to adjust remuneration outcomes and/or unvested variable rewards (including to zero) to address
                                  poor behaviours or risk taking that is outside of the Board approved risk appetite.
                                  The Company’s STVR and LTVR Plans have been designed to protect the Company from the risk
                                  of unintended or unjustified pay outcomes by allowing risk factors to be considered over long
                                  periods and by way of a variety of measures that are considered key to the Company’s success.
                                  For example:




For personal use only
                                  –   basing the STVR on five financial, customer and people performance measures, including
                                      Target performance hurdles before any STVR on a measure is able to be paid;
                                  –   applying a Board discretion modifier to STVR outcomes for “doing the right thing” whereby the
                                      Board may make downward adjustments (including to zero) for regulatory issues, conduct
                                      issues, brand and reputational issues, and non‑financial and financial risk issues;
                                  –   deferring a component (50%) of STVR for Executive KMP to ensure alignment with shareholder
                                      value and compliance with Zip’s codes of conduct and corporate governance; and
                                  –   distributing remuneration components across both long and short‑term performance‑based
                                      components to encourage prudent risk‑taking in line with the overall objectives of the Company.
                                  While formal shareholding requirements are not imposed for Executive KMP, the Global CEO and
                                  Global COO held material holdings in Zip shares.

                                  Malus and Clawback
                                  In addition to considering risk in the design of variable pay plans, the following malus and
                                  clawback provisions apply to the LTE, Deferred STVR and LTVR plans:
                                  Amongst other things, the Board may elect to forfeit any unvested awards (i.e. malus) or recoup
                                  any vested and paid awards (i.e. clawback) in the following circumstances:
                                  –   a participant has engaged in serious misconduct (including but not limited to fraud, dishonesty,
                                      gross negligence or a breach of employment conditions);
                                  –   a material misstatement in, or omission from the Group’s financial statements or a misstatement
                                      of an applicable vesting condition;
                                  –   a participant has acted or failed to act in a way that has contributed to material reputational
                                      damage to the Group; or
                                  –   in the opinion of the Board, acting in good faith, all or part of the initial award is no longer justified
                                      having regard to the circumstances or information which has subsequently come to light.

                                  Use of Board Discretion
                                  The Board did not exercise discretion on any outcomes of any award for any KMP in FY23.




                                  88
                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        6. NON‑EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (NED) REMUNERATION POLICY
                        The remuneration policy for NEDs seeks to deliver market competitive fees to attract and retain
                        talented, qualified directors, preserve independence, and align director and shareholder interests.
                        The Board policy is to remunerate NEDs at market rates for comparable companies for time,
                        commitment and responsibilities. The Board determines payments to the NEDs and reviews their
                        remuneration annually, based on market practice, duties and accountability. Fees are paid for
                        service on the Board and for membership and/or chairing of the Audit and Risk, and Remuneration,
                        People and Culture Committee. No additional fees are paid for membership of the Nomination
                        Committee and the Board chair receives no additional fees for serving on Committees.




For personal use only
                        Once appointed all NEDs enter into a service agreement with the Company in the form of a letter
                        of appointment. The letter summarises the Board policies and terms, including compensation
                        relevant to the office of Director. All current NEDs were appointed for an initial term of three years
                        (subject to election by shareholders). The service agreements for the NEDs do not carry notice
                        period provisions, nor do they provide for any termination benefits. All Directors must retire from
                        office at the third annual general meeting after the Director was last elected and will then be
                        eligible for re‑election.

                        Board Composition
                        The Zip Board had five Directors, three independent NEDs and two Executive Directors (being
                        the Global CEO and Global COO). Independent NED, Meredith Scott, was appointed to the Board
                        on 1 September 2022.
                        As compared with the comparator set, the size of the Board was considered small for FY23
                        especially considering the strategic challenges facing the Company. The Board put on hold
                        the appointment of an additional NED during FY23 and intends to appoint one incremental
                        independent NED, based in the US, given the strategic importance of the US market.
                        The Board will continue to review the collective skills, knowledge, experience and diversity
                        required to support its ongoing performance and governance duties, with a view to identifying
                        skills, capacity and market knowledge to support Zip’s continued growth and long‑term success.


                        6.1 NED Fees
                        To maintain independence and impartiality, NEDs do not receive performance‑related
                        remuneration such as share options or rights with a performance condition.
                        The Board reviewed NED Fees in light of the reduction in Zip’s share price during FY22.
                        Following this review the Board decided to voluntarily reduce fees to bring them in line with
                        market benchmarks and in recognition of the shareholder experience. The Board also decided,
                        and received shareholder approval, to deliver a portion of NED Fees as restricted share rights.




                                                                                                                           89
                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  The table below sets out the FY23 Board and Committee fee structure (all fees are inclusive of
                                  superannuation):

                                  Table 17 – NED fees
                                                                     FY22 NED fees1                      FY23 NED fees1 (effective 1st July 2022)

                                                                                                                                   Director/         Director/
                                                                      Chair        Director/         Chair            Chair        member            member
                                       Role                            fee2      member fee           fee2          equity3             fee           equity3

                                       Main Board              $300,000          $150,000      $220,000         $40,000          $110,000           $20,000




For personal use only
                                       Audit and Risk
                                       Committee                 $25,000           $12,500      $20,000                  –        $10,000                   –
                                       Remuneration,
                                       People and
                                       Culture
                                       Committee                 $12,500           $12,500       $10,000                 –        $10,000                   –
                                       Nominations
                                       Committee 4                       –                –              –               –                 –                –

                                  1.     Fees are inclusive of superannuation.
                                  2.     The Board Chair does not receive fees for serving on Committees.
                                  3.     A portion of NED Fees is delivered as restricted share rights under the NED Equity Plan approved by shareholders
                                         at the 2022 AGM.
                                  4.     NEDs do not receive fees for serving on the Nominations Committee.

                                  NEDs are entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable business‑related expenses in addition to Board
                                  fees, as may be reasonably incurred in the discharge of their duties.

                                  Aggregate Fee Pool
                                  Non‑Executive Director fees are determined within an aggregate fee pool limit. The current fee
                                  pool is $1,500,000 (inclusive of superannuation) and was approved by shareholders at the AGM
                                  held on 4 November 2021. The fee pool is designed to provide flexibility to the Board to
                                  accommodate changes in its size and composition.


                                  6.2 NED Equity Plan
                                  Restricted Rights to NEDs for FY23
                                  The Company established the NED Equity Plan to assist in the motivation, retention and reward
                                  of NEDs and to provide an opportunity for the NEDs to acquire shareholdings in the Company
                                  through the sacrifice of fees into equity. In line with ASX Listing Rule 10.14, the Company obtained
                                  shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM before implementing the NED Equity Plan.
                                  In designing the NED Equity Plan, the Directors were conscious that NED remuneration should
                                  not conflict with their obligations to bring independent judgement to their roles. Consistent with
                                  Principle 8 of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and
                                  Recommendations, the grants of securities will better align the interests of the NEDs with the
                                  interests of shareholders. In accordance with these governance recommendations, the securities
                                  issued under the NED Equity Plan are not subject to performance‑based vesting conditions or
                                  vesting conditions of any kind.




                                  90
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        Key terms of the NED Equity Plan are outlined below:

                        Table 18 ‒ FY23 NED equity plan – key terms

                            Purpose          The purpose of the Zip NED Equity Plan (ZIPNEP) is to facilitate long‑term
                                             holding of equity interests and assist NEDs in reaching the minimum
                                             shareholding requirement. Providing a portion of NED Fees in equity also
                                             creates “skin in the game” alignment between NEDs and shareholders.

                            Instrument       Each NED will be invited to apply for Restricted Rights under the ZIPNEP,




For personal use only
                                             with a nil exercise price. Restricted Rights have been selected so as not to
                                             compromise NED’s independence.

                            Opportunity      The grant is calculated to deliver a value of $40,000 to the Chair and $20,000
                                             to each NED annually as part of their Main Board Fee.

                            Allocation       Diane Smith‑Gander AO, John Batistich and Meredith Scott were invited to
                            Method           apply for the number of Restricted Rights, calculated as follows:
                                             –   Number of Restricted Rights = Cash Fee Sacrifice $÷ Right Value; and
                                             –   Where the Right Value is the 10‑day volume weighted average price (VWAP)
                                                 following the release of FY22 financial results.

                            Term             Each Right has a Term ending 15 years after the grant date, and if not
                                             exercised before the end of the Term the Restricted Rights will lapse.

                            Vesting          To ensure NED independence is not compromised, and to recognise that
                            Conditions &     the instruments are an alternative to cash remuneration, the Rights are not
                            Exercise         subject to any vesting conditions. Rights may not be exercised within 90 days
                            Conditions       of the Grant Date.

                            Dealing &        Rights may not be sold, transferred, mortgaged, charged or otherwise dealt
                            Disposal         with or encumbered, except by force of law.
                            Restrictions
                                             Shares acquired from the exercise of vested Rights will be subject to disposal
                                             restrictions due to:
                                             –   the Company’s securities trading policy;
                                             –   the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act;
                                             –   12‑month‑on‑sale restrictions under the Corporations Act; and
                                             –   specified Disposal Restrictions included in the Invitation.
                                             Zip will ensure that such restrictions are enforced via CHESS holding locks or
                                             alternatively by any trustee of an Employee Share Trust that may be engaged
                                             in connection with the Plan.

                            Corporate        In the event of a change of control or delisting, Exercise Restrictions will
                            Actions          cease on the date determined by the Board.


                        6.3 NED Shareholding Policy
                        A minimum shareholding policy exists. This requirement is designed to facilitate share ownership
                        and further strengthen the alignment between Directors and the Group’s shareholders. NEDs will
                        be required to build a shareholding with a monetary value (at cost) equal to 1x their Main Board fee
                        within a three‑year timeframe being the later of:
                        –    three years from the effective date of the policy in October 2021; or
                        –    three years from date of commencement as a NED for those appointed after October 2021.




                                                                                                                             91
                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  7. FY24 REMUNERATION CHANGES
                                  On 10 August 2023 the Company announced that it had appointed Cynthia Scott as Group CEO
                                  and would appoint Ms Scott to the Board as Managing Director. The Company also announced key
                                  employment terms agreed with Ms Scott. Ms Scott’s remuneration opportunity, weighted towards
                                  long-term performance‑based pay, is outlined below:

                                  Table 19 – Group CEO FY24 remuneration opportunity*
                                                                           Fixed
                                                                         remun­          Target    Maximum      Target       Maximum      Target     Maximum




For personal use only
                                      Executive                          eration          STVR         STVR       LTVR           LTVR        TRP          TRP

                                      Cynthia Scott
                                      Group CEO and
                                      Managing Director             737,399          355,000      710,000     532,500 1,065,000 1,624,899 2,512,399




                                        Target               45%                   22%            33%




                                  Maximum                    29%                         28%                       42%



                                                 0             500,000             1,000,000      1,500,000      2,000,000        2,500,000        3000000

                                                     Fixed Salary    STVR            LTVR

                                  *     Percentages have been rounded to the nearest number and totals may not add to 100 due to rounding.


                                  Supporting the Path to Profitability
                                  In FY24, KMP Executive remuneration will continue to focus on the path to cash profitability.
                                  A higher proportion of Senior Executive reward will be performance based with an increase
                                  to the STVR opportunity offsetting the discontinuance of regular LTE awards. In summary:
                                  –     no LTE awards, which were 50% of base salary in FY22, will be made to Executive KMP;
                                  –     to recognise the discontinuance of LTE awards, and to support the path to profitability, STVR
                                        opportunity for Executive KMP, which is subject to performance measures being achieved, will
                                        be increased from 50% to 100% of base salary, with half of any STVR award delivered in Zip
                                        shares that are deferred for 1 year; and
                                  –     STVR performance measures will continue to be weighted towards profitability.
                                  After completing a review of NED remuneration, the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee
                                  (with Ms Diane Smith‑Gander excluding herself) made a recommendation to the Board to restore the
                                  total remuneration paid to the Board Chair to the amount that was paid before NEDs implemented
                                  a voluntary fee reduction in FY23. In FY24 the Board Chair will receive a Main Board fee of $260,000
                                  and an invitation to participate in the NED Equity Plan with a value of $40,000. Total remuneration
                                  is inclusive of superannuation. This change recognises the substantial ongoing workload and
                                  accountabilities of the Chair. No other changes to NED remuneration are proposed for FY24.
                                  The Company has historically used equity awards to deliver both fixed and variable remuneration
                                  to Executive KMP and other employees. While equity awards will continue to be a significant part of
                                  reward at Zip, the Company intends to deliver some elements of variable reward in cash as it shifts
                                  to sustained profitability.



                                  92
                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                                             ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        8. STATUTORY DISCLOSURES
                        8.1 Remuneration Tables
                        Details of the remuneration of KMP of the consolidated entity are set out in the following table
                        which has been prepared in accordance with the accounting standards.

                        Table 20 ‒ Statutory remuneration table
                                                                                                                     Other         At risk
                                                                         Total fixed remuneration                   benefits    remuneration




For personal use only
                                                                                               Annual
                                                                                                   and                         Short-      Long-
                                                               Salary               Super-        long     Long-                 term       term
                                                                  and    Salary      annu­-   service       term               incen­     incen­
                             FY23 and FY22 ($)      Year         fees sacrifice1      ation     leave2    equity3     Other4      tive      tive5       Total

                             Non‑Executive Directors:
                             Diane Smith‑           FY23     199,095    40,000     20,905           –          –           –        –          –     260,000
                             Gander AO              FY22     256,383          –    23,200           –          –           –        –          –     279,583
                             John Batistich         FY23      117,647   20,000      12,353          –          –           –        –          –     150,000
                                                    FY22     159,085          –     15,915          –          –           –        –          –     175,000
                             Meredith Scott         FY23      105,581    16,667     11,086          –          –           –        –          –     133,334
                             (part year FY23)6      FY22            –         –          –          –          –           –        –          –           –
                             Pippa Downes
                             (part year FY22)7      FY22      167,340         –     16,734          –          –           –        –          –     184,074
                             Executive Directors:
                             Larry Diamond          FY23      507,139     3,169    25,292     50,835      70,671     548,812        –    177,752    1,383,670
                                                    FY22     493,019     19,013    23,568     39,387      83,410           –        –    179,201     837,598
                             Peter Gray             FY23      481,786     7,922    25,292     41,220     67,830            –        –    172,876     796,926
                                                    FY22      472,419    19,013    23,568     37,802     80,062            –        –    176,509     809,373
                             Executive Manager:
                             Martin Brooke          FY23      427,373     7,922    25,292     18,889     55,398            –   29,812    111,975     676,661
                                                    FY22      397,419    19,013    23,568     19,220     63,980            –   59,550    124,637     707,387
                             Total FY23                     1,838,621   95,680     120,220    110,944    193,899     548,812   29,812 462,603 3,400,591
                             Total FY22                     1,945,665   57,039     126,553    96,409     227,452           –   59,550 480,347 2,993,015

                        1.     Salary sacrifice for Non‑Executive Directors includes the Director’s fees sacrifice for restricted rights under the
                               NED Equity Plan.
                               For Executive KMP this is salary sacrifice for car parking. Larry Diamond’s car parking salary sacrifice ceased on
                               31 August 2022. For Peter Gray and Martin Brooke, salary sacrifice car parking ceased on 30 November 2022.
                        2.     The annual leave ($69,390) and long service leave ($41,554) represents the increase in the associated provisions.
                               Comparatives adjusted to reflect annual leave accrued in the prior financial year less amount taken.
                        3.     Long-Term Equity is expensed over the vesting period. The value disclosed is the portion recognised as an expense
                               in FY23.
                        4.     Other benefits include relocation assistance of $548,812 (which covered items such as housing, healthcare, travel,
                               schooling, and tax equalisation and compliance) for Larry Diamond.
                        5.     The value of LTI Performance Rights is calculated at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model
                               and is expensed over the vesting period. The value disclosed is the portion recognised as an expense in FY23.
                        6.     Meredith Scott commenced as a KMP on 1 September 2022.
                        7.     Pippa Downes commenced as a KMP on 1 October 2020 and resigned on 22 June 2022.




                                                                                                                                                      93
                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  8.2 KMP Equity Interests and Changes
                                  (a) Issue of Shares
                                  Other than set out in this report, there were no shares issued to Directors and other KMP as part of
                                  compensation during the financial year ended 30 June 2023.

                                  (b) Performance Rights Holding
                                  The number of Performance Rights in the Company held during the financial year by each Director
                                  and other members of KMP of the consolidated entity, including their personally related parties,
                                  affecting remuneration of Directors and other KMP in the current or future financial years is set out




For personal use only
                                  below:

                                  Table 21 ‒ Fixed long‑term equity
                                                                                                 Balance at                   Conversion       Balance at
                                                                                                the start of                  to ordinary      the end of
                                       Long‑term equity                                            the year       Granted         shares         the year

                                       Larry Diamond                                             103,322        397,065         (27,097)        473,290
                                       Peter Gray                                                  99,166       381,036         (26,006)        454,196
                                       Martin Brooke                                              83,209        350,140          (21,763)       411,586
                                       Total                                                     285,697       1,128,241        (74,866)      1,339,072

                                                                                                                                Number of       $fair value
                                       Issue date                 Vesting date                  Expiry date                  rights issued   at grant date

                                       8 March 2021               8 March 20231                 8 March 2027                      13,767             8.92
                                       8 March 2021               8 March 2024                  8 March 2027                      13,767             8.92
                                       8 March 2021               8 March 2025                  8 March 2027                      13,765             8.92
                                       8 March 2022               8 March 2023                  8 March 2028                     61,099              0.93
                                       8 March 2022               8 March 2024                  8 March 2028                     61,099              0.93
                                       8 March 2022               8 March 2025                  8 March 2028                      61,100             0.93
                                       8 March 2022               8 March 2026                  8 March 2028                      61,100             0.93
                                       8 March 2023               8 March 2024                  8 March 2029                    282,061              0.52
                                       8 March 2023               8 March 2025                  8 March 2029                   282,060               0.52
                                       8 March 2023               8 March 2026                  8 March 2029                   282,060               0.52
                                       8 March 2023               8 March 2027                  8 March 2029                   282,060               0.52
                                       Total                                                                                  1,413,938

                                  1.     Rights vested and converted to ordinary shares on 8 March 2023.

                                  Table 22 ‒ Variable long‑term incentive
                                                                                  Balance at                   Conversion                      Balance at
                                                                                 the start of                  to ordinary                     the end of
                                       At risk long‑term equity                     the year       Granted         shares         Lapsed         the year

                                       Larry Diamond                              715,504        228,326                ‒               ‒      943,830
                                       Peter Gray                                  711,260        219,109               ‒               ‒      930,369
                                       Martin Brooke                              377,204         185,551               ‒               ‒       562,755
                                       Total                                     1,803,968       632,986                ‒               ‒    2,436,954




                                  94
                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                               ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                                                                                                                   Number of      $Fair value
                             Issue date                     Vesting date           Expiry date                  rights issued   at grant date

                             15 February 2019               15 February 2022       15 February 2025               406,666              0.287
                             15 February 2019               15 September 2022      15 February 2025               160,000              0.317
                             15 February 2019               15 February 2023       15 February 2025               406,666              0.317
                             15 February 2019               15 September 2023      15 February 2025               160,000             0.330
                             15 February 2019               15 February 2024       15 February 2025               406,668             0.330




For personal use only
                             30 November 2021               15 September 2024      30 November 2027               263,968             2.990
                             13 March 2023                  15 September 2025      13 March 2029                  632,986             0.265
                             Total                                                                              2,436,954

                        (c) NED Equity Plan Restricted Rights Holding
                        Table 23 – NED equity plan
                                                                                   Balance at                    Conversion        Balance at
                                                                                  the start of                   to ordinary       the end of
                             NED equity plan restricted rights                       the year        Granted         shares          the year

                             Diane Smith‑Gander AO                                          ‒        45,766                ‒         45,766
                             John Batistich                                                 ‒        22,883                ‒         22,883
                             Meredith Scott                                                 ‒        19,070                ‒          19,070
                             Total                                                          ‒         87,719               ‒          87,719

                        (d) Options Holding
                        No options were granted during FY23 and none of the KMP currently hold options for shares in Zip.

                        (e) Shareholding
                        Table 24 ‒ KMP shareholding
                                                                                                   Conversion
                                                                                   Balance at            from            Net       Balance at
                                                                                  the start of   performance      additions/       the end of
                             Ordinary shares                                         the year          shares    (disposals)         the year

                             Diane Smith‑Gander AO                                   40,896                ‒               ‒         40,896
                             Larry Diamond                                      55,165,522           27,097                ‒    55,192,619
                             Peter Gray                                           17,916,610        26,006        200,000        18,142,616
                             John Batistich                                         381,208                ‒               ‒       381,208
                             Meredith Scott 1                                               ‒              ‒        15,825           15,825
                             Martin Brooke                                          317,038          83,168       (130,461)         269,745

                        1.     Meredith Scott’s opening shareholding balance is as at 1 September 2022 when she commenced as a KMP.




                                                                                                                                       95
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Directors’ Report continued




                                  8.3 Other Statutory Disclosures
                                  (a) Securities Trading Policy
                                  The Zip Securities Trading Policy is featured in Zip’s Corporate Governance Statement which can
                                  be found on our website.

                                  (b) Other Transactions to KMP and their Related Parties
                                  During the year, Peter Gray invested $1,000,000 in Class C Notes in VFN2 in the Zip Master Trust.
                                  The investment was made as part of a public offer process, on the same commercial terms as
                                  offered to each of the Class C noteholders investing in VFN2 in the Zip Master Trust.




For personal use only
                                  There were no loans to/from and no other transactions in the financial year ended 30 June 2023
                                  and to the date of this report between the Company and:
                                  –   the Directors; and
                                  –   other members of KMP of the consolidated entity, including their personally related parties.

                                  (c) Use of Remuneration Consultants
                                  The Committee may seek and consider advice from external and independent advisers from
                                  time to time to assist the Committee discharge its duties, including periodically testing the
                                  market competitiveness of the remuneration policy and framework by benchmarking against
                                  comparable companies.
                                  During FY23, the Godfrey Remuneration Group (GRG) were engaged by the Committee to provide
                                  the following services:
                                  –   benchmarking regarding KMP remuneration quantum and structure; and
                                  –   support with development of the NED Equity Plan.
                                  The total fees paid to GRG during FY23 was $53,900 (including GST).
                                  The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee has procedures in place to ensure that all
                                  engagements with independent external remuneration consultants, and recommendations (if any)
                                  are free from undue influence. At times, remuneration consultants may be required to interact with
                                  management to obtain the relevant information needed to form any remuneration recommendations.
                                  In these instances, a Non‑Executive Director will always have oversight of interactions between
                                  independent consultants and management.
                                  The Board confirms that remuneration advice received during FY23 was free from undue influence
                                  because these procedures were adhered to.
                                  In addition, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) provided assistance with Zip’s equity plans, including
                                  legal and tax advice. PwC did not provide a remuneration recommendation as defined in the
                                  Corporations Act 2001 .
                                  The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section
                                  308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001 .

                                  This concludes the Remuneration Report, which has been audited.




                                  96
                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
             Annual                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Directors’ Report continued




                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS
                        The Company has indemnified the Directors and Executives of the Company for costs incurred,
                        in their capacity as a Director or Executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except
                        where there is a lack of good faith.
                        During the financial year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the
                        Directors and Executives of the Company against a liability to the extent permitted by the
                        Corporations Act 2001 . The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability
                        and the amount of the premium.




For personal use only
                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
                        The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to
                        indemnify the auditor of the Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.
                        During the financial year, the Group has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the
                        auditor of the Company or any related entity.

                        PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
                        No person has applied to the Company under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave
                        to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the
                        Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or
                        part of those proceedings.

                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES
                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the
                        financial year by the auditors are outlined in Note 24 to the financial statements.
                        During the period, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the Company’s auditor, has performed certain other
                        services in addition to their statutory duties. The Board is satisfied that the provision of those
                        non‑audit services during the period by the auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise,
                        the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 or as set out in Code of
                        Conduct APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Accounting
                        Professional & Ethical Standards Board, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s
                        own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for the Company, acting as an
                        advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks or rewards.
                        Total amount paid for non-audit services for the year amounted to $29,000 (FY22: $217,000).

                        OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY WHO ARE FORMER PARTNERS OF
                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU
                        There are no officers of the Company who are former partners of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 is set out immediately after this Directors’ report.

                        AUDITOR
                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations
                        Act 2001 .
                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a)
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 .
                        On behalf of the Directors.




                        Cynthia Scott
                        Group Chief Executive Officer
                        and Managing Director

                                                                                                                           97
                        28 September 2023
                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Auditor’s Independence
                                  Declaration

                                                                                                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                                     ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                                     Quay Quarter Tower
                                                                                                                                     50 Bridge Street
                                                                                                                                     Sydney, NSW 2000
                                                                                                                                     Australia

                                                                                                                                     Phone: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                                     www.deloitte.com.au




For personal use only
                                       The Board of Directors
                                       Zip Co Limited
                                       Level 7, 180 George Street
                                       Sydney NSW 2000




                                       28 September 2023


                                       Dear Board Members



                                                                Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Zip Co Limited

                                       In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following declaration
                                       of independence to the directors of Zip Co Limited.
                                       As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of Zip Co Limited for the financial year ended 30
                                       June 2023, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions of:


                                                   (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                                   (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                                       Yours faithfully




                                       DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                                       Mark Lumsden
                                       Partner
                                       Chartered Accountants




                                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                       Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.




                                  98
                                                                       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
             Annual                                                                                                                ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Profit or Loss and Other
                        Comprehensive Income
                        For the period ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                          Consolidated

                                                                                                                  30 June 2023     30 June 2022*
                                                                                                          Note           $’000             $’000

                            Continuing operations
                            Portfolio interest income                                                                 574,018         500,665
                            Transactional income                                                                       119,189           96,192




For personal use only
                            Revenue                                                                                  693,207          596,857
                            Other income                                                                                 4,895              797
                            Bad debts and expected credit losses                                            10      (170,239)         (257,691)
                            Bank fees and data costs                                                                 (121,759)        (107,467)
                            Interest expense                                                                 3      (164,594)          (73,828)
                            Salaries and employee benefits expenses                                                  (170,378)        (163,512)
                            Marketing expenses                                                                         (41,908)       (107,553)
                            Information technology expenses                                                            (44,416)         (43,661)
                            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                           3        (63,432)          (61,529)
                            Share‑based payments                                                                       (14,250)        (26,926)
                            Corporate financing costs                                                        3        (109,411)         (30,716)
                            Other operating expenses                                                         3        (89,667)         (60,639)
                            Impairment losses                                                                3         (14,490)      (592,857)
                            Fair value (loss)/gain on financial instruments                                  3         (61,109)       128,960
                            Share of loss of associates                                                      4           (4,740)         (8,348)
                            Loss before income tax benefit/(expense) from continuing
                            operations                                                                               (372,291)        (808,113)
                            Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                     6         36,413            (232)
                            Loss after income tax benefit/(expense) from continuing
                            operations                                                                              (335,878)        (808,345)
                            Discontinued operations
                            Loss after income tax benefit from discontinued operations                      18         (41,137)      (296,748)
                            Loss After Income Tax for the period attributable to the
                            Members of Zip Co Limited                                                                (377,015)      (1,105,093)
                            Other comprehensive income
                            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                            Foreign exchange differences on translation                                                12,912            89,625
                            Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                      12,912            89,625
                            Total Comprehensive Loss for the period attributable
                            to the Members of Zip Co Limited                                                        (364,103)       (1,015,468)
                                                                                                                         Cents             Cents

                            Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable
                            to the Members of Zip Co Limited
                            Basic loss per share                                                             7         (46.62)         (132.59)
                            Diluted loss per share                                                           7         (46.62)         (132.59)
                            Earnings per share from continuing and discontinued
                            operations attributable to the Members of Zip Co Limited
                            Basic loss per share                                                             7         (52.33)           (181.26)
                            Diluted loss per share                                                           7         (52.33)           (181.26)

                        *    Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                             Please refer to Note 18.

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should
                        be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                                                                           99
                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Consolidated Statement
                                  of Financial Position
                                  As at 30 June 2023




                                                                                                                   Consolidated

                                                                                                            30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                    Note           $’000          $’000

                                   Assets




For personal use only
                                   Cash and cash equivalents                                           8       151,955        241,326
                                   Restricted cash                                                     8       123,955            58,369
                                   Other receivables                                                   9         87,160           72,835
                                   Term deposit                                                                   7,196            3,864
                                   Customer receivables                                               10    2,596,832       2,508,124
                                   Investments at FVTPL                                                11       13,846                –
                                   Investments in associates                                           4         2,248            70,741
                                   Property, plant and equipment                                                 5,092             5,246
                                   Right‑of‑use assets                                                           18,641            3,813
                                   Intangible assets                                                  12       141,638        192,350
                                   Goodwill                                                           13      209,235         222,744
                                   Deferred tax assets                                                 6        36,969                –
                                   Total assets                                                              3,394,767      3,379,412
                                   Liabilities
                                   Trade and other payables                                           14       213,637        140,547
                                   Employee provisions                                                           8,808             9,068
                                   Deferred consideration                                             15          1,889           26,184
                                   Lease liabilities                                                              17,717           4,039
                                   Borrowings                                                         16     2,591,208     2,380,909
                                   Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes and warrants              5       327,168        380,916
                                   Total liabilities                                                         3,160,427      2,941,663
                                   Net assets                                                                  234,340        437,749
                                   Equity
                                   Issued capital                                                     17      2,121,541     2,041,496
                                   Reserves                                                                    158,551        152,385
                                   Convertible notes – equity component                                5       114,466         114,466
                                   Non‑controlling interest                                                           –            1,015
                                   Accumulated losses                                                       (2,160,218)     (1,871,613)
                                   Total equity                                                                234,340        437,749

                                  The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the
                                  accompanying notes.




                                  100
                                                                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
             Annual                                                                                                               ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Changes in Equity
                        For the period ended 30 June 2023

                                                                            Share‑      Foreign
                                                                             Based    Currency                                   Non‑
                                                                              Pay­       Trans­      Conver­     Accum­      Control­
                                                     Issued     Treasury    ments         lation        tible      ulated         ling       Total
                                                     Capital      Shares   Reserve     Reserve         Notes      Losses    Interests      Equity
                         Consolidated                 $’000        $’000     $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000       $’000       $’000

                         Balance at 1 July 2022 2,041,496        (3,345)   85,475      70,255        114,466 (1,871,613)        1,015     437,749
                         Loss after income
                         tax for the period               –           –         –             –            –    (377,015)           –    (377,015)




For personal use only
                         Other comprehensive
                         income for the period,
                         net of tax                       –           –         –       12,912             –           –            –      12,912
                         Total comprehensive
                         loss for the period              –           –         –       12,912             –    (377,015)           –    (364,103)
                         Recognition of share‑
                         based payments                   –           –     11,038            –            –           –            –      11,038
                         Transfer of share‑
                         based payments                   –           –         –             –            –           –            –           –
                         Issue of treasury
                         shares to Zip Employee
                         Share Trust                  8,538      (8,538)        –             –            –           –            –           –
                         Issue of treasury
                         shares to employees              –      10,637    (10,637)           –            –           –            –           –
                         Issue of ordinary
                         shares under share‑
                         based payment plans          9,173           –     (9,173)           –            –           –            –           –
                         Exercise of options             73           –        (73)           –            –           –            –           –
                         Issue of shares –
                         business acquisitions            –           –         –             –            –           –            –           –
                         Issue of shares –
                         capital raising             38,279           –         –             –            –           –            –     38,279
                         Issue of shares –
                         Payflex contingent
                         consideration (Note 15)        838           –         –             –            –           –            –        838
                         Issue of shares –
                         Senior convertible
                         notes conversion             4,953           –         –             –            –     88,410             –     93,363
                         Issue of shares –
                         Twisto holdback
                         considerations
                         (Note 15)                   19,965           –         –             –            –           –            –     19,965
                         Cost of issuing
                         of shares                    (1,774)         –         –             –            –           –            –       (1,774)
                         Derecognition of
                         non‑controlling
                         interests                        –           –         –             –            –           –       (1,015)     (1,015)
                         Balance at
                         30 June 2023              2,121,541     (1,246)   76,630       83,167       114,466 (2,160,218)            –    234,340

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the
                        accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                         101
                                                                                                           Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity continued




                                                                                    Share‑      Foreign
                                                                                     Based    Currency                                    Non‑
                                                                                      Pay­       Trans­       Conver­     Accum­      Control­
                                                              Issued    Treasury    ments         lation         tible      ulated         ling       Total
                                                              Capital     Shares   Reserve     Reserve          Notes      Losses    Interests      Equity
                                   Consolidated                $’000       $’000     $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000       $’000       $’000

                                   Balance at 1 July 2021 1,688,785     (10,438)   116,515     (19,370)      114,466     (766,520)           – 1,123,438
                                   Loss after income
                                   tax for the period              –          –          –            –             – (1,105,093)            – (1,105,093)




For personal use only
                                   Other comprehensive
                                   income for the
                                   period, net of tax              –          –          –     89,625               –           –            –    89,625
                                   Total comprehensive
                                   loss for the period             –          –          –     89,625               – (1,105,093)            – (1,015,468)
                                   Recognition of share‑
                                   based payments                  –          –    30,937             –             –           –            –    30,937
                                   Transfer of share‑
                                   based payments                  –          –    (41,544)           –             –           –            –    (41,544)
                                   Issue of shares –
                                   PartPay contingent
                                   consideration              6,990           –          –            –             –           –            –     6,990
                                   Issue of treasury
                                   shares to Zip
                                   Employee Share Trust       15,760    (15,760)         –            –             –           –            –           –
                                   Issue of treasury
                                   shares to employees             –     22,853    (22,853)           –             –           –            –           –
                                   Issue of ordinary
                                   shares under
                                   share‑based
                                   payment plans              19,661          –          –            –             –           –            –     19,661
                                   Exercise of options           310          –          –            –             –           –            –        310
                                   Issue of shares –
                                   business acquisitions    137,209           –      2,156            –             –           –            –    139,365
                                   Issue of shares –
                                   capital raising           172,729          –          –            –             –           –            –    172,729
                                   Issue of shares –
                                   IT development and
                                   software purchase          3,440           –       264             –             –           –            –      3,704
                                   Cost of issuing
                                   of shares                 (3,388)          –          –            –             –           –            –     (3,388)
                                   Acquisition of
                                   non‑controlling
                                   interests                       –          –          –            –             –           –        1,015      1,015
                                   Balance at
                                   30 June 2022            2,041,496     (3,345)   85,475      70,255        114,466 (1,871,613)         1,015    437,749

                                  The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the
                                  accompanying notes.




                                  102
                                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
             Annual                                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Cash Flows
                        For the period ended 30 June 2023

                                                                                                                              Consolidated

                                                                                                                      30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                              Note           $’000           $’000

                             Cash flows to operating activities
                             Revenue from customers                                                                       728,818         620,176
                             Payments to partners, suppliers and employees                                              (438,547)        (517,887)
                             Net increase in receivables                                                                (338,260)        (766,957)




For personal use only
                             Borrowing transaction costs                                                                   (2,764)           (2,390)
                             Interest received from financial institutions                                                  3,595             1,227
                             Interest paid                                                                               (161,529)        (72,404)
                             Termination payment fee                                                                      (16,340)                –
                             Acquisition of business costs                                                                       –           (14,183)
                             Net cash flow used in operating activities                                                 (225,027)        (752,418)
                             Cash flows to investing activities
                             Payments for plant and equipment                                                               (3,149)          (4,546)
                             Payments for software development                                                             (21,419)       (24,968)
                             Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed of 1                                18          5,788                 –
                             Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                      –            6,847
                             Deferred consideration                                                                        (4,047)                –
                             Payments for investments in associates                                              4         (4,324)        (72,048)
                             Increase in term deposits                                                                      (3,331)          (2,358)
                             Net cash flow used in investing activities                                                  (30,482)          (97,073)
                             Cash flows from financing activities
                             Proceeds from borrowings                                                                    757,849        1,195,390
                             Repayment of borrowings                                                                     (487,573)       (540,951)
                             Repayment of CVI Convertible Notes                                                           (53,764)                –
                             Payment for incentive in relation to the Senior Convertible
                             Notes conversion                                                                             (12,502)                –
                             Repayment of principal of lease liabilities                                                   (3,997)           (3,949)
                             Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                38,352          173,039
                             Cost of share issues                                                                           (1,774)          (3,388)
                             Net cash flow from financing activities                                                     236,591          820,141
                             Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                   (18,918)        (29,350)
                             Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning
                             of the period                                                                               299,695          330,201
                             Foreign exchange effect                                                                       (4,867)            (1,156)
                             Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end
                             of the period                                                                       8        275,910         299,695

                        1.    The Group has elected to present a statement of cash flows that analyses all cash flows in total – i.e., including both
                              continuing and discontinued operations; amounts related to discontinued operations from operating, investing and
                              financing activities are disclosed in Note 18.

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the
                        accompanying notes.



                                                                                                                                          103
                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                                  Financial Statements
                                  NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES OF THE ANNUAL REPORT
                                  (a) Business
                                  Zip is a leading player in the digital retail finance and payments industry. Established in 2013,
                                  the Group is headquartered in Sydney, Australia with operations currently providing services in
                                  4 countries around the world providing services in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United
                                  States.
                                  Following a strategic review of operations, during the financial year Zip closed operations in
                                  Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom and completed the sale of operations in Czech




For personal use only
                                  Republic, Poland, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, and the United Arab Emirates. Zip has reported the
                                  results of those operations as discontinued operations in this report.
                                  The Group provides products to both consumers and small and medium‑sized merchants (SMEs).
                                  Zip’s ordinary shares have been listed on the ASX (ASX code: ZIP) since 2015. Zip Co Limited and
                                  its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the ‘consolidated entity’
                                  or the ‘Group’ or ‘Zip’.

                                  (b) Statement of Compliance
                                  The full-year financial report is a general purpose financial report prepared in accordance with the
                                  Corporations Act 2001 , Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations, and complies with
                                  other requirements of the law.
                                  Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and
                                  notes of the consolidated entity comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
                                  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consequently, this financial
                                  report has been prepared in accordance with and complies with IFRS as issued by the IASB.
                                  The consolidated entity is a for-profit entity and the financial statements comprise the consolidated
                                  financial statements of the consolidated entity.
                                  The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on
                                  28 September 2023. The Directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial statements.

                                  (c) Basis of Preparation
                                  The Report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of certain
                                  non‑current assets and financial instruments. Cost is based on the fair values of the consideration
                                  given in exchange for assets. All amounts are presented in Australian dollars and all values are
                                  rounded to the nearest thousand ($’000), unless otherwise noted.

                                  Comparative Figures
                                  Prior Period Adjustments
                                  When necessary, comparative figures have been adjusted to comply with the changes in
                                  presentation in the current period.

                                  Discontinued Operations
                                  The financial results of businesses reclassified as discontinued operations are excluded from the
                                  results of the continuing operations and are presented as a single line item “loss after income tax
                                  benefit from discontinued operations” in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
                                  Comprehensive Income. The comparative periods are also restated. Refer to Note 18 for details.
                                  As required by AASB 5, the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is not restated when a
                                  business is reclassified as a discontinued operation.




                                  104
                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                         ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        (d) Going Concern
                        The Directors have prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements on the going concern basis,
                        which assumes continuity of normal business activities and the realisation of assets and the
                        settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.
                        The consolidated entity incurred a total comprehensive loss after tax 1 of $364.1 million (FY22:
                        $1,015.5 million) and had net cash outflows from operations of $225.0 million (FY22: $752.4 million)
                        with net cash inflows from financing activities of $236.6 million (FY22: $820.1 million) and net cash
                        outflows from investing activities of $30.5 million (FY22: $97.1 million) for the financial year ended
                        30 June 2023.




For personal use only
                        The net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash over the financial year totalled
                        $18.9 million (FY22: $29.4 million), excluding the impact of foreign exchange movements.
                        The consolidated entity’s cash outflows from operating and financing activities and inflows
                        from investing activities in the period included $63.9 million net significant non-recurring items,
                        including the following inflows and (outflows):
                        Acquisition and sale of non-core business related:
                        –    ($23.7) million of deferred payments associated with previous acquisitions made by the
                             consolidated entity;
                        –    ($16.3) million paid to Sezzle on the mutual termination of the merger agreement; and
                        –    $12.8 million received from the sale of its Eastern European (Twisto) and South African (Payflex)
                             operations, net of costs, with a further $1.1 million held back to be received over the next two
                             years subject to no adverse claims under the terms of the share sale agreement.
                        Liability management and funding related:
                        –    $36.5 million received (net of costs) to cover the Senior Convertible Notes incentive payments
                             and costs associated with the incentivised conversions and consent solicitation exercises;
                        –    ($12.5) million in incentive payments paid to Senior Convertible Note holders on the conversion
                             into ordinary shares of $70.0 million in Senior Convertible Notes in December 2022. A further
                             ($17.4) million remained in payables at 30 June 2023;
                        –    ($32.3) million of repayments deferred from prior years by CVI Investments in accordance
                             with the terms of the CVI Convertible Notes; and
                        –    ($28.4) million invested in the consolidated entity’s secured consumer debt funding programs
                             which Zip has plans underway to replace with third party funding providers.

                        Cash flows to operating activities
                        Consistent with its ongoing strategy of focusing on core markets, right sizing its global cost base,
                        and accelerating the path to profitability, the consolidated entity has taken the following actions
                        during the period to reduce net cash outflows from operating activities:
                        –    Restructured all global operations to focus on the core markets of ANZ and Americas;
                        –    Streamlined operations in the core markets to improve business efficiency and deliver cost savings;
                        –    Closed the consolidated entity’s operations in Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom;
                        –    Sold operations in Eastern Europe (Twisto), South Africa (Payflex) and the Middle East (Spotii);
                        –    Ceased the Zip Business Trade and Trade Plus products;
                        –    Commenced the wind down of Zip Business Capital;
                        –    Enhanced credit origination and collections focus, resulting in improved bad debt performance
                             in all operations, particularly in the United States; and
                        –    Repriced charges to consumers and merchants to reflect the higher cost of funding.
                        The full annualised cash flow benefit of these actions has been reflected in the consolidated entity’s
                        cash flow forecasts, which indicate an improvement in cash flows from operating activities.
                        1.   Total from both continuing and discontinued operations.


                                                                                                                              105
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Borrowings
                                  The consolidated entity’s business model is to borrow funds through secured consumer
                                  borrowing facilities to fund the consolidated entity’s receivables portfolio. As set out in Note 16,
                                  the consolidated entity has secured consumer borrowing facilities that are due to mature in
                                  the next twelve months and will need to be renewed or refinanced, or they will otherwise
                                  commence amortisation.
                                  Zip’s corporate facility ($90.0 million) matures in December 2023, and may be extended to
                                  31 March 2024 at Zip’s option. The corporate facility becomes repayable in the event Zip is
                                  unable to renew or refinance the facility beyond 31 March 2024.




For personal use only
                                  The consolidated entity engages with existing and potential new lenders on an ongoing basis
                                  and, as has been the case to date, the Directors expect that maturing borrowing facilities will
                                  be renewed with existing or new financiers.
                                  The Directors have considered the consolidated entity’s cash flow forecasts, which include the
                                  impact of the actions set out in this note to reduce cash outflows and assume the successful
                                  renewal of the consolidated entity’s maturing borrowing facilities. The Directors consider that the
                                  consolidated entity will have sufficient funding to operate as a going concern and accordingly,
                                  have concluded that it is appropriate to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements on the
                                  going concern basis and that the consolidated entity will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                  they become due and payable from operating cash flows and available finance facilities.
                                  However, in the event that the consolidated entity is unable to renew its corporate facility, secured
                                  consumer borrowing facilities and improve its cash flows from operations, a material uncertainty
                                  would exist that may cast significant doubt on the consolidated entity’s ability to continue as a
                                  going concern and, therefore, it may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in
                                  the normal course of business.
                                  The Consolidated Financial Statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability
                                  and classification of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classification of liabilities
                                  that might be necessary should the consolidated entity not continue as a going concern.

                                  (e) Adoption of New and Revised Accounting Standards
                                  The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations
                                  issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations
                                  and effective for the current financial year and that have a significant impact on the consolidated
                                  entity’s Consolidated Financial Statements. There were no new or revised Standards and
                                  Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that have
                                  materially impacted the consolidated entity’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial
                                  year ended 30 June 2023.
                                  The consolidated entity has not adopted any accounting standards that are issued but not yet
                                  effective. The consolidated entity has considered the applicability and impact of all recently
                                  issued accounting pronouncements and has determined that they were either not applicable
                                  or were not expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                  (f) Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgement
                                  In preparing this report, the consolidated entity has been required to make certain estimates
                                  and assumptions concerning future occurrences. There is an inherent risk that the resulting
                                  accounting estimates will not equate exactly with actual events and results in the future.




                                  106
                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                     ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Provision for Expected Credit Loss
                        Customer receivables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequently, they are classified and
                        measured at amortised cost.
                        An expected credit loss model is used for the assessment of impairment of customer receivables
                        under AASB 9. Expected Credit Losses (ECL) are based on the difference between the contractual
                        cash flows due in accordance with the terms of the consolidated entity’s products and all the cash
                        flows that the consolidated entity expects to receive from its customers. The expected credit
                        losses are calculated based on either twelve months or the lifetime of the customer receivables.




For personal use only
                        ECL is the product of Probability of default (PD), Exposure at default (EAD), and Loss given default
                        (LGD). LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between
                        the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
                        account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. PD constitutes a key input
                        in measuring ECL and it is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
                        calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.
                        When measuring expected credit losses the consolidated entity uses reasonable and supportable
                        forward‑looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different
                        economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other. The key source of estimation
                        uncertainty relates to the formulation and incorporation of multiple forward‑looking economic
                        scenarios into the ECL estimates to meet the measurement objective of AASB 9.
                        The ECL recognised in the Consolidated Financial Statements reflects the effect on expected credit
                        losses of a range of possible outcomes, calculated on a probability‑weighted basis, based on a
                        number of economic scenarios (including base, good and bad scenarios). These scenarios are
                        representative of Zip’s view of forecast economic conditions, sufficient to calculate an unbiased
                        ECL. The weightings used are reviewed each reporting period to ensure these remain appropriate
                        and as such are considered to represent significant accounting estimates. Judgement has been
                        applied in the assessment of the macroeconomic overlay in the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                        Refer to Note 10 for further details.

                        Impairment of Non‑Financial Assets
                        Non‑financial assets other than goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets are reviewed
                        for indicators of impairment. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets are tested for
                        impairment annually or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill and indefinite
                        life intangible assets might be impaired. If an intangible asset is recognised during the current
                        annual period, that intangible asset is tested for impairment before or at the end of the current
                        annual period.
                        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds
                        its recoverable amount.
                        Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value‑in‑use.
                        The value‑in‑use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using
                        a discount rate specific to the asset or cash‑generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
                        CGUs are defined as the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely
                        independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets. For the purpose of
                        impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash‑generating units (or groups
                        of cash‑generating units) expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
                        Intangible assets such as customer relationships and trademarks used by the consolidated entity
                        for its own activities are unlikely to generate largely independent cash inflows and are therefore
                        tested at a CGU level. Please refer to Note 13 for detailed assumptions and assessment of
                        impairment for goodwill and intangible assets.




                                                                                                                           107
                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Fair Value Measurements and Valuation Processes
                                  The consolidated entity measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value for financial reporting
                                  purposes. In estimating the fair value of these assets and liabilities, the consolidated entity
                                  uses market‑observable data to the extent it is available. Where market observable data is not
                                  available, the consolidated entity engages qualified third‑party valuers to assist with the valuation
                                  and work closely with management to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs
                                  to the valuation model. Key inputs to the valuation model for valuation of derivatives embedded in
                                  convertible notes and warrants recognised as financial liability include Zip’s share price, volatility
                                  and the risk free rate. Refer to Note 5 for details.




For personal use only
                                  (g) Principles of Consolidation
                                  The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of
                                  Zip Co Limited (‘parent entity’) as at 30 June 2023 and the results of all subsidiaries for the twelve
                                  months then ended.
                                  Subsidiaries are all entities over which the consolidated entity has control. The consolidated entity
                                  controls an entity when the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                                  from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to
                                  direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control
                                  is transferred to the consolidated entity. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
                                  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between the entities
                                  that are controlled by the consolidated entity are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
                                  unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred.

                                  (h) Segment Reporting
                                  Operating segments are presented using the ‘management approach’, where the information
                                  presented is on the same basis as the internal reports provided to the Chief Operating Decision
                                  Makers (CODM). CODM include the Non‑Executive Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operations
                                  Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The CODM are responsible for the allocation of resources to
                                  operating segments and assessing their performance.

                                  (i) Revenue Recognition
                                  Portfolio Interest Income
                                  The consolidated entity recognises portfolio interest income on customer receivables using the
                                  effective interest rate method (in accordance with AASB 9), based on estimated future cash
                                  receipts over the expected life of the financial asset. In making their judgement of the estimated
                                  future cash flows and the expected life of the customer receivables balance, the Directors have
                                  considered the historical repayment pattern of the customer receivables on a portfolio basis for
                                  each type of its products.
                                  These estimates require significant judgment and will be reviewed on an ongoing basis and where
                                  required, appropriate adjustments to the recognition of revenue will be made.
                                  The Directors consider that revenue from Merchant fees, Service fees, Monthly fees and Interest
                                  are akin to financial or portfolio interest income which should be accrued on a time proportionate
                                  basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which
                                  is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the
                                  financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.

                                  Transactional Income
                                  Transactional income includes Establishment fees, Transaction processing fees, Affiliate fees
                                  and Interchange which are recognised in accordance with AASB 15 and not considered portfolio
                                  interest income.




                                  108
                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                      ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        (j) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
                        Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions,
                        other short‑term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are
                        readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
                        changes in value.
                        Restricted cash is held by the securitisation warehouses and special purpose vehicles and is not
                        available to pay creditors of the consolidated entity.

                        (k) Intangible Assets




For personal use only
                        Software Development Asset
                        Software development costs are capitalised only when:
                        –   The technical feasibility and commercial viability or usefulness of the project is demonstrated;
                        –   The consolidated entity has an intention, ability and financial resources to complete the project
                            and use it or sell it; and
                        –   The costs can be measured reliably.
                        Such costs include payments to external contractors, any purchase of materials and equipment,
                        and the costs of employees, who are directly involved in the software project.
                        Subsequent expenditure on capitalised intangible assets is capitalised only when it increases the
                        future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure
                        is expensed as incurred.

                        Intangibles Acquired in a Business Combination
                        Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill
                        are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date.
                        Acquired intangibles are independently valued by an external valuer and their fair values are
                        recorded at initial recognition.
                        Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported
                        at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as
                        intangible assets that are acquired separately.
                        The useful life of intangible assets is assessed on the timing of the projected cash flow of
                        the relationships.

                        Intangibles Acquired Separately
                        Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less
                        accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on
                        a straight‑line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
                        method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
                        estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                        Derecognition of Intangibles
                        An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are
                        expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset,
                        measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the
                        asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                                           109
                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  (l) Goodwill
                                  Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
                                  the acquisition of the business, less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                                  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the consolidated entity’s
                                  CGUs (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
                                  Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated is (a) representing the lowest level
                                  within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes; and (b) not
                                  be larger than an operating segment determined in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments.




For personal use only
                                  A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently
                                  when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is
                                  less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
                                  of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to acquired intangibles, and then to the other assets
                                  of the unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit if further impairment is
                                  needed. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss.

                                  (m) Trade And Other Payables
                                  Trade and other payables represents the principal amounts outstanding at balance date, plus,
                                  where applicable, any accrued interest.

                                  (n) Share-Based Payments
                                  Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
                                  measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. Details regarding the
                                  determination of the fair value of equity-settled share-based transactions are set out in Note 27.
                                  The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is
                                  expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the consolidated entity’s
                                  estimate of the number of equity instruments that will eventually vest. At each reporting date,
                                  the consolidated entity revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to
                                  vest as a result of the effect of non-market based vesting conditions (no reversal of expense
                                  for market based vesting conditions). The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any,
                                  is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate,
                                  with a corresponding adjustment to reserves. Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                                  with parties other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services
                                  received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are
                                  measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity
                                  obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. Share-based payments which have
                                  been approved, but yet to be issued to the employees at the end of the reporting period, are
                                  recognised on the basis of equity-settled share-based payment transactions. For cash-settled
                                  share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured
                                  initially at the fair value of the liability. At each reporting date until the liability is settled, and at
                                  the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value
                                  recognised in profit or loss for the year.

                                  (o) Financial Instruments
                                  Initial Recognition and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Instruments
                                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the consolidated entity becomes
                                  a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.




                                  110
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Financial Assets
                        Financial assets are initially measured at fair value. Financial assets are subsequently measured
                        at amortised cost and include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, term deposits, other
                        receivables (excluding prepayments) and customer receivables. Customer receivables are
                        non‑derivative financial assets which are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method, less any impairment. Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at
                        amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Investments in equity instruments are classified
                        as investments at FVTPL, unless the consolidated entity designates an equity investment that is
                        neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business combination as at




For personal use only
                        FVTOCI on initial recognition. The consolidated entity did not have any financial assets measured
                        at FVTOCI at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022.
                        Financial assets at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                        period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not
                        part of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

                        Financial Liabilities
                        Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value.
                        Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, borrowings, deferred considerations and
                        the debt component of convertible notes, are measured subsequently at amortised cost. The
                        effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and
                        of allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
                        exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an
                        integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
                        through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the
                        amortised cost of a financial liability.
                        Financial liabilities at FVTPL, including those warrants issued which meet the definitions of a
                        financial liability in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements, are initially
                        measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. Any gains
                        or losses arise on changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss to the extent that they are
                        not part of a designated hedging relationship.

                        Classification of Debt and Equity Components
                        Convertible loan notes issued by the consolidated entity are classified as either financial liabilities
                        or equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions
                        of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
                        A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash for a variable
                        number of the Company’s own equity instruments is considered a financial liability. The conversion
                        features that fail the equity classification are accounted for as derivative financial liabilities,
                        and are accounted for separately from their host debt component. Derivatives financial liabilities
                        are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
                        subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is
                        recognised in profit or loss immediately.
                        A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash for a fixed
                        number of the Company’s own equity instruments is considered an equity component. The
                        conversion feature classified as equity is not required to be revalued at each reporting date.
                        The option derivatives embedded in the convertible notes are assessed to determine whether it is
                        to be separated from its debt host contract on the basis of the stated terms of the option feature.
                        The debt component of convertible notes is subsequently measured at amortised cost as
                        described above. The effective interest charged on the debt host contract is reported in
                        corporate financing costs.




                                                                                                                               111
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Transaction Costs
                                  Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities
                                  at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Transaction costs
                                  that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities
                                  (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added
                                  to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate,
                                  on initial recognition. Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible notes are
                                  allocated to the liability and equity components (if any) in proportion to the allocation of the gross
                                  proceeds. Transaction costs relating to the equity component are recognised directly in equity.




For personal use only
                                  Transaction costs relating to the liability component are included in the carrying amount of the
                                  liability component and are amortised over the lives of the convertible notes using the effective
                                  interest method.

                                  Derecognition of Financial Assets and Liabilities
                                  The consolidated entity derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the
                                  cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the
                                  risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the consolidated entity neither
                                  transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control
                                  the transferred asset, the consolidated entity recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
                                  associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the consolidated entity retains substantially
                                  all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the consolidated entity
                                  continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
                                  proceeds received.
                                  On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                                  asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised
                                  in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified
                                  as FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation
                                  reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in an equity
                                  instrument which the consolidated entity has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI,
                                  the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not
                                  reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.
                                  The consolidated entity derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the consolidated
                                  entity’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the
                                  carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is
                                  recognised in profit or loss. On conversion of a convertible instrument, the entity derecognises
                                  the liability component and recognises it as equity. The recognition of equity comprises a market
                                  value of the ordinary shares issued on the conversion, recorded as issued capital, and the
                                  remaining balance recorded in retained earnings being the difference between the derecognised
                                  liability component and the amount recorded in issued capital. The original equity component
                                  remains as equity. There is no gain or loss on conversion. Refer to Note 5 for details.

                                  (p) Issued Capital
                                  Ordinary shares are classified as equity and are carried at cost.
                                  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options classified as equity
                                  are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds.




                                  112
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        (q) Income Tax
                        The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on that period’s taxable
                        income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in
                        deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences, unused tax losses and
                        any adjustment recognised for prior periods, where applicable.
                        Where uncertainty exists over the income tax treatments of certain tax positions, an assessment
                        of each uncertain tax position is made based on whether it is considered probable that the
                        relevant taxation authority will accept the position. Where it is not probable, the effect of the
                        uncertainty is reflected in determining the relevant taxable profit or loss, tax bases, unused tax




For personal use only
                        losses and unused tax credits or tax rates. The consolidated entity has assessed the impact of
                        the interpretation and does not believe that there are any uncertain tax positions for which the
                        consolidated entity is required to reflect a different tax treatment in determining both current and
                        deferred taxes.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates
                        expected to be applied when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those
                        tax rates that are enacted or substantively enacted, except for:
                        –   When the deferred tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an
                            asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the
                            transaction, affects neither the accounting nor taxable profits; or
                        –   When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries and the
                            timing of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will
                            not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                        Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses
                        only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary
                        differences and losses. The consolidated entity recognised deferred tax assets arising from
                        temporary differences and tax losses to the extent required to equal deferred tax liabilities for the
                        financial years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022. In the financial year ended 30 June 2023,
                        the consolidated entity has further recognised a deferred tax asset in respect of Australian tax
                        losses as it considers there is evidence that sufficient taxable profit will arise from the Amendment
                        of the Terms of the Senior Convertible Notes following the Consent Solicitation exercise to fully
                        utilise the unused tax losses in the following financial year. This increase to deferred tax assets
                        was not subject to offsetting as there were no further deferred tax liabilities as at 30 June 2023.
                        The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
                        reporting date. Deferred tax assets recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
                        probable that future taxable profits will be available for the carrying amount to be recovered.
                        Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
                        that there are future taxable profits available to recover the asset.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to
                        offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred
                        tax liabilities; and they relate to the same taxable authority on either the same taxable entity or
                        different taxable entities which intend to settle simultaneously.

                        Tax Consolidation Legislation
                        Zip Co Limited and its wholly-owned Australian-controlled subsidiaries are members of a
                        tax-consolidated group under Australian tax law. Zip Co Limited is the head entity within the
                        tax-consolidated group.
                        In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, the head entity also recognises the
                        current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and
                        relevant tax credits of the members of the tax-consolidated group.




                                                                                                                             113
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Amounts payable or receivable under the tax-funding arrangement between the head entity and
                                  the entities in the tax consolidated group are determined using a ‘separate taxpayer within group’
                                  approach to determine the tax contribution amounts payable or receivable by each member of the
                                  tax-consolidated group. This approach results in the tax effect of transactions being recognised
                                  in the legal entity where that transaction occurred and does not tax effect transactions that
                                  have no tax consequences to the group. The same basis is used for tax allocation within the
                                  tax-consolidated group.

                                  (r) Earnings Per Share




For personal use only
                                  Basic Earnings Per Share
                                  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Zip Co
                                  Limited, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted
                                  average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus
                                  elements in ordinary shares issued during the financial year.

                                  Diluted Earnings Per Share
                                  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
                                  share to take into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs
                                  associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares
                                  assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                  (s) Recoverable Amount of Assets
                                  The carrying amounts of assets other than financial instruments and goodwill are reviewed by the
                                  Directors where there is an impairment indicator to ensure they are not in excess of the recoverable
                                  amounts (the higher of value-in-use and fair value less costs of disposal). The expected net cash
                                  flows are discounted to present values in determining recoverable amounts.

                                  (t) Foreign Currencies
                                  In preparing the consolidated financial statements of the consolidated entity, the results and financial
                                  position of each group entity are expressed in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency
                                  of the parent entity and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements.
                                  Transactions in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are
                                  recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each reporting
                                  date, monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
                                  at the rates prevailing at that date. Non‑monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
                                  in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was
                                  determined. Non‑monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                                  currency are not retranslated.
                                  For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of
                                  the consolidated entity’s foreign operations are translated at exchange rates prevailing on the
                                  reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for
                                  the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the
                                  exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
                                  recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a foreign exchange translation
                                  reserve and may be subsequently reclassified to profit and loss in a future reporting period.

                                  (u) Discontinued Operations
                                  A discontinued operation is a component of the consolidated entity that has been disposed of or
                                  is classified as held for sale and that represents a separate major line of business or geographical
                                  area of operations, is part of a single co‑ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or
                                  area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The results of
                                  discontinued operations are presented separately on the face of the Consolidated Statement
                                  of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.




                                  114
                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                 ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 2. SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        An operating segment is a component of an entity engaging in business activities from which
                        it may earn revenue and incur expenses, whose operating results are reviewed and used by
                        the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM) in assessing performance and in determining the
                        allocation of resources. Intersegment loans are eliminated on consolidation and there is no
                        aggregation of operating segments.
                        The consolidated entity had five operating segments being ANZ, Americas, EMEA, Zip Business and
                        Corporate in the year ended 30 June 2023 and in the year ended 30 June 2022, with EMEA




For personal use only
                        discontinued in the period ending 30 June 2023. The operating segments may change in the future
                        as the consolidated entity continues to re‑assess its operating model, reporting systems, and the
                        financial information presented to the CODM for decision‑making purposes. The details of the
                        operating segments are set out below and the results of each segment are reported in the table
                        that follows:

                             ANZ                 Offers BNPL instalment 1 or line of credit products 2 to consumers in Australia,
                             (previously         New Zealand and historically included the consolidated entity’s Pocketbook
                             referred            operations. Operations in Singapore were discontinued in the financial year
                             as APAC)            ended 30 June 2023.

                             Americas            Offers BNPL instalment products to customers in the US and Canada.
                                                 Operations in Mexico were discontinued in the financial year ended
                                                 30 June 2023.

                             EMEA                Offers BNPL instalment products to customers in Europe, the Middle East
                                                 and South Africa (discontinued in the financial year ended 30 June 2023).

                             Zip Business        Provides unsecured loans and lines of credit to small and medium‑sized
                                                 businesses in Australia and New Zealand. Zip ceased offering Trade and Trade
                                                 Plus products and commenced the wind down of Zip Business Capital in
                                                 Australia and New Zealand during the financial year ended 30 June 2023.

                             Corporate           Comprises group expenses benefiting all segments and are either not directly
                                                 attributable or allocated to a particular segment.

                        1.    For instalment products, a customer makes the first instalment when the transactions happen and then repays
                              the remaining instalments typically over 6 weeks. These instalments are of equal value for each order and are
                              interest‑free.
                        2.    Line of credit products offer customers a flexible customer loan that consists of a defined amount of money that
                              customer can access as needed and repay either immediately or over time.

                        The consolidated entity made a reclassification across operating segments due to discontinued
                        operations. These changes have resulted in changes to the presentation of the statement of profit
                        or loss and other comprehensive income of the affected segments including current and prior
                        reporting periods.




                                                                                                                                        115
                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                                                          Zip
                                                                                            ANZ      Americas       Business     Corporate           Total
                                       Financial year ended 30 June 2023                  $’000         $’000          $’000         $’000          $’000

                                       Revenue                                         367,801      309,408          15,998              –      693,207
                                       Cost of sales 1                                (251,604)     (182,760)       (17,280)             –     (451,644)
                                       Gross profit                                     116,197      126,648         (1,282)             –      241,563
                                       Other income                                      3,843            297           416           339         4,895
                                       Operating expenses                             (111,638)     (158,579)         (4,517)     (49,647)     (324,381)




For personal use only
                                       Effective interest charged
                                       on convertible notes                                   –              –             –      (78,079)      (78,079)
                                       Segment EBTDA (excluding
                                       reconciling items)                                8,402        (31,634)       (5,383)     (127,387)     (156,002)
                                       Depreciation of right‑of‑use assets               (2,792)             –             –             –        (2,792)
                                       Depreciation of PP&E                              (1,853)         (539)            (3)            –       (2,395)
                                       Amortisation of intangibles                     (11,096)       (46,519)         (630)             –      (58,245)
                                       Segment loss before
                                       income tax                                        (7,339)     (78,692)        (6,016)     (127,387)     (219,434)
                                       Reconciling corporate items
                                       from operating to statutory loss:
                                       Share‑based payments                                                                                      (14,250)
                                       Termination payment fee                                                                                  (16,340)
                                       Incentives conversion –
                                       incentive payments                                                                                       (29,856)
                                       Share of loss of associates                                                                                (4,740)
                                       Fair value loss on financial
                                       instruments                                                                                               (61,109)
                                       Impairment losses                                                                                         (14,490)
                                       Loss on derecognition of
                                       financial assets                                                                                          (3,069)
                                       Loss on derecognition of
                                       financial liabilities                                                                                      (7,037)
                                       Professional services fees paid for
                                       the conversion and restructuring
                                       of the Senior Convertible Notes                                                                            (1,966)
                                       Loss before income tax for
                                       continuing operations                                                                                   (372,291)
                                       Loss before income tax for
                                       discontinued operations (Note 18)                                                                         (41,324)
                                       Loss before income tax from
                                       continuing and discontinued
                                       operations                                                                                               (413,615)

                                  1.     Cost of sales comprises Interest expense related to customer receivables (refer to Note 3), Bad debts and
                                         expected credit losses, and Bank fees and data costs which are presented in the Statement of Profit or Loss.




                                  116
                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                   ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                                                 Zip
                                                                                  ANZ*     Americas*       Business     Corporate*           Total*
                             Financial year ended 30 June 2022                   $’000        $’000           $’000          $’000           $’000

                             Revenue                                          297,351      282,634          16,872               –      596,857
                             Cost of sales 1                                (200,399)     (226,266)         (12,321)             –     (438,986)
                             Gross profit                                     96,952         56,368           4,551              –        157,871
                             Other income                                         726              5              4             62            797
                             Operating expenses                              (109,164)     (171,560)       (12,090)       (45,523)     (338,337)




For personal use only
                             Effective interest charged
                             on convertible notes                                    –             –              –       (29,929)       (29,929)
                             Global re‑branding project costs                        –             –              –       (20,343)       (20,343)
                             Segment EBTDA (excluding
                             reconciling items)                               (11,486)      (115,187)       (7,535)       (95,733)      (229,941)
                             Depreciation of right‑of‑use assets               (3,140)         (607)              –              –         (3,747)
                             Depreciation of PP&E                              (1,989)         (207)             (5)             –         (2,201)
                             Amortisation of intangibles                      (12,135)      (42,275)          (1,171)            –       (55,581)
                             Segment loss before income tax                   (28,750)     (158,276)         (8,711)      (95,733)      (291,470)
                             Reconciling corporate items from
                             operating to statutory loss:
                             Share‑based payments                                                                                        (26,926)
                             Acquisition of business costs                                                                                (17,472)
                             Share of loss of associates                                                                                  (8,348)
                             Fair value gain on financial
                             instruments                                                                                                128,960
                             Impairment losses                                                                                         (592,857)
                             Loss before income tax for
                             continuing operations                                                                                      (808,113)
                             Loss before income tax for
                             discontinued operations (Note 18)                                                                          (297,292)
                             Loss before income tax from
                             continuing and discontinued
                             operations                                                                                               (1,105,405)

                        1.     Cost of sales comprises Interest expense related to customer receivables (refer to Note 3), Bad debts and
                               expected credit losses, and Bank fees and data costs which are presented in the Consolidated Statement
                               of Profit or Loss.
                        *      Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                               Please refer to Note 18.




                                                                                                                                          117
                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  NOTE 3. EXPENDITURE
                                                                                                                                     Consolidated

                                                                                                                             30 June 2023   30 June 2022*
                                                                                                                                    $’000           $’000

                                      Loss before income tax from continuing operations includes the
                                      following specific expenses:
                                      Interest expense:
                                      Interest expense related to customer receivables                                          159,646             73,828




For personal use only
                                      Interest expense related to funding for operations                                           4,948                  –
                                      Total interest expense                                                                    164,594             73,828
                                      Depreciation and amortisation expenses:
                                      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                2,395              2,201
                                      Depreciation of right‑of‑use assets                                                          2,792              3,747
                                      Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                       40,448             40,401
                                      Amortisation of internally generated IT development and software                             17,797           15,180
                                      Total depreciation and amortisation expenses                                               63,432             61,529
                                      Corporate financing costs:
                                      Effective interest charged on convertible notes (normal course)                            29,058             29,929
                                      Effective interest charged on convertible notes (accelerated)                               49,021                  –
                                      Interest on leasing liabilities                                                                 65                152
                                      Incentivised conversion – incentive payments                                               29,856                   –
                                      Other corporate financing costs                                                               1,411              635
                                      Total corporate financing costs                                                            109,411            30,716
                                      Other operating expenses:
                                      Occupancy expense                                                                            4,214              2,772
                                      Termination payment fee                                                                     16,340                  –
                                      Acquisition of business costs                                                                     –            17,472
                                      Loss on derecognition of financial assets                                                    3,069                  –
                                      Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities (Note 5)                                      7,037                  –
                                      Professional services fees                                                                  25,182            27,916
                                      Other operating expenses                                                                   33,825             12,479
                                      Total other operating expenses                                                             89,667             60,639
                                      Impairment losses:
                                      Impairment of goodwill (Note 13)                                                              2,112       590,130
                                      Impairment of intangibles (Note 12)                                                          7,723              2,727
                                      Impairment of investment in associates (Note 4)                                              4,655                  –
                                      Total impairment losses                                                                     14,490        592,857
                                      Fair value loss (gain) on financial instruments:
                                      Fair value loss (gain) on embedded derivative and warrants (Note 5)                          8,263        (118,978)
                                      Fair value loss (gain) on investment at FVTPL (Note 11)                                    52,846               (1,481)
                                      Fair value gain on investment on acquisition                                                      –           (8,501)
                                      Fair value loss (gain) on financial instruments                                             61,109       (128,960)

                                  *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                        Please refer to Note 18.




                                  118
                                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                     ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 4. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                                       Hemenal A.Ş.
                                                                                      TendoPay          ZestMoney1       Finansman     Consolidated
                                                                                         $’000               $’000            $’000           $’000

                             Balance at 30 June 2022                                      5,307           65,434                  –          70,741
                             Recognition of pre‑existing investment                            –                   –         1,434            1,434
                             Additional investments                                            –                   –         4,324           4,324
                             Share of loss of associates                                  (1,147)              (83)         (3,510)          (4,740)




For personal use only
                             Foreign exchange gain                                          495                114                –            609
                             Derecognition of pre‑existing investment                          –         (65,465)                 –        (65,465)
                             Impairment of investments                                    (4,655)                  –              –         (4,655)
                             Balance at 30 June 2023                                           –                   –         2,248           2,248

                        1.     The investment in ZestMoney has been derecognised from an investment in an associate and has been recognised
                               as an investment at FVTPL.

                        The associates of the consolidated entity existing during the year ended 30 June 2023 are
                        detailed in the following table. The associates listed below have share capital consisting solely
                        of ordinary shares, which are held directly by the consolidated entity’s controlled subsidiaries.
                        The proportion of ownership interest is the same as the proportion of voting rights held.
                        The consolidated entity has accounted for investments in associates using the equity method.
                                                                                                                         % of Ownership Interest

                                                              Location of Incorporation    Location of Principal       30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                             Associates during the year       of Holding Company           of Business                            %               %

                             TendoPay                         Singapore                    Philippines                     35.00%          35.00%
                             ZestMoney                        Singapore                    India                           10.20%           10.20%
                             Hemenal Finansman A.Ş.           Turkey                       Turkey                          50.20%          60.00%


                        TendoPay
                        At 30 June 2023, the consolidated entity held a 35% interest in TendoPay. The consolidated entity
                        accounts for the investment in TendoPay as an associate due to the consolidated entity’s ability to
                        exercise significant influence.
                        For the period ended 30 June 2023, a share of loss of $1.1 million and an unrealised foreign
                        exchange gain of $0.4 million were recorded. In November 2022, TendoPay disposed of its
                        operating subsidiary at a loss. The consolidated entity revalued its investment in TendoPay and
                        has recorded an impairment charge of $4.7 million and brought down the value of investment in
                        TendoPay to Nil at 30 June 2023.


                        ZestMoney
                        From 1 July 2022 to 26 August 2022, the investment in ZestMoney was measured as an investment
                        in an associate. For the period up to 26 August 2022, Zip’s share of the loss of ZestMoney was
                        $0.1 million and an unrealised foreign exchange gain of $0.1 million was recorded, resulting in the
                        carrying amount of the consolidated entity’s investment in ZestMoney being recorded at
                        $65.4 million as at 26 August 2022.
                        On 26 August 2022, the consolidated entity waived the conditional right to increase its shareholding
                        in relation to its investment in ZestMoney. The waiver of such conditional right resulted in the
                        consolidated entity no longer having any significant influence over ZestMoney. The investment has
                        been reclassified to an investment at FVTPL (Note 11) on this basis from 26 August 2022 onwards.



                                                                                                                                           119
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Hemenal Finansman A.Ş.
                                  Zip’s investment in Hemenal Finansman A.Ş. was derecognised as a subsidiary and was recognised
                                  as an investment in an associate during the year ended 30 June 2023, due to Zip no longer
                                  exercising control over the investee. A share of loss of $3.5 million has been recorded for the year
                                  ended 30 June 2023.


                                  NOTE 5. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ‒ CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND WARRANTS
                                  Reconciliation of Financial Impact of Issue of the Convertible Notes and Warrants




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                              $’000            $’000

                                   Debt hosts:
                                   –   CVI Convertible Notes issued on 1 September 2020                                    46,932           73,643
                                   –   Senior Convertible Notes issued on 23 April 2021                                    277,873        305,294
                                   Total debt hosts                                                                       324,805          378,937
                                   Embedded derivative:
                                   –   CVI Convertible Notes issued on 1 September 2020                                       1,314           1,851
                                   Warrants:
                                   –   Warrants issued on 1 September 2020                                                   1,049              128
                                   Total financial liabilities component                                                   327,168         380,916
                                   Equity component:
                                   –   Senior Convertible Notes issued 23 April 2021                                       114,466         114,466
                                   Total equity component                                                                  114,466         114,466

                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                         Financial                                        Liabilities    Convertible
                                                                          Liability      Financial        Financial    – Convertible          Notes
                                                                      – Embedded          Liability        Liability      Notes and         – Equity
                                                                        Derivative     – Warrants     – Debt Hosts         Warrants      Component
                                                                             $’000           $’000            $’000           $’000            $’000

                                   30 June 2021                            60,643         60,314        349,008           469,965          114,466
                                   Effective interest
                                   on convertible notes                          –               –        29,929           29,929                 –
                                   Fair value gain recognised              (58,792)     (60,186)                  –       (118,978)               –
                                   30 June 2022                              1,851            128        378,937          380,916          114,466
                                   Effective interest on
                                   convertible notes                             –               –        78,079            78,079                –
                                   Fair value loss recognised                7,342            921                 –          8,263                –
                                   Repayment of CVI
                                   Convertible Notes                        (7,879)              –       (38,848)          (46,727)               –
                                   Conversion of Senior
                                   Convertible Notes                             –               –       (93,363)         (93,363)                –
                                   30 June 2023                              1,314         1,049        324,805            327,168         114,466




                                  120
                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                         ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        CVI Convertible Notes and Warrants Issued on 1 September 2020
                                                                                                                Number          Number
                                             Issue Date         Expiry Date         Conversion Price             Issued       Remaining

                         CVI Convertible     1 September        1 September         As detailed
                         Notes               2020               2025                below                        1,000             500
                                             1 September        1 September         As detailed
                         Warrants            2020               2023                below                 19,365,208       19,365,208




For personal use only
                        On 1 September 2020, Zip issued 1,000 convertible notes (referred to as CVI Convertible Notes) and
                        19,365,208 warrants to CVI Investments, Inc. (CVI), an affiliate of Heights Capital Management,
                        which is part of the US‑based Susquehanna International Group.
                        On initial recognition, the CVI Convertible Notes included a debt component reported as a financial
                        liability measured at amortised cost, and a conversion option considered an embedded derivative
                        measured at FVTPL. The warrants issued to CVI are classified as financial liabilities measured at FVTPL.


                        Debt Component and Embedded Derivative
                        The CVI Convertible Notes have a face value of $100,000 each. The convertible notes have
                        a maturity of 5 years from issue and bear interest payable semi‑annually at a fixed amount
                        of $0.75 million. The conversion price of the convertible notes varies based on movements in
                        Zip’s share price subject to a floor and a ceiling price. The initial conversion price was $5.5328,
                        representing a 50% premium to the 1‑day volume weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the
                        Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) on 29 May 2020 (the last trading day prior to the announcement
                        of the convertible note raising). The conversion price resets semi‑annually to a price equal to
                        93% of the then prevailing current market price of Zip’s shares on the ASX, subject to a minimum
                        floor price of $1.8443 and a maximum price equal to the initial conversion price of $5.5328.
                        As a result of the semi‑annual conversion price reset on 1 September 2022, the conversion price
                        of the convertible notes has been adjusted to $1.8443, being the floor price, pursuant to their
                        terms. The conversion price remained at $1.8443 at 30 June 2023, due to Zip’s share price being
                        lower than the floor price on 1 March 2023 (semi‑annual conversion price reset date) and the price
                        of Placement shares issued on 14 June 2023 being lower than the floor price.
                        At each Instalment date (commencing on the date falling 6 months after 1 September 2020
                        and every 6 months thereafter up to and including the maturity date on 1 September 2025),
                        the noteholder has the option to elect, in respect of $10.0 million of the convertible notes,
                        together with any previously deferred amounts and any accrued and unpaid interest, to either:
                        –   defer the conversion of the instalment amount to a later instalment date (up until the maturity date);
                        –   subject to certain conditions being met, to convert the instalment amount into Zip’s shares; or
                        –   subject to certain conditions being met, to receive an amount of cash equal to the applicable
                            instalment amount due on such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest as at the applicable
                            instalment date.
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, no CVI Convertible Notes have been converted.
                        Under the terms of the convertible notes, a payment of $43.0 million was made to CVI on
                        1 September 2022 and a payment of $10.8 million was made on 1 March 2023. Zip has cancelled
                        500 of the 1,000 CVI Convertible Notes on this basis. Following the repayment, 500 CVI Convertible
                        Notes remained outstanding at 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                                121
                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  As a result of the repayment on 1 September 2022 and on 1 March 2023, Zip derecognised 50% of
                                  the financial liabilities in relation to the embedded derivative options feature ($7.9 million) and the
                                  carrying amount of the debt host ($38.9 million), resulting in a loss of $7.0 million on derecognition
                                  of these financial liabilities, which is the difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                                  liabilities before extinguishment and the repayment amount of $53.8 million.
                                  Due to the repayment made on 1 September 2022 and on 1 March 2023, Zip also revised its
                                  estimation on probability of future instalments repayments and adjusted the carrying amount of
                                  the debt host at the respective repayment dates to reflect the revised estimated future cash
                                  flows. Accordingly, an additional effective interest of $5.7 million has been recorded to reflect the




For personal use only
                                  acceleration of the accrued effective interest. As a result, total effective interest of $12.2 million in
                                  relation to CVI Convertible Notes has been recorded for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                                  Zip has reported a financial liability in relation to the underlying debt component of the CVI
                                  Convertible Notes of $46.9 million, being the carrying amount of $73.6 million at 30 June 2022,
                                  adding an effective interest of $12.2 million and less extinguishment of debt host of $38.9 million,
                                  recorded for the year ended 30 June 2023.
                                  The remaining embedded derivative was revalued at 30 June 2023 in accordance with Accounting
                                  Standard AASB 9 Financial Instruments. Following the revaluation at 30 June 2023, the remaining
                                  embedded derivative was valued at a fair value of $1.3 million using the Black Scholes option
                                  valuation model. The option fair value has been based on a closing Zip’s share price at
                                  30 June 2023 of $0.41, volatility of 80%, and a risk free rate of 3.49%.
                                  A fair value loss of $7.3 million was recorded to reflect the fair value movement of the embedded
                                  derivatives during the financial year.


                                  Warrants
                                  The warrants issued to CVI were issued for Nil cash consideration, have a 3‑year exercise period
                                  and have a variable exercise price being the lower of $5.1639 and the price of any equity securities
                                  issued by Zip (excluding issues for prescribed business as usual and agreed strategic transactions).
                                  As a result of the Zip’s Equity Placement in June 2023, the exercise price of the warrants issued
                                  to CVI has been adjusted to $0.47, pursuant to their terms.
                                  The warrants were revalued at 30 June 2023 in accordance with Accounting Standard AASB 9
                                  Financial Instruments. Following the revaluation at 30 June 2023, the warrants were valued at a
                                  fair value of $1.0 million using the Black Scholes option valuation model. The fair value has been
                                  based on Zip’s closing share price at 30 June 2023 of $0.41, volatility of 80%, and a risk free rate of
                                  3.35%. The different risk free rates used for the valuation of the remaining embedded derivative
                                  and the warrants reflect the different expiry dates of the instruments.
                                  A fair value loss of $0.9 million has been recorded for the warrants, being the movement in the fair
                                  value of the warrants between 1 July 2022 and 30 June 2023.
                                  Fair value gains in relation to the embedded derivative and warrants recognised in the financial
                                  year ended 30 June 2022 totalled $119.0 million.




                                  122
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Senior Convertible Notes Issued on 23 April 2021
                                                                                                              Number          Number
                                               Issue Date       Expiry Date     Conversion Price               Issued       Remaining

                         Senior Convertible
                         Notes                 23 April 2021    23 April 2028   As detailed below             2,000             1,451

                        Zip issued $400.0 million zero coupon senior convertible notes (referred to as Senior Convertible
                        Notes) on 23 April 2021, which are listed on the Singapore Securities Trading Exchange (SGX‑ST).
                        The Senior Convertible Notes have a 7‑year maturity with an option for investors to put the Senior




For personal use only
                        Convertible Notes back to Zip after 4 years at 109.36% of the principal amount. The yield is 2.25%
                        per annum calculated on a semi‑annual basis. At maturity, noteholders have the option of
                        converting the Senior Convertible Notes into Zip’s ordinary shares at a share price of $12.39
                        (adjusted in accordance with standard anti‑dilutive provisions) or redeeming the notes at 116.96%
                        of the principal amount. The conversion price was adjusted to $12.0576 during the financial year
                        2022 and remained at $12.0576 at 30 June 2023.
                        On initial recognition, the Senior Convertible Notes contained two components, a debt contract
                        and a separate conversion feature. The debt contract is classified as a financial liability measured
                        at amortised cost and the conversion feature is classified as equity in accordance with AASB 132.
                        The investor put option is not separated and is accounted for as part of the debt host contract at
                        amortised cost.
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Zip completed liability management exercises to
                        convert $109.8 million of the $400.0 million Senior Convertible Notes on issue.
                        The Senior Convertible Notes were converted at a conversion price of $12.0576 per share and the
                        conversion resulted in the issuance of 9.1 million shares and incentive payments of $29.9 million in
                        cash to noteholders ($17.4 million remained payable at 30 June 2023. Refer to Note 14). The cash
                        incentive payments, and other transaction costs, were funded by Equity Placements raising a total
                        of $38.3 million ($36.5 million net of issuance costs). Under the Equity Placements, Zip Co issued
                        21,956,476 fully paid ordinary shares on 19 December 2022 at a fixed price of $0.62 and issued
                        52,479,860 fully paid ordinary shares on 15 June 2023 at a fixed price of $0.47.
                        The offer to Noteholders comprised 27.45% of the outstanding notes that were originally issued
                        (being $109.8 million out of the total $400.0 million program).
                        The incentive of $29.9 million offered by Zip to its participating Noteholders ($12.5 million paid in
                        December 2022 and $17.4 million remained payable at 30 June 2023, in relation to incentivised
                        conversions in December 2022 and June 2023 respectively) was provided as an incentive to
                        convert the notes, and this amount has been recorded as corporate financing costs in the
                        financial year ended 30 June 2023.


                        Debt Component
                        A conversion of a convertible note is considered a derecognition of the liability component.
                        Upon conversion in December 2022, Zip also revised its estimation on probability of the Put
                        redemption in April 2025 and adjusted the carrying amount of the debt host in December 2022
                        to reflect the revised estimated future cash flow. Accordingly, an additional effective interest
                        of $43.3 million has been recorded to reflect the acceleration of the accrued effective interest.
                        As a result, total effective interest of $65.9 million in relation to Senior Convertible Notes has
                        been recorded for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                        At 30 June 2023, Zip has reported a financial liability in relation to the underlying debt component
                        of the Senior Convertible Notes of $277.9 million, comprising the carrying value of debt component of
                        $305.3 million at 30 June 2022, less the derecognised debt component of $93.3 million and adding
                        accrued effective interest of $65.9 million, recorded in the financial year ended 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                             123
                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Equity Component
                                  The equity component of the Senior Convertible Notes remained at $114.5 million at 30 June 2023,
                                  which is in accordance with AASB 9 in that Zip is not required to revalue the conversion feature
                                  recorded as equity at each reporting date.
                                  In June 2023, Zip announced a Consent Solicitation of the Senior Convertible Notes and the
                                  existing holders of the outstanding Senior Convertible Notes have approved certain amendments
                                  to the terms and conditions of the Senior Convertible Notes. The amendments to the Senior
                                  Convertible Notes took effect following execution of the Amending Documents on 31 July 2023.
                                  In addition, shareholders approved the physical settlement of the Senior Convertible Notes at




For personal use only
                                  the Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders (“EGM”) held on 31 July 2023. The financial
                                  impact of the Consent Solicitation did not impact the Consolidated Financial Statements to
                                  30 June 2023 and an assessment of the impact on the financial statements to financial year
                                  ended 30 June 2024 is detailed as a subsequent event in Note 28.


                                  NOTE 6. TAXATION
                                  Income Tax
                                                                                                                                       Consolidated

                                                                                                                               30 June 2023   30 June 2022*
                                                                                                                                      $’000           $’000

                                      Numerical reconciliation of income tax and tax at the statutory rate
                                      Loss before income tax from continuing operations                                           (372,291)      (808,113)
                                      Tax at the Australian statutory tax rate of 30%                                             (111,687)      (242,434)
                                      Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable)
                                      in calculating taxable income:
                                      –    Share‑based payments                                                                          71              337
                                      –    Non‑deductible expenses                                                                 23,239             10,709
                                      –    Non‑assessable/deductible fair value loss/(gain)                                         15,486            (2,500)
                                      –    Impairment losses                                                                         2,288         176,744
                                      –    Assessable TOFA gain on financial instruments                                            23,792                 –
                                      –    Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating
                                           in other jurisdictions                                                                    4,250             5,803
                                                                                                                                   (42,561)           (51,341)
                                      Current year tax losses not recognised                                                         6,377            64,799
                                      Initial recognition of prior year tax losses                                                (30,669)                 –
                                      Movement in temporary differences not recognised                                              19,431         (16,427)
                                      Movement in temporary differences recognised                                                  11,009              3,201
                                      Income tax (benefit)/expense from continuing operations                                      (36,413)              232
                                      Loss before income tax from discontinued operations                                          (41,324)      (297,292)
                                      Income tax benefit from discontinued operations                                                 (187)             (544)

                                  *       Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                          Please refer to Note 18.




                                  124
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Deferred Tax
                        The consolidated entity has recognised deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences
                        and tax losses to equal deferred tax liabilities to the extent required to equal deferred tax
                        liabilities. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were offset in the Consolidated Statement
                        of Financial Position at the current and the prior year end, to the extent they are levied by the
                        same taxing authority on the same entity or different entities within a tax consolidated group.
                        In the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Zip has further recognised a deferred tax asset in
                        respect of Australian tax losses as it considers there is evidence that sufficient taxable profit will
                        arise from the Amendment of the Terms of the Senior Convertible Notes following the Consent




For personal use only
                        Solicitation exercise (refer to Note 28) to fully utilise the unused tax losses in the following
                        financial year.
                                                                                                                              Consolidated

                                                                                                                     30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                            $’000            $’000

                            Deferred tax assets comprising temporary differences attributable to:
                            –    Provision for expected credit losses                                                       47,771           45,967
                            –    Other provision and payables                                                             49,687             41,746
                            –    Fair value movements on financial instruments                                                 (79)       (10,985)
                            Deferred tax assets comprising tax losses:                                                   128,757          119,672
                            Less: Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                            (153,877)        (157,353)
                            Deferred tax assets (recognised from temporary difference)
                            before set off                                                                                72,259             39,047
                            Set off deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set‑off provisions                              (35,290)         (39,047)
                            Net deferred tax assets                                                                       36,969                 –
                            Deferred tax liabilities comprise temporary differences attributable to:                             –               –
                            –    Acquired intangibles and other                                                            26,767            39,047
                            –    Financial instruments                                                                      8,523                –
                            Deferred tax liabilities before set off                                                       35,290             39,047
                            Set off deferred tax assets pursuant to set‑off provisions                                   (35,290)         (39,047)
                            Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                         –               –



                        NOTE 7. LOSS PER SHARE
                        (a) Reconciliation of Earnings Used in Calculating Loss Per Share
                                                                                                                              Consolidated

                                                                                                                     30 June 2023     30 June 2022*
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000

                            Loss attributable to the Members of the Zip Co Limited used in
                            calculating basic and diluted loss per share
                            Continuing operations                                                                       (335,878)       (808,345)
                            Discontinued operations                                                                       (41,137)      (296,748)
                                                                                                                         (377,015)     (1,105,093)

                        *       Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                                Please refer to Note 18.




                                                                                                                                          125
                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  (b) Weighted Average Number of Shares Used as the Denominator
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                     ’000            ’000

                                       Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
                                       denominator in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share                          720,403         609,679


                                  (c) Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023   30 June 2022*
                                                                                                                                    Cents           Cents

                                       Basic loss per share                                                                       (46.62)        (132.59)
                                       Diluted loss per share1                                                                    (46.62)        (132.59)

                                  1.    As the consolidated entity reported losses for the year ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022, no dilutive shares
                                        have been included in the EPS calculation.
                                  *     Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current year. Please refer to
                                        Note 18.


                                  (d) Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations and Discontinued Operations
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                    Cents           Cents

                                       Basic loss per share                                                                       (52.33)          (181.26)
                                       Diluted loss per share1                                                                    (52.33)          (181.26)

                                  1.    As the consolidated entity reported losses for the year ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022, no dilutive shares
                                        have been included in the EPS calculation.



                                  NOTE 8. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                                                                    Consolidated

                                                                                                                            30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                151,955         241,326
                                       Restricted cash                                                                          123,955            58,369
                                                                                                                                275,910        299,695

                                  At 30 June 2023 the consolidated entity had cash of $275.9 million of which $124.0 million was
                                  restricted cash (30 June 2022: cash of $299.7 million of which $58.4 million was restricted cash).
                                  Restricted cash is held by the securitisation warehouses and special purpose vehicles and is not
                                  available to pay creditors of the consolidated entity.
                                  The consolidated entity holds balances (30 June 2023: $95.4 million, 30 June 2022: $95.7 million)
                                  that are reported as cash and cash equivalents and either provide initial funding for transactions
                                  on Zip’s virtual card or physical card products or provide a float to support such transactions.
                                  Zip considers both of these amounts as unavailable, and together with the $124.0 million in
                                  reported restricted cash are not included in the balances Zip considers as available cash to
                                  fund operations (unavailable cash 30 June 2023: $219.4 million, 30 June 2022: $154.1 million).




                                  126
                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Zip invests funds in its securitisation warehouses and when required withdraws funds in
                        excess of those required to meet subordination requirements to fund its operations, drawing
                        a corresponding amount from funding providers (30 June 2023: $0.8 million, 30 June 2022:
                        $80.0 million). Zip considers this amount to be available cash to fund operations.
                        Available cash and liquidity is determined as:
                                                                                                                                  Consolidated

                                                                                                                          30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000




For personal use only
                             Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                       275,914         299,695
                             Less: unavailable cash
                             –    Restricted cash                                                                            (123,955)         (58,369)
                             –    Operational floats                                                                          (95,400)           (95,710)
                             Add: excess invested securitisation warehouses and
                             special purpose vehicles                                                                              759           79,967
                             Available cash                                                                                     57,318        225,583
                             Available corporate funding                                                                              –        53,000
                             Total cash and liquidity                                                                           57,318        278,583


                        Reconciliation of Loss After Income Tax to Net Cash from Operating Activities1
                                                                                                                          30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000

                             Loss after income tax for the year                                                              (377,015)      (1,105,093)
                             Adjustments for:
                             Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                            66,956            68,645
                             Share‑based payments                                                                              12,595            30,937
                             Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities                                                      7,037                 –
                             Share of loss of associates                                                                         4,740            8,348
                             Fair value movements on financial instruments                                                      61,109        (128,960)
                             Effective interest charged on convertible notes                                                   78,079            29,929
                             Impairment losses                                                                                 35,258            821,111
                             Incentivised conversion – incentive payments                                                      29,856                  –
                             Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                   (6,725)                –
                             Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                             Movement in customer receivables                                                                (159,646)       (490,852)
                             Movement in other receivables                                                                    (15,855)         (40,213)
                             Movement in other payables                                                                        75,733            51,247
                             Movement in employee provisions                                                                      (180)           2,980
                             Movement in deferred tax balances                                                                (36,969)             (497)
                             Net cash from operating activities                                                              (225,027)        (752,418)

                        1.       The consolidated entity has elected to present the reconciliation to operating activities in total – i.e., including both
                                 continuing and discontinued operations. Amounts related to discontinued operations from operating, investing and
                                 financing activities are disclosed in Note 18.




                                                                                                                                               127
                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  NOTE 9. OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                        Consolidated

                                                                                                                 30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                                        $’000          $’000

                                      Amounts due from payment platform providers                                    40,859            38,232
                                      Prepayments                                                                     10,098           11,005
                                      Accrued income                                                                  15,444           12,785




For personal use only
                                      Other receivables                                                               20,759           10,813
                                      Total                                                                           87,160           72,835



                                  NOTE 10. CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES
                                  AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                                  Under AASB 9, customer receivables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequently, they are
                                  classified and measured at amortised cost as:
                                  –    The consolidated entity provides accounts with lines of credit and instalments products to
                                       customers, and the business model is to hold such accounts and collect contractual cash
                                       flows until the account is closed; and
                                  –    The contractual terms of the accounts give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
                                       solely payments of principal and “effective interest” and permit customers to vary the dates
                                       and frequency of payments.


                                  Impairment
                                  AASB 9 requires recognition of expected credit losses based on unbiased forward‑looking
                                  information and is applicable to all financial assets at amortised cost and loan commitments.
                                  The guidance requires assets to be classified into the following three stages:
                                  –    Stage 1: instruments that have not had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                       recognition or that have low credit risk at the reporting date. For these assets, 12‑month
                                       expected credit losses (ECL) are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated
                                       on the gross carrying amount of the asset. 12‑month ECL are the expected credit losses that
                                       result from default events that are expected within 12 months after the reporting date.
                                  –    Stage 2: instruments that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                       recognition but that do not have objective evidence of impairment. For these assets, lifetime
                                       ECL are recognised, but “effective interest” revenue is still calculated on the gross carrying
                                       amount of the asset. Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses that result from all possible
                                       default events over the expected life of the financial instrument.
                                  –    Stage 3: includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting
                                       date. For these assets, lifetime ECL are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated
                                       on the net carrying amount.




                                  128
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Expected Credit Losses
                        The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                        (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                        of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted based on
                        forward‑looking information as described in this note. The exposure at default is estimated on
                        gross customer receivables at the reporting date, adjusted for expected repayments and future
                        drawdowns up to the point the exposure is expected to be in default.


                        Significant Increase in Credit Risk Since Initial Recognition




For personal use only
                        The provisioning model utilises customer receivables 30 days past due for its line of credit
                        products or 14 days past due for its instalment products as criteria to identify significant increases
                        in credit risk.


                        Definition of Default and Credit – Impaired Assets
                        Where there has been objective evidence of impairment for a customer receivable, the allowance
                        will be based on lifetime expected credit losses. A customer receivable will be considered in
                        default at 90 days past due for its line of credit products or 42 days past due for its instalment
                        products, and/or when the consolidated entity is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
                        amount in full based on internal or external indicators.


                        Write‑Off Policy
                        The consolidated entity’s policy is to write off balances that are outstanding for over 180 days
                        for its line of credit products or 84 days for its instalment products, in accordance with historical
                        experience and industry practice. The consolidated entity’s instalment product has a short‑term
                        duration for customer repayments, typically 42 days.


                        Provisioning Model
                        In determining the appropriate level of provision for expected credit losses, the consolidated
                        entity has considered receivables attributable to each of its product offerings separately and
                        also aggregated by segment in this note.
                        For each classification of receivable, the consolidated entity has applied historic roll rates (the
                        percentage of receivables that move into the next ageing bucket), averaged over a twelve‑month
                        period, to the credit limits of those customers that are considered current and to the respective
                        receivable balances for those customers accounts over 30 days past due.
                        Accordingly, under the requirements of AASB 9, a provision has been recognised for performing
                        customer receivables to the extent that expected lifetime losses emerge within a twelve‑month
                        period by applying historical roll rates to the credit facility limits. For customers overdue, historical
                        roll rates are applied to the overdue balances over the expected life of the credit facility to
                        determine an amount of expected credit losses.
                        In the assessment of the provision for expected credit losses at 30 June 2023 management took
                        into consideration all available information relevant to the assessment, including information about
                        past events, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable information about
                        future events and economic conditions at the report date.




                                                                                                                              129
                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Provision Overlay
                                  An allowance for debt recoveries is applied to the resulting estimated exposure at default and an
                                  economic overlay is added to include forward‑looking macro‑economic and regulatory factors
                                  (including GDP, unemployment rate, and inflation rates) and modelling risks.
                                  Forward‑looking information considered in assessing macroeconomic scenarios included
                                  economic reports published by financial analysts, governmental bodies, or other similar
                                  organisations, including assessments of the outlook for the Australian and global economies
                                  that the consolidated entity operates in.




For personal use only
                                  In the assessment of expected credit losses at 30 June 2023 and at 30 June 2022, Zip considered
                                  base, good and bad scenarios, applying a weighted probability when determining the reported ECL.
                                  The base scenario was assessed by applying the actual performance of the customer receivable
                                  book. The good and bad scenarios were assessed by applying upside/downside movements to key
                                  variables which could have a significant impact on the credit risk.
                                  These variables include the probability of default, loss given default, the rate of customer repayments,
                                  the customer repayment lifecycle and the bad debts recovery rate. The movement in these variables
                                  was supported by modelling macroeconomic scenarios based on forward‑looking information.


                                  Provision Overview
                                  The provision for expected credit losses as a percentage of receivables decreased from 6.0%
                                  at 30 June 2022 to 5.5% at 30 June 2023, reflecting the performance of the receivables portfolio
                                  during the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                                  The consolidated entity believes that the provision for expected credit losses, in accordance with
                                  AASB 9, is sufficient to address any potential write‑offs arising from the current economic environment.
                                  The following table summarises customer receivables as at the reporting dates:
                                                                                    ANZ1      Americas           EMEA     Zip Business   Consolidated
                                                                                   $’000         $’000           $’000           $’000          $’000

                                       Customer receivables                  2,419,542        280,026                –        68,271      2,767,839
                                       Unearned future income                    (7,747)       (11,195)              –              –        (18,942)
                                       Provision for expected
                                       credit losses                          (120,475)        (23,159)              –         (8,431)     (152,065)
                                       Balance at 30 June 2023               2,291,320        245,672                –        59,840      2,596,832

                                  1.    The customer receivables information is presented in line with the classification of the consolidated entity’s
                                        operating segments. The instalment products customer receivables in the ANZ segment comprise 0.6% of the total
                                        customer receivables presented in ANZ segment. Refer to Note 2 for description of the consolidated entity’s
                                        instalments and line of credit products.

                                                                                     ANZ      Americas           EMEA     Zip Business   Consolidated
                                                                                   $’000         $’000           $’000           $’000          $’000

                                       Customer receivable                   2,264,577         231,313         84,423        104,261      2,684,574
                                       Unearned future income                   (8,682)         (7,545)            (34)             –        (16,261)
                                       Provision for expected
                                       credit losses                           (116,716)       (29,158)        (8,755)        (5,560)       (160,189)
                                       Balance at 30 June 2022               2,139,179         194,610         75,634          98,701     2,508,124




                                  130
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        The following table summarises reconciliations of provision for expected credit losses in the
                        reporting periods:
                                                                            ANZ        Americas             EMEA      Zip Business    Consolidated
                                                                          $’000           $’000             $’000            $’000           $’000

                             Balance at 30 June 2021                    82,021          19,998             1,346            3,007         106,372
                             Taken on acquisitions                            ‒               ‒           10,328                 ‒         10,328
                             Provided in the period1                   121,474        128,504                   –            7,713        257,691
                             Receivables written‑off




For personal use only
                             during the period1                       (96,845)        (124,425)                 –          (5,463)      (226,733)
                             Recoveries during the period1              10,150           3,285                  –              371         13,806
                             Foreign exchange and
                             other movement 2                               (84)         1,796             (2,919)            (68)          (1,275)
                             Balance at 30 June 2022                    116,716         29,158             8,755           5,560          160,189
                             Provided in the period                    103,481         54,663                   –         12,095          170,239
                             Receivables written‑off
                             during the period                        (118,244)        (80,015)                 –          (5,664)      (203,923)
                             Recoveries during the period               18,523          18,631                  –             667           37,821
                             Foreign exchange and other
                             movement 2                                       (1)          722            (8,755)          (4,227)         (12,261)
                             Balance at 30 June 2023                   120,475          23,159                  –           8,431        152,065

                        1.    Comparative information has been restated to reflect discontinued operations in the current financial year.
                              Please refer to Note 18.
                        2.    Other movements include the movements from discontinued operations.

                        The consolidated entity’s customer receivable balances are predominately high volume low
                        value advances to individual customers. The following tables provide information about customer
                        receivables classified into Stage 1 to Stage 3 and the provision provided for expected credit losses
                        for each stage. As the consolidated entity’s customer receivables are short‑term in nature, the
                        staging transfer disclosures have not been provided.
                                                                                            ANZ          Americas     Zip Business    Consolidated
                                                                                          $’000             $’000            $’000           $’000

                             Customer Receivables
                             Stage 1                                                2,237,280           254,970           61,543       2,553,793
                             Stage 2                                                  136,899             16,681            4,899         158,479
                             Stage 3                                                   45,363              8,375            1,829          55,567
                             Balance at 30 June 2023                                2,419,542           280,026            68,271      2,767,839
                             Provision for Expected Credit Losses
                             Stage 1                                                   (26,418)           (8,673)          (5,158)        (40,249)
                             Stage 2                                                  (65,504)            (9,648)          (1,393)        (76,545)
                             Stage 3                                                  (28,553)            (4,838)          (1,880)        (35,271)
                             Balance at 30 June 2023                                  (120,475)          (23,159)          (8,431)      (152,065)




                                                                                                                                          131
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                      Americas
                                                                            ANZ       Restated          EMEA     Zip Business     Consolidated
                                                                          $’000          $’000          $’000           $’000            $’000

                                   Customer Receivables
                                   Stage 1                          2,120,690         188,408        76,543             94,983    2,480,624
                                   Stage 2                             104,083         25,849          4,641             6,016       140,589
                                   Stage 3                             39,804           17,056         3,239             3,262        63,361
                                   Balance at 30 June 2022          2,264,577         231,313        84,423         104,261       2,684,574




For personal use only
                                   Provision for Expected
                                   Credit Losses
                                   Stage 1                             (40,572)        (14,801)       (2,513)           (2,853)      (60,739)
                                   Stage 2                             (48,479)         (4,716)       (3,218)           (1,428)       (57,841)
                                   Stage 3                             (27,665)         (9,641)       (3,024)           (1,279)      (41,609)
                                   Balance at 30 June 2022             (116,716)      (29,158)        (8,755)           (5,560)     (160,189)

                                  The following table provides information about customer receivables by payment past due status.
                                  Figures presented in the table differ from the staging table as the staging table is based on the
                                  assessment of credit risk which includes but is not limited to past due status.
                                                                                                         Consolidated

                                                                                                         % of                            % of
                                                                                   30 June 2023     Customer    30 June 2022        Customer
                                                                                          $’000   Receivables          $’000      Receivables

                                   Past due under 30 days                              85,209             3%            85,311             3%
                                   Past due 31 days to under 60 days                   49,547             2%            41,386             2%
                                   Past due 61 to under 90 days                        32,429              1%           32,269             1%
                                   Past due 91 to under 180 days                       46,861             2%            44,984             2%

                                  The following table shows customer receivables and provision for expected losses presented
                                  based on the location of origination:
                                                                                                                30 June 2023      30 June 202
                                   Customer Receivables                                                                $’000            $’000

                                   Australia                                                                      2,473,537       2,328,855
                                   New Zealand                                                                          14,276        39,984
                                   Americas                                                                        280,026           231,313
                                   United Kingdom                                                                            –         1,686
                                   United Arab Emirates                                                                      –        13,570
                                   Czech Republic and Poland                                                                 –       64,340
                                   South Africa                                                                              –         4,826
                                   Balance                                                                        2,767,839       2,684,574




                                  132
                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                      ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                                       30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                         Provision for Expected Credit Losses                                                 $’000            $’000

                         Australia                                                                        (127,959)         (120,741)
                         New Zealand                                                                           (947)          (1,535)
                         Americas                                                                           (23,159)        (29,158)
                         United Kingdom                                                                            –           (680)
                         United Arab Emirates                                                                      –          (1,653)




For personal use only
                         Czech Republic and Poland                                                                 –          (6,140)
                         South Africa                                                                              –           (282)
                         Balance                                                                          (152,065)        (160,189)

                        Zip ANZ and Zip Americas customer receivables are consumer based in nature and industry
                        classification is not applicable.
                        The following table shows Zip Business customer receivables presented in their industry classification:
                                                                                                       30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                         Customer Receivables                                                                 $’000            $’000

                         Advertising                                                                               –            483
                         Architecture                                                                              –             143
                         Agriculture                                                                          2,139            2,416
                         Construction                                                                         6,134           15,491
                         Education                                                                            1,307            1,085
                         Financial                                                                            2,164           3,005
                         Hospitality                                                                             93                ‒
                         Manufacturing                                                                       11,284          12,683
                         Retail                                                                             18,655           28,016
                         Services                                                                             17,191         28,485
                         Telecommunications                                                                        ‒               ‒
                         Transportation                                                                       3,470           3,983
                         Wholesale                                                                            5,672           8,420
                         Mining                                                                                 162               51
                         Balance                                                                             68,271         104,261




                                                                                                                            133
                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  NOTE 11. INVESTMENTS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                              30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                     $’000

                                   Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                 –
                                   Recognition of pre‑existing investment at FVTPL                                                   65,465
                                   Fair value loss on revaluation                                                                (52,846)
                                   Foreign exchange movement                                                                          1,227




For personal use only
                                   Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                           13,846

                                  As set out in Note 4, Zip’s investment in ZestMoney has been derecognised from an investment
                                  in an associate and recognised as an investment at FVTPL. The fair value of the investment in
                                  ZestMoney at 30 June 2023 was based on an assessment of market value which resulted in a fair
                                  value loss of $52.8 million, reducing the investment in ZestMoney to $13.8 million at 30 June 2023.


                                  NOTE 12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                      Consolidated

                                                                                                               30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                                      $’000          $’000

                                   Carrying Amounts
                                   Brand names and trademarks                                                           62             855
                                   Customer database                                                                    174             619
                                   Transacting partner database                                                    40,733            58,874
                                   IT development and software                                                    100,669        132,002
                                                                                                                   141,638       192,350

                                                                          Brand                  Transacting             IT
                                                                       Name and      Customer        Partner   Development
                                                                     Trademarks      Database      Database    and Software             Total
                                   Consolidated                           $’000          $’000         $’000          $’000            $’000

                                   Cost
                                   Balance at 30 June 2021                 298          2,122       84,280         175,782       262,482
                                   Taken on business
                                   combinations                           7,042        1,538          1,576         44,718           54,874
                                   Additions                                  ‒             ‒              ‒        28,672           28,672
                                   Effect of movements in
                                   foreign exchange rates                    17             ‒         7,598         16,263           23,878
                                   Balance at 30 June 2022                7,357        3,660        93,454        265,435        369,906
                                   Additions (continuing
                                   operations)                                –             –              –        17,648           17,648
                                   Additions (discontinued
                                   operations)                                –             –              –          3,771           3,771
                                   Written off                            (229)        (1,468)         (948)       (16,350)       (18,995)
                                   Disposals (discontinued
                                   operations)                           (7,066)       (1,538)       (1,488)      (53,288)       (63,380)
                                   Effect of movements in
                                   foreign exchange rates                     –             –         3,405           (576)           2,829
                                   Balance at 30 June 2023                  62           654        94,423        216,640         311,779




                                  134
                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                             ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                   Brand                       Transacting              IT
                                                                Name and       Customer            Partner    Development
                                                              Trademarks       Database          Database     and Software              Total
                            Consolidated                           $’000           $’000             $’000           $’000             $’000

                            Accumulated amortisation
                            and impairment losses
                            Balance at 30 June 2021                (218)        (1,096)           (14,434)         (42,915)       (58,663)
                            Amortisation                             (9)           (612)           (17,419)        (44,156)        (62,196)




For personal use only
                            Impairment                           (6,273)         (1,333)             (366)        (44,734)         (52,706)
                            Effects of movements in
                            foreign exchange rates                   (2)              ‒             (2,361)         (1,628)          (3,991)
                            Balance at 30 June 2022              (6,502)         (3,041)         (34,580)        (133,433)        (177,556)
                            Amortisation (continuing
                            operations)                                –          (383)           (17,299)        (40,563)         (58,245)
                            Amortisation (discontinued
                            operations)                                –              –                (80)         (2,849)         (2,929)
                            Impairment                                 –            (63)               (59)         (7,601)          (7,723)
                            Written off                             229          1,468                948          16,350           18,995
                            Disposals (discontinued
                            operations)                           6,273          1,539                 513         49,332           57,657
                            Effects of movements in
                            foreign exchange rates                     –              –             (3,133)          2,793            (340)
                            Balance at 30 June 2023                    –          (480)          (53,690)         (115,971)        (170,141)

                        The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation:
                        Internally generated intangibles:
                        –     IT development and software 2.5 years.
                        Acquired intangibles:
                        –     Brand name (fully written off) and Trademarks indefinite;
                        –     Customer database 5 years;
                        –     Transacting partner database 4 to 5 years; and
                        –     IT development and software 6 years.
                        The impairment assessment of intangible assets is detailed in Note 13.




                                                                                                                                   135
                                                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  NOTE 13. GOODWILL
                                  The consolidated entity has four cash‑generating units (CGUs) at 30 June 2023 as set out in the
                                  following table (Payflex CGU disposed during the financial year ended 30 June 2023). Goodwill has
                                  been allocated to these CGUs.
                                                                                   Zip NZ                  Zip       Zip                                     Consoli­
                                                         Zip AU         Zip US      & UK 1   Zip UK 1      NZ1 Business        Spotii    Twisto   Payflex      dated
                                       Consolidated      $’000          $’000      $’000      $’000     $’000     $’000        $’000      $’000    $’000       $’000

                                       Balance at




For personal use only
                                       30 June 2021     4,548         719,463     46,838           ‒       ‒         2,112         ‒         ‒         ‒    772,961
                                       Reallocation
                                       of goodwill           –                – (46,838) 44,678         2,160            –         –         –         –           –
                                       Recognised on
                                       acquisitions          ‒              ‒           ‒          ‒       ‒             ‒    21,102    112,495 18,484      152,081
                                       Impairment
                                       (continuing
                                       operations)           – (589,262)                –          –    (868)            –         –         –         – (590,130)
                                       Impairment
                                       (discontinued
                                       operations)                –       –             – (44,678)              –        – (21,102) (112,495)           – (178,275)
                                       Effect of
                                       movements
                                       in foreign
                                       exchange
                                       rates                 –         65,605           –          –     (58)            –         –         –      560      66,107
                                       Balance at
                                       30 June 2022     4,548         195,806           –          –    1,234        2,112         –         – 19,044       222,744
                                       Impairment
                                       (continuing
                                       operations)           –                –         –          –       –        (2,112)        –         –         –      (2,112)
                                       Impairment
                                       (discontinued
                                       operations)           –                –         –          –       –             –         –         – (18,447)      (18,447)
                                       Effect of
                                       movements
                                       in foreign
                                       exchange
                                       rates                 –          7,624           –          –      23             –         –         –     (597)      7,050
                                       Balance at
                                       30 June 2023     4,548         203,430           –          –    1,257            –         –         –         –    209,235

                                  1.     Zip NZ & UK were acquired as part of the acquisition of PartPay and were considered as one CGU for impairment
                                         assessment purposes at 30 June 2021. From 1 July 2021, management started to monitor Zip UK under the EMEA
                                         segment and to monitor Zip NZ under the Asia Pacific segment, and goodwill was reallocated between the Zip UK
                                         CGU and the Zip NZ CGU.


                                  Impairment Assessment for Goodwill, Including Intangible Assets
                                  A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently
                                  when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing,
                                  goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash‑generating units (or groups of cash‑generating
                                  units) expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
                                  During the financial year 2023, Zip impaired goodwill in the Payflex CGU by $18.4 million and the
                                  Zip Business CGU by $2.1 million to reflect the differences between the carrying amount and an
                                  assessment of market value. (FY22: $768.4 million).



                                  136
                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                  ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        As at 30 June 2023, for each of the remaining consolidated entity’s CGU, the recoverable amount
                        has been calculated based on value‑in‑use using free cash flow to equity (FCFE) projections
                        covering a five‑year period, including tax expense where relevant and financing costs, and then
                        applying a discount rate comprising a cost of equity. Cash flow projections during the forecast
                        period are based on the forecast revenue and transaction volume growth. Cash flows beyond the
                        five‑year period have been extrapolated using a steady long‑term annual growth rate which did
                        not exceed the long‑term average for the sectors and economies in which the CGUs operate.
                        The steady long‑term growth rate was estimated by the directors based on past performance of
                        each cash‑generating unit and the growth expectations for the markets in which they operate.




For personal use only
                        Key rates included in the current financial year impairment assessment are set out in the
                        following table:
                                                                                                          Zip AU           Zip US           Zip NZ
                                                                                                               %                %                %

                             Discount rate – post tax 1                                                   15.8%           15.0%             16.4%
                             Long-term annual growth rate2                                                 4.0%            4.0%              4.0%

                        1.    Zip has used a post-tax discount rate applied to post-tax cash flows to be aligned with how valuation practitioners
                              would ordinarily undertake such an exercise. Post-tax rates used in the prior financial year impairment
                              assessment were 12.7% for Zip AU CGU, 12.5% for Zip US CGU and 13.0% for Zip NZ CGU.
                        2.    Long-term growth rates used in the prior financial year impairment assessment were 2.5% for Zip AU CGU, 4.0% for
                              Zip US CGU and 2.5% for Zip NZ CGU.


                        Sensitivity to Changes in Assumptions
                        For CGUs that are not assessed to be impaired, Zip has conducted an analysis of the sensitivity
                        of the impairment test to changes in the key assumptions used to determine the recoverable
                        amount for each of the group of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. Forecast transaction volumes
                        are the key drivers in determine the cash flow projections for each CGU. In the event that
                        transaction volumes do not reach the levels forecast there is a risk that the forecast cash flows
                        are not sufficient to support the carrying value of goodwill and an impairment charge may be
                        reported in a future accounting period.
                        For Zip AU CGU, Zip US CGU and Zip NZ CGU, reducing the forecast compound annual growth rate
                        (CAGR) of transaction volumes or long-term annual growth rate to zero would not result in an
                        impairment charge. The increase in discount rate that would reduce the excess of the recoverable
                        amount over the carrying amount to zero, but would not result in an impairment charge, is
                        summarised in the following table:
                                                                                                          Zip AU           Zip US           Zip NZ
                                                                                                               %                %                %

                             Increase in discount rate %                                                100.5%             5.4%             11.5%


                        NOTE 14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                            Consolidated

                                                                                                                   30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                          $’000            $’000

                             Trade payables                                                                              63,710            34,830
                             Amounts due to merchants and other partners                                                126,170            75,253
                             Incentivised conversion – incentive payments (refer to Note 5)                              17,354                 –
                             Other                                                                                       6,403             30,464
                             Total                                                                                     213,637          140,547

                        The increase in the amount due to merchants and other partners reflects an increase in volumes
                        and the increase in pre-funding of transaction volumes by partners to cover weekend trading
                        following 30 June 2023.


                                                                                                                                        137
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  NOTE 15. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION
                                                                                                                              Consolidated

                                                                                                                                      $’000

                                   Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                          26,184
                                   Settlement of Twisto Holdback Consideration                                                   (19,965)
                                   Partially settled Payflex contingent consideration                                               (4,885)
                                   Foreign exchange impact                                                                            555




For personal use only
                                   Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                           1,889


                                  Twisto Holdback Consideration
                                  Under the terms of the acquisition of Twisto, consideration of EUR€12.5 million (Holdback
                                  Consideration) was held back for the purposes of satisfying any claims that may arise under the
                                  acquisition agreement, to be settled through the issue of new ordinary shares in Zip subject to
                                  a maximum issuance of 4,550,000 shares, with the balance payable in cash, or subject to the
                                  ASX listing rules, in shares. No claims were made and consequently in December 2022, Zip issued
                                  27,627,408 shares at issue price of $0.7227 to settle the Holdback Consideration. Shares issued
                                  were valued at $19.96 million at the date of settlement and as a result, the Holdback Consideration
                                  amount reduced to Nil at 30 June 2023 ($19.3 million at 30 June 2022).


                                  Payflex Contingent Consideration and BEE Holdback Amount
                                  Under the terms of the acquisition of Payflex, a maximum contingent consideration of ZAR$73.8 million
                                  was payable to the former Payflex shareholders in Zip shares or cash, subject to the achievement
                                  of performance milestones based on growth targets relating to the achievement of total
                                  transaction volumes and net transaction margins for the twelve months performance period ending
                                  30 June 2022. As at 30 June 2022, Payflex achieved the performance milestones and accordingly
                                  1,053,608 Zip’s shares were issued to Payflex shareholders on 4 October 2022, valued at $0.8 million
                                  and a cash payment of $3.4 million was made during the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                                  Consequently the balance of the contingent consideration was reduced to $1.9 million as at
                                  30 June 2023. This amount was settled subsequent to the year end (refer to Note 28).
                                  In addition, the terms of the Payflex Acquisition entitled the vendors to a holdback consideration
                                  amounting to $0.6 million (ZAR$7.2 million) to be settled twelve months from the date of completion.
                                  This holdback consideration was paid and the liability reduced to Nil at 30 June 2023.


                                  NOTE 16. BORROWINGS
                                  Borrowings and Securitisation Warehouse
                                                                                                                     Consolidated

                                                                                                              30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                     $’000           $’000

                                   Secured consumer facilities                                                 2,440,325       2,279,031
                                   Secured SME facilities                                                          51,876           53,518
                                   Corporate facility                                                             90,000            48,893
                                                                                                               2,582,201       2,381,442
                                   Add: accrued interest                                                           11,878            4,434
                                   Less: unamortised costs                                                          (2,871)         (4,967)
                                                                                                               2,591,208      2,380,909




                                  138
                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        The consolidated entity sells customer receivables to securitisation warehouses and special purpose
                        vehicles through its asset‑backed financing program. The securitisation warehouses and special
                        purpose vehicles are consolidated as the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable
                        equity returns, and has the ability to affect its returns through its power over the securitisation
                        warehouses and special purpose vehicles. The secured facilities are directly secured by receivables
                        in the consolidated entity’s securitisation warehouses and special purpose vehicles. In the event
                        the consolidated entity does not extend a secured facility, or renew a secured facility with a new
                        financier, the secured facility amortises under the terms of the respective secured facility
                        agreement and customer repayments are used to repay the respective financier.




For personal use only
                        Zip’s corporate facility matures in December 2023, and may be extended to 31 March 2024 at
                        Zip’s option. The corporate facility is secured by a corporate guarantee and becomes repayable
                        in the event Zip is unable to renew or refinance the facility.


                        Assets Pledged as Security
                        The table below presents the assets and underlying borrowings as a result of the securitisation
                        warehouses and special purpose vehicles through the consolidated entity’s asset‑backed
                        financing program:
                                                                                                                                  Consolidated

                                                                                                                          30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000           $’000

                             Customer receivables 1                                                                        2,517,658       2,405,196
                             Cash held through asset‑backed financing program                                                123,955             58,369
                                                                                                                           2,641,613       2,463,565
                             Borrowings related to receivables 2                                                          2,694,438        2,552,830

                        1.       The amount recognised above represents the carrying value of the customer receivables held by securitisation
                                 warehouses and special purpose vehicles and is net of the provision for expected credit losses and unearned future
                                 income. This excludes customer receivables totalling $79.2 million held by entities that do not have asset‑backed
                                 financing programs in place or are ineligible receivables at 30 June 2023 and $27.2 million at 30 June 2022.
                        2.       Including $202.2 million junior and seller notes held by Zip’s corporate entities ($226.8 million at 30 June 2022).


                        Term of Secured Facilities Financing Arrangements
                                                                                                 Drawn at
                                                                                  Facility   30 June 2023
                             Consumer Facilities                               Limit $’000          $’000    Maturity                Facility Type

                             Zip Master Trust
                             –    Rated Note Series
                                  –   2021‑1                                   475,000          475,000      April 2024              BBSW + Margin
                                  –   2021‑2                                    617,500          617,500     September 2024          BBSW + Margin
                                  –   2022‑1                                   285,000          285,000      November 2023           BBSW + Margin
                                  –   2023‑1                                    190,000         190,000      May 2026                BBSW + Margin
                             –    Variable Funding Note                        535,420          460,670      March 2024              BBSW + Margin
                             –    Variable Funding Note 2                       136,221          118,501     January 2024            BBSW + Margin
                             zipMoney 2017‑1 Trust 1                            126,500          85,400      July 2024               BBSW + Margin
                             AR2LLC2                                            339,367          198,146     May 2024                SOFR
                             Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1 3                                18,377           10,108    September 2023          BKBM +Margin
                             Total                                           2,723,385        2,440,325

                        1.       Facility limit reduced from $259.7 million at 30 June 2023, to $126.5 million on 5 July 2023.
                        2.       Facility limit of US$225.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 0.663.
                        3.       Facility limit of NZ$20.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 1.0883.



                                                                                                                                              139
                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                          Facility         Drawn at
                                                                                            Limit      30 June 2023
                                       SME Facilities                                      $’000              $’000    Maturity              Facility Type

                                       Zip Business Trust 2022‑1                         35,000             27,115     March 2024            BBSW + Margin
                                       Funding Box NZ 1                                   24,761            24,761     November 2023         BKBM + Margin
                                       Total                                              59,761           51,876

                                  1.     Facility limit of NZ$26.9 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 1.0883.




For personal use only
                                  Securitisation warehouses funding SME receivables are in run off following the decision to wind
                                  down Zip Business Capital in Australia and New Zealand.


                                  Term of Corporate Facility
                                                                                          Facility         Drawn at
                                                                                            Limit      30 June 2023
                                                                                           $’000              $’000    Maturity              Facility Type

                                       zipMoney 2017-2 Trust 1                           90,000           90,000       December 2023         BBSW + Margin

                                  1.     The zipMoney 2017-2 Trust may be extended to 31 March 2024 at Zip’s option.


                                  Reconciliation of Borrowings
                                                                                                                           Cash     Non‑Cash
                                                                                                30 June 2022          Movement1     Movement      30 June 2023
                                       At June 2023                                                    $’000              $’000         $’000            $’000

                                       Gross borrowings                                              2,381,442        200,759                –     2,582,201
                                       Accrued interest                                                 4,434         (161,490)      168,934            11,878
                                       Unamortised costs                                                (4,967)         (2,764)        4,860            (2,871)
                                       Total                                                     2,380,909             36,505        173,794       2,591,208

                                                                                                                           Cash     Non‑Cash
                                                                                                 30 June 2021         Movement2     Movement      30 June 2022
                                       At June 2022                                                     $’000             $’000         $’000            $’000

                                       Gross borrowings                                              1,663,137         718,305               –     2,381,442
                                       Accrued interest                                                 3,589          (61,476)       62,321            4,434
                                       Unamortised costs                                                (7,493)         (2,390)         4,916           (4,967)
                                       Total                                                         1,659,233        654,439         67,237      2,380,909

                                  1.     The cash movements shown in gross borrowings in the financial year ended 30 June 2023 includes a disposal
                                         amount of ($69.5) million as a result of the sale of Twisto and Payflex. Note that interest payment of $0.1 million
                                         for leasing liabilities is excluded from the cash movement in the reconciliation.
                                  2.     The cash movements shown in gross borrowings in the financial year ended 30 June 2022 includes a taken‑on
                                         amount of $64.0 million as a result of the acquisition of Spotii and Twisto. Note that interest payment of $0.2 million
                                         for leasing liabilities is excluded from the cash movement in the reconciliation.




                                  140
                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                         ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 17. ISSUED CAPITAL
                        Ordinary Shares
                        Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up
                        of the consolidated entity in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid, on the shares held.
                        The fully paid ordinary shares have no par value and the consolidated entity does not have a
                        limited amount of authorised capital.
                        On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote
                        and upon a poll each share shall have one vote.




For personal use only
                                                                        30 June 2023      30 June 2023
                                                                              Shares            Shares    30 June 2022     30 June 2022
                                                                                ’000              ’000           $’000            $’000

                         Ordinary shares – fully paid                       824,647         2,121,541         687,936       2,041,496
                                                                            824,647         2,121,541         687,936       2,041,496


                        Movements in Ordinary Share Capital
                                                                                                                 Shares
                         Details                                                 Date                              ’000            $’000

                         Balance                                                 30 June 2021                 562,136       1,688,785
                         Issue of shares ‒ employee incentives                                                   5,736          35,421
                         Issue of shares ‒ capital raising                                                     94,492          172,729
                         Issue of shares ‒ exercise of options                                                   2,177              310
                         Issue of shares ‒ acquisitions                                                         21,783         137,209
                         Issue of shares ‒ PartPay contingent consideration                                      1,092           6,990
                         Issue of shares ‒ acquisition of intangibles                                              520           3,440
                         Cost of issuing shares                                                                       ‒         (3,388)
                         Balance                                                 30 June 2022                 687,936       2,041,496
                         Issue of shares ‒ employee incentives                                                 24,263             17,711
                         Issue of shares ‒ capital raising                                                     74,436           38,279
                         Issue of shares ‒ exercise of options                                                     225               73
                         Issue of shares ‒ conversion of the
                         Senior Convertible Notes                                                                9,106           4,953
                         Issue of shares ‒ Payflex deferred consideration                                        1,054             838
                         Issue of shares ‒ Twisto holdback considerations                                       27,627          19,965
                         Cost of issuing shares                                                                       –          (1,774)
                         Balance                                                 30 June 2023                 824,647        2,121,541




                                                                                                                               141
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Movements in Performance Rights
                                                                                                                                    Rights
                                   Details                                                              Date                          ‘000

                                   Balance                                                              30 June 2021                6,777
                                   Issued during the year                                                                          6,212
                                   Lapsed during the year                                                                         (3,002)
                                   Vested during the year                                                                              (11)
                                   Exercised during the year                                                                         (784)




For personal use only
                                   Balance                                                              30 June 2022                9,192
                                   Issued during the year                                                                         19,548
                                   Lapsed during the year                                                                          (6,416)
                                   Vested during the year                                                                         (3,438)
                                   Exercised during the year                                                                         (387)
                                   Balance                                                              30 June 2023              18,499


                                  Shares under Performance Rights
                                  Shares Under at Risk Long-Term Incentives (LVTR)
                                  At Risk Long‑Term Incentives were issued for no consideration under the Employee Incentive Plan
                                  and have a nil exercise price and vest based on the achievement of Total Shareholder Return
                                  hurdles and time-based hurdles as set out previously in the Remuneration Report.
                                                                                                                              Fair Value at
                                                                                                                   Number      Grant Date
                                   Issue Date                  Vesting Date          Expiry Date                  of Rights               $

                                   15 February 2019            15 September 2021     15 February 2025             116,667          0.287
                                   15 February 2019            15 February 2022      15 February 2025            406,666           0.287
                                   15 February 2019            15 September 2022     15 February 2025            393,333            0.317
                                   15 February 2019            15 February 2023      15 February 2025            406,666            0.317
                                   15 February 2019            15 September 2023     15 February 2025             381,618          0.330
                                   15 February 2019            15 February 2024      15 February 2025            406,668           0.330
                                   15 December 2019            15 September 2022     15 December 2025             54,795           0.630
                                   15 December 2019            15 September 2023     15 December 2025             54,795           0.760
                                   15 December 2019            15 September 2024     15 December 2025             54,794           0.810
                                   2 July 2020                 15 September 2023     24 June 2026                 36,949             1.56
                                   2 July 2020                 15 September 2024     24 June 2026                 36,949             1.63
                                   2 July 2020                 15 September 2025     24 June 2026                 36,947             1.65
                                   26 October 2020             14 September 2023     22 October 2026              23,030             4.68
                                   7 June 2021                 7 June 2023           7 June 2027                  99,904             6.88
                                   7 June 2021                 7 June 2024           7 June 2027                  66,542             6.88
                                   15 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027               11,127           2.99
                                   15 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027              57,204            2.99
                                   18 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027             101,260            2.99
                                   19 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027            105,504             2.99
                                   24 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027             25,070             2.99
                                   30 November 2021            15 September 2024     30 November 2027              12,776            2.99
                                   13 March 2023               13 March 2026         13 March 2029             2,559,097           0.265
                                   Balance at 30 June 2023                                                     5,448,361




                                  142
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Issued in the Financial Year Ended 30 June 2023:
                                                                                                                           Fair Value at
                                                                                                               Number       Grant Date
                         Issue Date               Vesting Date             Expiry Date                        of Rights                $

                         13 March 2023            13 March 2026            13 March 2029                  2,559,097             0.265
                         Total issued in the financial year                                               2,559,097

                        Lapsed in the Financial Year Ended 30 June 2023:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Number
                         Issue Date                    Vesting Date                      Expiry Date                          of Rights

                         15 December 2019              15 September 2022                 15 December 2025                     (40,665)
                         15 December 2019              15 September 2023                 15 December 2025                      (11,716)
                         2 July 2020                   15 September 2023                 24 June 2026                       (156,007)
                         2 July 2020                   15 September 2024                 24 June 2026                       (156,006)
                         2 July 2020                   15 September 2025                 24 June 2026                       (156,006)
                         9 June 2021                   9 June 2023                       9 June 2027                          (10,096)
                         9 June 2021                   9 June 2024                       9 June 2027                          (43,458)
                         30 November 2021              15 September 2024                 30 November 2027                      (61,815)
                         Total lapsed in the financial year                                                                 (635,769)

                        Shares under Long-Term Equity (LTE)
                        LTEs issued provide Zip with the best opportunity to retain senior leaders and attract high-quality
                        talent. LTEs were issued with equal vesting over one to four years. LTE is not subject to any
                        performance hurdles and only requires the employees to remain employed for the rights to vest.
                        Details of LTEs outstanding during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                              Average          Number
                                                                                                             Fair Value          of LTE
                                                                                                                      $         Issued

                         Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                       2,145,658
                         Issued during the year                                                                  5.46      5,837,586
                         Forfeited during the year                                                               6.58      (1,907,352)
                         Vested during the year                                                                   7.16      (795,345)
                         Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                                       5,280,547
                         Issued during the year                                                                  0.56     16,989,338
                         Lapsed during the year                                                                  2.07     (5,779,585)
                         Vested during the year                                                                  2.20     (3,438,460)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                          13,051,840




                                                                                                                              143
                                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Restricted Rights to NEDs for FY23
                                  The Company established the NED Equity Plan to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of
                                  NEDs and to provide an opportunity for the NEDs to acquire shareholdings in the Company through
                                  the sacrifice of fees into equity. Following approval by shareholders at the 2022 AGM, the rights
                                  under the NED Equity Plan were granted on 23 December 2023 and vested immediately, not
                                  subject to performance‑based vesting conditions or vesting conditions of any kind. Each right
                                  under the NED Equity Plan ends 15 years after the grant date, and if not exercised before the end
                                  of the Term the rights under the NED Equity Plan will lapse.
                                  Details of rights under the NED Equity Plan movement are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                    Weighted        Number of
                                                                                                                                  Average Fair      NED Equity
                                                                                                                                     Value ($)         Issued

                                       Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                                                           –
                                       Issued during the year                                                                            0.52          87,719
                                       Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                         87,719


                                  Movements in Warrants
                                                                                                                                                      Warrants
                                       Details                                                                                                            ’000

                                       Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                                        33,980
                                       Issue of warrants                                                                                                     ‒
                                       Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                        33,980
                                       Lapsed during the period                                                                                        (3,654)
                                       Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                        30,326

                                  The following table shows details of warrants issued outstanding at 30 June 2023:
                                                                                                                                      Exercise        Number
                                       Issue Date                           Expiry Date                                                  Price      Remaining

                                       6 November 2019                      6 November 2026                                            $4.70      10,961,250
                                       1 September 20201                    1 September 2023                                           $0.47     19,365,208
                                       Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                   30,326,458

                                  1.     Refer to Note 5 for details of the warrants issued to CVI and refer to Note 28 for details of expire of warrants issued
                                         to CVI after 30 June 2023.

                                  On 7 November 2019, Zip entered a strategic agreement with Amazon Commercial Services Pty
                                  Limited (Amazon Australia) whereby Zip was offered as a payment choice on Amazon Australia.
                                  Zip issued Amazon Australia warrants to acquire 14,615,000 ordinary shares in Zip at an exercise price
                                  of $4.70 exercisable based on achievement of certain performance hurdles (Amazon Warrants).
                                  The Amazon Warrants were independently valued by an external valuer using a custom‑built
                                  Monte Carlo model which simulates share price paths over the duration of the warrants’ life.
                                  As a result, each Amazon Warrant has been valued at $1.65 which approximates the value of the
                                  service received. Of the warrants issued, 3,653,750 warrants (25% of the total) vested concurrently
                                  with Zip’s entry into the strategic agreement, and the remainder of the warrants vest based on
                                  performance milestones relating to transaction volumes being achieved over the seven years
                                  from issue date. On vesting, the warrants may be exercised any time up to seven years from the
                                  issue date. Unvested Amazon Warrants are subject to early expiration in certain circumstances,
                                  including in the event that the applicable vesting milestones are not met by specified dates.




                                  144
                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                    ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Assessments are made at each future reporting date and adjustments made to the amounts
                        recognised as expenses based on this assessment.
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, 1,826,875 Amazon Warrants, representing 12.5% of
                        the total Amazon Warrants, were cancelled. The transaction volumes processed through Amazon
                        Australia have not met the requirement of the first performance milestone on the third anniversary
                        date, being 7 November 2022, and as a result 1,826,875 Amazon Warrants, representing another
                        12.5% of the total Amazon Warrants, expired on this basis, and were cancelled in February 2023.
                        There were no other Amazon Warrants exercised or expired during the year ended 30 June 2023.




For personal use only
                        Movements in Convertible Notes
                                                                                                                                        Convertible
                             Details                                                                                                         Notes

                             Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                                        3,000
                             Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                        3,000
                             Repayment of CVI Convertible Notes 1                                                                            (500)
                             Conversion of Senior Convertible Notes 1,2                                                                      (549)
                             Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                         1,951
                             Representing as:
                             Issue of CVI Convertible Notes issued on 1 September 20201                                                       500
                             Issue of Senior Convertible Notes issued on 23 April 2021 1,2                                                   1,451
                                                                                                                                             1,951

                        1.     Refer to Note 5 for details of the convertible notes outstanding at 30 June 2023 and refer to Note 28 for details
                               of repayment made in relation to CVI Convertible Notes after 30 June 2023.
                        2.     The Senior Convertible Notes issued on 23 April 2021 are listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX).


                        Additional Information Relating to Unissued Securities
                        Performance Shares that may be Issued to Urge Vendors
                        Under the terms of the acquisition of Urge Holdings Pty Ltd, Zip agreed to issue up to a maximum
                        of $5.5 million of shares to the vendors as the ‘milestone consideration’ based on the achievement
                        of certain prescribed performance milestones. The measurement period for determining whether
                        the milestones have been satisfied commenced in April 2021.
                        The milestone consideration may also become payable early as a result of specific acceleration events.
                        The full terms of the milestone consideration, including the requirement for the vendors to remain
                        employed, and details of the Urge acquisition were included in Zip’s ASX announcement on
                        26 October 2020.
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the milestones were partially achieved, and 1,099,711
                        shares were issued as milestone consideration. During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, due
                        to certain acceleration events occurring, the milestones were deemed to have been achieved.
                        Accordingly, an additional 4,296,863 shares were issued as milestone consideration. In each
                        case, the number of Zip’s shares issued as milestone consideration was calculated based on the
                        prescribed $6.00 share price and included the issue of additional shares that were issued as
                        payment of the required ‘true up’ amounts due to Zip’s share price being less than the prescribed
                        $6.00 (such shares being issued at the price equal to the volume weighted average price of Zip’s
                        shares in the 30 trading days prior to their applicable issue date). No obligations for milestone
                        consideration remained outstanding in relation to the acquisition of Urge at 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                                          145
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Tenure Consideration Shares and Performance Consideration Shares Issued to QuadPay Founders
                                  Under the terms of the acquisition of QuadPay Inc., Zip agreed to issue the QuadPay Founders a
                                  maximum of 5,000,000 Shares (split equally) (Tenure Consideration Shares). The Tenure Consideration
                                  Shares were to be issued in equal instalments in the two‑year period after completion of the
                                  transaction, which occurred on 31 August 2020, subject to the QuadPay Founders continuing to
                                  remain employed with QuadPay. In addition, Zip agreed to issue up to a maximum amount of US
                                  $60 million at Zip’s discretion either in cash or by the issue of up to a maximum of 24,570,024
                                  shares (Performance Consideration Shares), split equally between each QuadPay Founder subject
                                  to the achievement of certain prescribed minimum Total Transaction Volume (TTV) performance




For personal use only
                                  targets on the QuadPay platform during the period from 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2022, and
                                  remaining employed during this period.
                                  The first instalment of 2,500,000 Tenure Consideration Shares was issued to QuadPay Founders
                                  on 30 September 2021, following QuadPay Founders’ continuous employment with QuadPay to
                                  the first anniversary date. The second instalment of 2,500,000 Tenure Consideration Shares was
                                  issued on 15 September 2022, following QuadPay Founders’ continuous employment with QuadPay
                                  to the second anniversary date.
                                  The first performance target was met by the QuadPay Founders, with the TTV on the QuadPay
                                  platform for the rolling three months to 31 December 2020 exceeding the TTV performance
                                  targets. Accordingly, Zip issued 5,398,824 shares on 24 May 2021 to the QuadPay Founders as
                                  part of the Performance Consideration Shares. The number of Zip’s shares issued was calculated
                                  based on the volume weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the ASX in the 15 trading days
                                  prior to the date of issuance.
                                  The second performance target was met by the QuadPay Founders, with the TTV on the QuadPay
                                  platform for the rolling three months to November 2021 exceeding the TTV performance targets.
                                  Accordingly, a payment of US$7.5 million was payable to each QuadPay Founder. Zip issued 6,142,506
                                  shares on 4 October 2022 to the QuadPay Founders as part of the Performance Consideration
                                  Shares, with the balance of $19.3 million paid in cash. The number of shares issued were calculated
                                  based on the higher of $3.70 per share and the volume weighted average price of Zip’s shares
                                  on the ASX in the 15 trading days prior to the date of issuance, with the balance paid in cash.
                                  The third performance target had a deadline of 30 June 2022 and this was not met by the QuadPay
                                  Founders. As a result, there were no payments made to the QuadPay Founders in relation to the
                                  third performance target.
                                  Accordingly the balance of the Performance Consideration Shares reduced to Nil.

                                  Performance Shares that may have been Issued to a Subset of Spotii Sellers
                                  Under the terms of the acquisition of Spotii, Zip agreed to pay up to US$15.0 million in performance
                                  payments to a subset of Spotii sellers subject to the satisfaction of prescribed performance
                                  targets and, for a co‑founder, their respective continued employment at the date of satisfaction
                                  of the relevant performance targets.
                                  Prior to the consolidated entity’s sale of Spotii, none of the performance targets were met,
                                  and accordingly no performance payments have been made since acquisition and during the
                                  financial year ended 30 June 2023.


                                  Share buy-back
                                  There is no current on-market share buy-back.




                                  146
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 18. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, following its strategic review process the consolidated
                        entity has ceased operations in Singapore, the United Kingdom and Mexico, and completed the
                        sale of the Spotii, Twisto and Payflex operations as detailed below.
                        In accordance with AASB 5, the consolidated entity has disclosed these operations under
                        discontinued operations as one line on the face of the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                        and Other Comprehensive Income. Prior period comparatives have been reclassified to be
                        comparable.




For personal use only
                        Sale of Spotii
                        On 23 May 2023, Zip completed the sale of Spotii, Zip’s Middle East operations, for a total
                        consideration of $1. The carrying value of Spotii at the disposal date was $2.1 million and after
                        adjusting for the foreign currency translation reserve of $1.0 million Zip reported loss on sale
                        of $3.1 million.


                        Sale of Twisto
                        On 6 June 2023, Zip completed the sale of Twisto, Zip’s Central and Eastern European operations,
                        for a consideration of $7.4 million (net of transaction cost of $0.6 million), comprising a cash
                        consideration of $6.3 million and a deferred consideration of $1.1 million. The carrying value of
                        Twisto at the disposal date was $4.7 million net liability position and after adjusting for the foreign
                        currency translation reserve of $4.4 million, Zip reported a gain on sale of $7.7 million.


                        Sale of Payflex
                        On 30 June 2023, Zip completed the sale of Payflex, Zip’s South African operations, for a total
                        consideration of $6.5 million (net of transaction cost of $0.8 million). The carrying value of net
                        assets of Payflex at the disposal date was $4.5 million and after adjusting for the foreign currency
                        translation reserve of $0.1 million, Zip reported gain on sale of $2.1 million.


                        Under the terms of the share sale agreements entered into on the sale of Spotii, Twisto and Payflex,
                        Zip provided standard indemnities that may give rise to future claims. Zip does not expect any claims
                        to be made, and in the event they are, does not expect the amount of any claims to be material.


                        Results of Discontinued Operations
                                                                                                                 Consolidated

                                                                                                        30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                               $’000            $’000

                         Revenue                                                                             33,931             23,749
                         Expenses                                                                           (81,980)        (321,041)
                         Loss from the ordinary activities                                                  (48,049)        (297,292)
                         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                      6,725                –
                         Loss before income tax benefit                                                      (41,324)       (297,292)
                         Income tax benefit (from the ordinary activities)                                        187             544
                         Income tax benefit (from gain on disposal of subsidiaries)                                 –               –
                         Loss after income tax benefit from discontinued operations                          (41,137)      (296,748)




                                                                                                                             147
                                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Cash Flows (Used In)/From Discontinued Operations
                                  The cash flows (used in)/from discontinued operations during the period are set out below:
                                                                                                                                      Consolidated

                                                                                                                              30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                     $’000          $’000

                                       Net cash flow used in operating activities                                                (24,653)        (69,068)
                                       Net cash flow from (used in) investing activities                                            5,788            (5,674)




For personal use only
                                       Net cash flow from financing activities                                                      5,838              7,135
                                       Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash from
                                       discontinued operations                                                                    (13,027)        (67,607)

                                                                                                     Spotii         Twisto         Payflex              Total
                                       Gain/(loss) on Sale of the Subsidiaries                       $’000           $’000          $’000              $’000

                                       Sales consideration1 (net of transaction costs)                   –          7,405           6,508            13,913
                                       Carrying value of net assets sold                            (2,118)         4,656          (4,545)           (2,007)
                                       Reclassification of FCTR relating to
                                       disposed entities                                             (938)         (4,399)            156             (5,181)
                                       (Loss)/gain on sale before income tax                       (3,056)          7,662            2,119            6,725
                                       Income tax benefit                                                –               –               –                 –
                                       (Loss)/gain on sale after income tax                        (3,056)          7,662            2,119            6,725

                                  1.     Sale consideration of Twisto includes a holdback receivable of $1.1 million which has been recorded as a receivable
                                         at 30 June 2023.


                                  Assets and Liabilities of Controlled Entities at Dates of Sales
                                                                                                     Spotii         Twisto         Payflex              Total
                                                                                                     $’000           $’000          $’000              $’000

                                       Assets
                                       Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                   1,002           2,874           3,124             7,000
                                       Customer receivables                                         1,842          60,871           8,225            70,938
                                       Other receivables                                                42             (12)            113              143
                                       Property, plant and equipment                                   90              96             126               312
                                       Right-of-use assets                                               –            128                –              128
                                       Intangible assets                                                 –            685           5,038             5,723
                                       Total assets                                                 2,976         64,642           16,626            84,244
                                       Liabilities
                                       Trade and other payable                                       (858)          (5,731)        (6,024)           (12,613)
                                       Employee provisions                                               –             (24)           (57)               (81)
                                       Borrowings                                                        –       (63,543)          (6,000)       (69,543)
                                       Total liabilities                                             (858)       (69,298)         (12,081)       (82,237)
                                       Net assets sold                                               2,118         (4,656)          4,545             2,007
                                       Consideration received, satisfied in cash                         –          6,280           6,508            12,788
                                       Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
                                       disposed of                                                 (1,002)         (2,874)         (3,124)           (7,000)
                                       Disposal of subsidiaries,
                                       net of cash disposed of                                     (1,002)          3,406           3,384             5,788




                                  148
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 19. DIVIDENDS
                        There were no dividends paid, recommended, or declared during the current or previous
                        financial year.


                        NOTE 20. CONTINGENCIES
                        On 24 June 2019, Zip announced to the ASX that Firstmac Limited had commenced proceedings
                        in the Federal Court against Zip Co Limited and its subsidiary zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd alleging
                        infringement of Firstmac’s “ZIP” trademark, which is registered in respect of financial affairs (loans).




For personal use only
                        On 1 June 2023, Zip announced that it had successfully defended the trade mark infringement
                        claim, and that Zip was also successful in its non-use application, and cross-claim for removal
                        or cancellation of Firstmac’s trade mark. Zip notes that Firstmac has now lodged an appeal in
                        response to both its failed trade mark infringement claim against Zip, and Zip’s success in its
                        non-use claim and the consequential cancellation or removal of Firstmac’s mark. Zip will continue
                        to defend its use of ‘ZIP’. There were no other contingent liabilities or contingent assets as at
                        30 June 2023.


                        NOTE 21. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                        Financial Risk Management Objectives
                        The consolidated entity’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including
                        currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The consolidated
                        entity’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
                        seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the consolidated
                        entity. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate and other price risks,
                        and ageing analysis for credit risk.


                        Market Risk
                        Foreign Currency Risk
                        Foreign currency risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a foreign currency,
                        that is, in a currency other than the functional currency in which they are measured. Foreign
                        currency risk does not arise from financial instruments that are non-monetary items or from
                        financial instruments denominated in the functional currency.
                        The consolidated entity undertakes transactions denominated in its subsidiaries’ functional
                        currencies; consequently, limited exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise.
                        The consolidated entity did not hedge any foreign currency risks during the financial year ended
                        30 June 2023 or 30 June 2022.
                        Translation exposures arise from financial and non-financial items held by an entity with a functional
                        currency different from the consolidated entity’s presentation currency. The consolidated entity’s
                        exposure to translation-related risk mainly arises from its investments in subsidiaries in the United
                        States, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Czech Republic and Poland, and
                        South African business. The consolidated entity’s investments in subsidiaries in the United Kingdom,
                        United Arab Emirates, Czech Republic and Poland, and South African business were discontinued
                        during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. Foreign exchange gains or losses on translating the
                        consolidated entity’s investment in foreign subsidiaries to Australian dollars at the end of the
                        financial year are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income and accumulated in the foreign
                        currency translation reserve.




                                                                                                                            149
                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Price Risk
                                  The consolidated entity is exposed to the equity price risk arising from its embedded derivative in
                                  the Convertible Notes and Warrants issued to CVI, which have been recorded as financial liabilities
                                  at 30 June 2023.
                                  As detailed in Note 5, Zip has reported a financial liability at 30 June 2023 in relation to the
                                  underlying debt component of the CVI Convertible Notes of $46.9 million (FY22: $73.6 million),
                                  and the embedded derivative and warrants issued have been valued at fair values of $1.3 million
                                  (FY22: $1.85 million) and $1.0 million (FY22: $0.1 million) respectively using the Black Scholes option
                                  valuation model. The fair values have been based on a closing Zip’s share price at 30 June 2023




For personal use only
                                  of $0.41, volatility of 80%, and a risk free rate of 3.49% for the embedded derivative, and 3.35% for
                                  the warrants. The different risk free rates reflect the different expiry dates of the instruments.
                                  A fair value loss of $8.3 million has been recorded, being the movement in the fair values of the
                                  embedded derivative and warrants between 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 (FY22: a fair value
                                  gain of $119.0 million).
                                  The valuation of the above-mentioned financial liabilities has Zip’s share price as the key input.
                                  The fair values of these financial liabilities are dependent on the share price of Zip which is listed
                                  on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
                                  The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to Zip’s share price
                                  at 30 June 2023.
                                  If Zip’s share price had been 1% higher/lower:
                                  –   Loss after tax for the year ended 30 June 2023 would increase/decrease by $0.1 million as a
                                      result of the changes in fair values of these financial liabilities (30 June 2022: $0.5 million); and
                                  –   Equity would decrease/increase by $0.1 million as a result of the changes in fair values of these
                                      financial liabilities (30 June 2022: $0.5 million).

                                  Interest Rate Risk
                                  The consolidated entity’s main interest rate risk arises from its cash and cash equivalents,
                                  term deposits and borrowings. During the financial year ended 30 June 2023 and the financial
                                  year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity’s secured borrowings to fund the customer
                                  receivables are a mix of fixed rate borrowings and floating-rate borrowings where the rates are
                                  set as a fixed margin plus 1-month BBSW/BKBM/EURIBOR/PLR/SOFR.
                                  The consolidated entity also earns interest from its customer receivables on fixed rates. During the
                                  financial year ended 30 June 2023, the consolidated entity reviewed its pricing framework in
                                  accordance with its risk management policy in the event of a movement in interest rates.
                                  At 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity had CVI Convertible Notes which bears
                                  interest payable semi-annually at a fixed amount of $0.75 million and had Senior Convertible Notes
                                  with zero coupon and a yield of 2.25% per annum calculated on a semi-annual basis. Refer to
                                  Note 5 for details.




                                  150
                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                            ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        At the end of the reporting periods, the consolidated entity had the following variable rate
                        borrowing outstanding:
                                                                              Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                               Average       30 June 2023         Average     30 June 2022
                                                                          Interest Rate             $’000    Interest Rate           $’000

                            Floating rate secured borrowing                     7.35%        (2,582,201)            3.70%     (2,379,549)

                        At the end of reporting periods, the consolidated entity had the following financial assets and
                        liabilities exposed to variable interest rate risk:




For personal use only
                                                                                                             30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                    $’000            $’000

                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                            151,955          241,326
                            Restricted cash                                                                      123,955          58,369
                            Term deposit                                                                            7,196           3,864
                            Floating rate secured borrowing                                                   (2,582,201)     (2,379,549)

                        In the event of a +/– 100 basis points movement in the floating rate, based on reasonable possible
                        judgement, and with all other variables held constant, the consolidated entity’s:
                        –    Loss after tax for the year ended 30 June 2023 would increase/decrease by $16.1 million
                             (2022: increase/decrease by $14.5 million). This is mainly attributable to the consolidated
                             entity’s exposure to interest rates on its floating‑rate borrowings; and
                        –    Equity at 30 June 2023 would decrease/increase by $16.1 million (2022: decrease/increase
                             by $14.5 million).


                        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                        Management consider the risk arising from financial instruments because of the Interest Benchmark
                        Reform is the interest rate risk. The interest rate risk arising from the Interest Benchmark Reform
                        has an immaterial impact on the consolidated entity, and the risk has been closely monitored by
                        reviewing the contracts that had yet to transition to an alternative benchmark rate and proactively
                        managing the transition of existing IBOR‑linked contracts to new benchmark interest rates.
                        There were no changes to the contractual terms that are not necessary as a direct consequence
                        of the IBOR reform during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. At 30 June 2023, the consolidated
                        entity did not have derivatives or non-derivative financial instruments which were not yet transitioned
                        to an alternative benchmark rate when interest under the contract was indexed to a benchmark
                        rate that was still subject to IBOR reform. There are no further changes to interest rates in the
                        consolidated entity arising from the interest rate benchmark reform. The consolidated entity did
                        not have material hedging items or hedging instruments at 30 June 2023.
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity modified the terms of its
                        floating-rate secured borrowing facility in the US, which was indexed to USD LIBOR, to reference
                        Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). After the transition, the method used to calculate the
                        interest rate has been modified with an updated fixed spread to compensate for the basis
                        difference between the existing interest rate benchmark and the alternative benchmark rate.
                        The transition was a direct consequence of IBOR reform and the new basis for determining
                        the contractual cash flows was economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e., the basis
                        immediately preceding the change). The consolidated entity applied the practical expedient
                        and changed the basis for determining the contractual cash flows prospectively by revising
                        the effective interest rate. There were no other changes to the contractual terms that are not
                        necessary as a direct consequence of the IBOR reform.




                                                                                                                                   151
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
                                  in financial loss to the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity has a strict code of credit,
                                  including obtaining agency credit information, confirming application details and setting appropriate
                                  credit limits prior to customers joining the Zip platform.
                                  The consolidated entity regularly reviews customer collections, and collections past due.
                                  If there are uncollectable customer receivables, the consolidated entity will write off these
                                  receivables but will continue to work on their recovery.




For personal use only
                                  The consolidated entity regularly reviews the level of provision for expected credit loss to ensure
                                  that the level of provision is sufficient to mitigate the credit risk exposure in terms of financial
                                  reporting. The provision raised represents management’s expectation for credit losses in the
                                  receivables portfolio at the reporting date measured in accordance with AASB 9.
                                  The provision is estimated on the basis of historical loss experience for assets with similar credit
                                  characteristics by the consolidated entity and other companies with similar portfolios. The maximum
                                  exposure to credit risk at the reporting date for recognised financial assets is the carrying amount,
                                  net of any provisions for expected credit losses of those assets, as disclosed in the consolidated
                                  statement of financial position and notes to the consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note
                                  10 for detailed assessment of expected credit losses.
                                  The consolidated entity does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements.


                                  Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk management requires the consolidated entity to maintain sufficient liquid assets
                                  (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts
                                  as and when they become due and payable. The consolidated entity manages liquidity risk by
                                  maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring
                                  actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
                                  Each of the securitisation warehouses in place has loan covenants that are in line with standard
                                  market practice given the nature of the warehouse facilities. There were no material breaches of
                                  any of the covenants in place during the financial year.


                                  Financial Arrangements
                                  Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 16.


                                  Remaining Contractual Maturities
                                  The financial assets of the consolidated entity predominantly comprise customer receivables
                                  that have:
                                  –   An average repayment profile of five months for Zip Pay receivables, ten months for Zip Money
                                      receivables and twelve months for SME receivables; and
                                  –   Customer repayment for Zip’s Instalment product have a short-term duration, typically 42 days.
                                      Instalments products are offered by the Zip New Zealand business, and the Zip Americas and
                                      Zip EMEA operating segments (discontinued during the financial year ended 30 June 2023).




                                  152
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        The following tables detail the consolidated entity’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
                        liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
                        based on the earliest date on which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables
                        include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities and
                        therefore these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the Consolidated Statement of
                        Financial Position.
                                                       Weighted
                                                        Average                   Between      Between                     Remaining
                                                        Interest       1 Year      1 and 2      2 and 5            Over   Contractual
                                                            Rate      or Less        Years        Years         5 Years    Maturities




For personal use only
                         Consolidated 30 June 2023             %       $’000         $’000        $’000           $’000         $’000

                         Non‑interest‑bearing
                         Trade and other
                         payables                                   213,637             ‒             ‒              ‒       213,637
                         Deferred consideration                       1,889             ‒             ‒              ‒          1,889
                         Lease liabilities                             4,001        4,071        12,191              ‒        20,263
                         Interest‑bearing
                         Borrowings
                         –   Floating rate
                             borrowings                   7.35%    1,701,179    702,900       190,000                ‒    2,594,079
                         Total non‑derivatives                     1,920,706     706,971       202,191               ‒    2,829,868

                                                       Weighted
                                                        Average                   Between      Between                     Remaining
                                                        Interest       1 Year      1 and 2      2 and 5            Over   Contractual
                                                            Rate      or Less        Years        Years         5 Years    Maturities
                         Consolidated 30 June 2022             %       $’000         $’000        $’000           $’000         $’000

                         Non‑interest‑bearing
                         Trade and other
                         payables                                   140,547             ‒             ‒              ‒       140,547
                         Deferred consideration                      26,184             ‒             ‒              ‒        26,184
                         Lease liabilities                            3,080          435            551              ‒         4,066
                         Interest‑bearing
                         Borrowings
                         –   Floating rate
                             Borrowings                  3.70%      594,731     1,169,079      620,173               ‒    2,383,983
                         – Fixed rate
                           Borrowings                    11.50%            ‒       1,893              ‒              ‒          1,893
                         Total non‑derivatives                      764,542     1,171,407     620,724                ‒    2,556,673

                        The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur significantly earlier than
                        disclosed above.




                                                                                                                             153
                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Fair Value of Financial Instruments
                                  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in
                                  an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
                                  measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
                                  liability takes place either:
                                  –      In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
                                  –      In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
                                  The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the consolidated entity.




For personal use only
                                  The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants
                                  would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their
                                  economic best interest.


                                  Fair Value Hierarchy
                                  AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements by level in the
                                  fair value measurement hierarchy as follows:
                                  –      Level 1: the instrument has quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
                                         or liabilities.
                                  –      Level 2: a valuation technique is used using inputs other than quoted prices within level 1
                                         that are observable for the financial instrument, either directly (i.e. as prices), or indirectly
                                         (i.e. derived from prices).
                                  –      Level 3: a valuation technique is used using inputs that are not observable based on observable
                                         market data (unobservable inputs).
                                  The Directors consider that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities
                                  recognised in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.
                                                                                                                  Fair Value Hierarchy at 30 June 2023
                                                                                                        Level 1            Level 2         Level 31            Total
                                                                                                         $’000              $’000            $’000            $’000
                                       Financial assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                      151,955                   ‒                ‒         151,955
                                       Restricted cash                                               123,955                    ‒                ‒         123,955
                                       Other receivables                                                     ‒            77,062                 ‒          77,062
                                       Term deposit                                                          ‒              7,196                ‒           7,196
                                       Customer receivables                                                  ‒        2,596,832                  ‒       2,596,832
                                       Investments at FVTPL                                                  ‒            13,846                 ‒          13,846
                                       Total                                                         275,910          2,694,936                  ‒       2,970,846
                                       Financial liabilities
                                       Trade and other payables                                              ‒           213,637                 ‒         213,637
                                       Deferred consideration                                                ‒             1,889                 ‒           1,889
                                       Leasing liabilities                                                   ‒              17,717               ‒           17,717
                                       Borrowings                                                            ‒        2,591,208                  ‒       2,591,208
                                       Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                                       Net debt host                                                         ‒          324,805                  ‒         324,805
                                       Financial liabilities ‒ CVI Convertible notes
                                       embedded derivative                                                   ‒                  ‒            1,314           1,314
                                       Financial liabilities ‒ warrants                                      ‒                  ‒           1,049            1,049
                                       Total                                                                 ‒        3,149,256             2,363        3,151,619

                                  1.     Refer to price risk analysis in this note for the valuation method of financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                                         embedded derivative and financial liability‑warrants which are classified as level 3.




                                  154
                                                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                                          ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                                        Fair Value Hierarchy at 30 June 2022

                                                                                              Level 1            Level 2         Level 31            Total
                                                                                               $’000              $’000            $’000            $’000

                             Financial assets
                             Cash and cash equivalents                                     241,326                    ‒                ‒         241,326
                             Restricted cash                                                58,369                    ‒                ‒         58,369
                             Other receivables                                                     ‒            61,830                 ‒          61,830




For personal use only
                             Term deposit                                                          ‒             3,864                 ‒          3,864
                             Customer receivables                                                  ‒        2,508,124                  ‒       2,508,124
                             Total                                                        299,695           2,573,818                  ‒       2,873,513
                             Financial liabilities
                             Trade and other payables                                              ‒           140,547                 ‒         140,547
                             Deferred consideration                                                ‒            26,184                 ‒          26,184
                             Leasing liabilities                                                   ‒             4,039                 ‒           4,039
                             Borrowings                                                            ‒       2,380,909                   ‒       2,380,909
                             Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                             Net debt host                                                         ‒          378,937                  ‒         378,937
                             Financial liabilities ‒ CVI convertible notes
                             embedded derivative                                                   ‒                  ‒            1,851           1,851
                             Financial liabilities ‒ warrants                                      ‒                  ‒              128             128
                             Total                                                                 ‒        2,930,616             1,979        2,932,595

                        1.     Refer to price risk analysis in this note for the valuation method of financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes embedded
                               derivative and financial liability‑warrants which are classified as level 3.



                        NOTE 22. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL DISCLOSURES
                        Directors
                        The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (Zip or the Company) during the financial
                        year ended 30 June 2023:
                        –      Diane Smith‑Gander AO
                        –      Larry Diamond
                        –      Peter Gray
                        –      John Batistich
                        –      Meredith Scott (Appointed as a director on 1 September 2022)


                        Other KMP
                        –      Martin Brooke




                                                                                                                                                 155
                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Compensation
                                  The aggregate compensation paid to Directors and other members of key management personnel
                                  of the consolidated entity is set out below:
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023      30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                    $’000             $’000

                                       Short‑term employee benefits                                                                2,407            2,003
                                       Post‑employment benefits                                                                      162               127




For personal use only
                                       Long‑term benefits 1                                                                           69                97
                                       Share‑based payments                                                                          763              766
                                                                                                                                   3,401            2,993

                                  1.    Comparatives adjusted to reflect annual leave accrued in the prior financial year less amount taken.



                                  NOTE 23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                                  Parent Entity
                                  Zip Co Limited is the parent entity.


                                  Subsidiaries
                                  Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 26.


                                  Key Management Personnel
                                  Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 22 and the remuneration
                                  report included in the Directors’ report.


                                  Transactions with Related Parties
                                  During the financial year ended June 2023, Peter Gray invested $1.0 million in Class C Notes in
                                  Variable Funding Note 2 (VFN2) in the Zip Master Trust. The investment was made as part of a
                                  public offer process, on the same commercial terms as offered to each of the Class C noteholders
                                  investing in VFN2 in the Zip Master Trust. Zip made interest payments of $0.1 million to Peter Gray
                                  and there was an immaterial amount of accrued interest outstanding at 30 June 2023. Other than
                                  reported in this note and in Note 22, there were no other transactions with related parties during
                                  the current and previous financial year.


                                  Receivables from and Payable to Related Parties
                                  There were no trade receivables due from, or trade payables due to, related parties at the current
                                  and previous reporting date.


                                  Loans to/from Related Parties
                                  During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity provided loans to its
                                  associate TendoPay for working capital and loan funding purposes. The principal loan amount
                                  outstanding at 30 June 2022 was $3.8 million, with accrued interest of $0.5 million based on
                                  interest rate of 18% per annum. During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the principal and
                                  accrued interest were repaid by TendoPay to Zip.
                                  Other than reported in this note, there were no other loans to/from related parties at 30 June 2023
                                  and at 30 June 2022.




                                  156
                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                     ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 24. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                        During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by Deloitte
                        Touche Tohmatsu (the auditor of the consolidated entity) and other auditors:
                                                                                                      30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                             $’000            $’000

                         Deloitte
                         Audit and review of the financial statements




For personal use only
                         –   Group                                                                           1,526            1,526
                         –   Controlled entities                                                               671             983
                         Other Assurance services                                                               35             667
                         Non-audit services
                         –   Consulting services                                                                29              217
                         Total                                                                               2,261           3,393
                         Other Auditors
                         Audit and review of the financial statements                                          265               96
                         Non-audit services
                         –   Consulting services                                                                 77               –
                         Total                                                                                 342               96



                        NOTE 25. PARENT ENTITY INFORMATION
                        The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial
                        information shown below, are the same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements
                        except as set out in this Note.


                        Investment in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
                        Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are accounted for at cost. Dividends
                        (if any) received from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are recognised in profit or loss
                        when a right to receive the dividend is established (provided that it is probable that the economic
                        benefits will flow to the Parent and the amount of income can be measured reliably).


                        Tax Consolidation
                        The Company and its wholly‑owned Australian resident entities are members of a tax‑consolidated
                        group under Australian tax law. The Company is the head entity within the tax‑consolidated group.
                        See Note 1 for a summary of the significant accounting policies relating to the consolidated entity.
                        Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.


                        Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive income
                                                                                                                  Parent

                                                                                                      30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                             $’000            $’000

                         Loss after income tax                                                            (145,121)        (747,728)
                         Total comprehensive loss                                                         (145,121)        (747,728)




                                                                                                                           157
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                        Parent

                                                                                                              30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                                     $’000          $’000

                                   Total current assets                                                           63,439           72,730
                                   Total non‑current assets                                                     1,568,018         1,710,161
                                   Total assets                                                                 1,631,457        1,782,891




For personal use only
                                   Total current liabilities                                                     (349,416)       (406,047)
                                   Total liabilities                                                            (349,416)        (406,047)
                                   Net assets                                                                   1,282,041        1,376,844
                                   Issued capital                                                               2,121,541     2,041,496
                                   Reserves                                                                        75,918         105,645
                                   Convertible notes ‒ equity                                                     114,466         114,466
                                   Accumulated losses                                                         (1,029,884)        (884,763)
                                   Total equity                                                                 1,282,041        1,376,844


                                  Guarantees Entered into by the Parent Entity in Relation to the Debts of its
                                  Subsidiaries
                                  During the financial year ended 30 June 2023 and financial year 30 June 2022, the parent entity
                                  and certain subsidiaries had a deed of cross guarantee in place under which each company
                                  guarantees the debts of the others.
                                  By entering into the deed, the wholly‑owned entities have been relieved from the requirement
                                  to prepare financial statements and Directors’ Report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785
                                  issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                                  The effect of the Deed is that the parent entity guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any
                                  debt in the event of winding up of the subsidiaries included in the Deed under certain provisions
                                  of the Corporations Act 2001 .
                                  The subsidiaries detailed in Note 26 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each
                                  guarantees the debts of the others. These controlled entities have been relieved of the requirement
                                  to prepare a financial report and Directors’ Report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly‑owned
                                  Companies) Instruments 2016/785. These controlled entities and the Company form a Closed
                                  Group. Included in the Closed Group are receivables on zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd’s balance
                                  sheet which are transferred to the Trusts (which are not parties to the deed of cross guarantee)
                                  but failed derecognition due to zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd retaining substantially all the risks and
                                  rewards of ownership.
                                  The effects of transactions between entities to the deed are eliminated in full in the Consolidated
                                  Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
                                  Income as set out in the following tables.
                                  The parent entity has provided a corporate guarantee to secure the funding facility of the
                                  zipMoney 2017‑2 Trust as at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022.




                                  158
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of the Closed Group is set out in the following table:
                                                                                                        30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                               $’000            $’000

                         Assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                           61,525          157,722
                         Restricted cash                                                                      75,817          12,834
                         Other receivables                                                                    51,291          49,173




For personal use only
                         Customer receivables                                                             2,315,538        2,191,318
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                         3,853           3,062
                         Right‑of‑use assets                                                                  18,037           2,960
                         Intangible assets                                                                    13,767          20,867
                         Investments                                                                      1,079,359       1,230,703
                         Deferred tax assets                                                                 36,969                 –
                         Total Assets                                                                     3,656,156       3,668,639
                         Liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                                           (53,462)         (52,610)
                         Employee provisions                                                                  (7,053)         (5,970)
                         Lease liabilities                                                                   (17,034)         (3,207)
                         Borrowings                                                                     (2,358,245)      (2,128,303)
                         Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes and warrants                            (327,168)       (380,916)
                         Total Liabilities                                                               (2,762,962)     (2,571,006)
                         Net Assets                                                                         893,194        1,097,633
                         Equity
                         Issued capital                                                                    2,121,541      2,041,496
                         Reserves                                                                            75,439          105,167
                         Convertible notes ‒ equity                                                         114,466          114,466
                         Accumulated losses                                                              (1,418,252)      (1,163,496)
                         Total Equity                                                                       893,194        1,097,633




                                                                                                                             159
                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income of the Closed
                                  Group is set out in the following table:
                                                                                                             30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                    $’000           $’000

                                   Portfolio interest income                                                    346,854         275,224
                                   Transactional income                                                          22,026          18,244
                                   Revenue                                                                      368,880        293,468
                                   Other income                                                                    3,862             180




For personal use only
                                   Bad debts and expected credit losses                                        (105,942)       (124,087)
                                   Bank fees and data costs                                                      (24,418)       (22,667)
                                   Interest expense                                                             (127,987)       (55,493)
                                   Salaries and employee benefits expenses                                      (85,006)        (83,740)
                                   Marketing expenses                                                              (3,116)      (20,829)
                                   Information technology expenses                                               (23,149)       (22,128)
                                   Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                        (15,700)       (19,208)
                                   Share‑based payments                                                           (6,038)        (8,654)
                                   Corporate financing costs                                                   (109,390)        (30,669)
                                   Other operating costs                                                        (84,004)        (33,098)
                                   Impairment of investments                                                     (71,331)     (866,282)
                                   Fair Value (loss)/gain on financial instruments                                (8,264)        119,310
                                   Loss before income tax                                                      (291,603)       (873,897)
                                   Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                  36,847            (338)
                                   Loss after income tax                                                       (254,756)       (874,235)
                                   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                              ‒               ‒
                                   Total comprehensive loss                                                    (254,756)       (874,235)


                                  Contingencies
                                  Other than reported in Note 20, the parent entity had no contingencies as at 30 June 2023 and
                                  30 June 2022.


                                  Capital Commitments – Property, Plant and Equipment
                                  The parent entity had no capital commitments for property, plant and equipment as at 30 June 2023
                                  and 30 June 2022.




                                  160
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                       ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 26. INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES
                        Ultimate Parent
                        Zip Co Limited is the ultimate parent entity and the parent entity of the consolidated entity from
                        a legal perspective.


                        Corporate Structure
                        The legal corporate structure of the consolidated entity is set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                             Ownership Interest

                                                                      Principal Place of Business/      30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                         Name                                         Country of Incorporation                     %                %

                         Legal parent
                         Zip Co Limited1                              Australia
                         Legal subsidiaries
                         zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd1                   Australia                                100%             100%
                         zipMoney Trust 2017‑1 2                      Australia                                100%             100%
                         zipMoney Trust 2017‑2 2                      Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip Master Trust 2                           Australia                                100%             100%
                         zipMoney Holdings Pty Ltd1                   Australia                                100%             100%
                         zipMoney Securities Ltd                      Australia                                100%             100%
                         Pocketbook Holdings Pty Ltd                  Australia                                100%             100%
                         Pocketbook Australia Pty Ltd                 Australia                                100%             100%
                         Pocketbook Technologies Pty Ltd              Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip Domestic Holdings Pty Limited            Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip International Holdings Pty Limited       Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip International India Pty Ltd              Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip Business Australia Pty Ltd               Australia                                100%             100%
                         Funding Box 3                                Australia                                100%             100%
                         ZipBiz Trust 2020‑1 2                        Australia                                100%             100%
                         Zip Business Trust 2022‑1 2                  Australia                                100%             100%
                         Urge Holdings Pty Ltd                        Australia                                100%             100%
                         Urge Technologies Pty Ltd                    Australia                                100%             100%
                         Shnap Pty Ltd                                Australia                                100%             100%
                         zipMoney Payments (NZ) Limited               New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Zip Business New Zealand Pty Ltd             New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Funding Box NZ Limited                       New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Zip Co NZ Limited                            New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Zip Co NZ Finance Limited                    New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1                          New Zealand                              100%             100%
                         Zip Co Payments UK Limited                   United Kingdom                           100%             100%
                         Zip Co Finance UK Limited                    United Kingdom                           100%             100%
                         Zip UK Holdings LTD                          United Kingdom                           100%             100%




                                                                                                                             161
                                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                                                                                                                     Ownership Interest

                                                                                             Principal Place of Business/       30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                       Name                                                  Country of Incorporation                      %              %

                                       Zip Co US inc.                                        United States of America                 100%            100%
                                       QuadPay AR1 LLC                                       United States of America                 100%            100%
                                       AR2 Holdco LLC                                        United States of America                 100%            100%
                                       AR2 LLC                                               United States of America                 100%            100%




For personal use only
                                       Zip Co Canada Holdings Inc.                           United States of America                 100%            100%
                                       Hemenal Finansman A.Ş.                                Turkey                                  50.2%                60%
                                       Zip Co Payments Canada ULC                            Canada                                   100%            100%
                                       Zip Co Payments Mexico. S.A.de C.V.                   Mexico                                   100%            100%
                                       Zip Global Consulting Pte Ltd                         Singapore                                100%            100%
                                       Spotii Holdings Ltd                                   United Arab Emirates                          ‒          100%
                                       Spotii DMMC                                           United Arab Emirates                          ‒          100%
                                       Spotii Arabia for Information Technology
                                       (KSA)                                                 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                       ‒          100%
                                       Spotii Pakistan (SMC‑Private) Limited                 Pakistan                                      ‒          100%
                                       Payflex Proprietary Limited                           South Africa                                  ‒          100%
                                       Twisto Payments a.s.                                  Czech Republic                                ‒          100%
                                       Nikita Engine s.r.o.                                  Czech Republic                                ‒          100%
                                       Twisto FinCo s.r.o.                                   Czech Republic                                ‒          100%
                                       Twisto Polska Sp z.o.o.                               Poland                                        ‒          100%
                                       Twisto Finco PL Sp. z.o.o.                            Poland                                        ‒          100%

                                  1.     These entities have entered into a deed of cross guarantee, refer to Note 25 for details.
                                  2.     Ownership is through zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd, which is both the Participating Unitholder and Residual Unitholder
                                         of the zipMoney Trust 2017‑1, and the zipMoney Trust 2017‑2, the Zip Master Trust, the ZipBiz Trust 2020‑1 and the
                                         Zip Business Trust 2022‑1.




                                  162
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        NOTE 27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
                        Movement in Share-Based Payments Reserve
                                                                                                         30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                            Details                                                                             $’000            $’000

                            Opening balance                                                                   85,475          116,515
                            Recognised for the year
                            –    At Risk Short‑Term Incentive                                                   8,516          18,484




For personal use only
                            –    At Risk Long‑Term Incentive                                                   (1,438)           1,647
                            –    Fixed Long‑Term Equity                                                          3,741         13,180
                            –    Amazon warrants                                                                     –          (2,931)
                            –    Recognition of replacement options issued to QuadPay
                                 after acquisition                                                                 172             557
                            –    Issue of shares to business acquisition                                             –           2,156
                            –    Issue of shares to IT development and software purchases                            –            264
                            –    Recognition of NED equity plans                                                    47               –
                            Total recognised for the year                                                      11,038          33,357
                            Exercised for the year
                            –    Exercise of share‑based payments                                              (9,246)        (41,544)
                            –    Issue of shares to Zip Employee Share Trust                                  (10,637)        (22,853)
                            Total exercised for the year                                                      (19,883)        (64,397)
                            Closing balance                                                                   76,630           85,475


                        Employee Short-Term Incentive Plan
                        Short‑term incentives are granted to employees for their contribution to the performance of
                        the consolidated entity and include annual share awards, sign‑ on bonuses and project-specific
                        incentives. Provision is made during the year for incentives that are to be issued during the year
                        and in subsequent years.
                        Shares have been issued under the Employee Short‑Term Incentive Plan as follows:
                        –       20,849,020 ordinary shares issued in financial year 2023 with a weighted average share
                                price of $0.76; and
                        –       4,953,510 ordinary shares issued in financial year 2022 with a weighted average share
                                price of $5.83.
                        Shares issued vest immediately other than those issued to KMP as set out in the Remuneration Report.
                        Shares issued under the Short‑Term Incentive Plan are expensed as share‑based payments as
                        the services have been provided.




                                                                                                                              163
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan
                                  Performance rights include At Risk Long‑Term Incentive (LTI) and Fixed Long‑Term Equity (LTE),
                                  which are subject to the consolidated entity’s Remuneration Framework Structure as set out in
                                  Remuneration Report.

                                  LTI:
                                  LTIs have been issued under the consolidated entity’s Employee Long‑Term Incentive Plan as follows:
                                  –    2,559,097 LTIs issued in financial year 2023 to management; and




For personal use only
                                  –    374,756 LTIs issued in financial year 2022 to management.
                                  Details of LTIs movement are as follows:
                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                  Average         Number
                                                                                                                 Fair Value         of LTI
                                                                                                                          $        Issued

                                      Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                              4,631,361
                                      Granted during the year                                                        2.99       374,756
                                      Lapsed during the year                                                         4.99     (1,094,418)
                                   Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                                 3,911,699
                                   Granted during the year                                                           0.26     2,559,097
                                   Exercised during the year                                                         2.65      (386,666)
                                   Lapsed during the year                                                            4.58      (635,769)
                                   Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                    5,448,361

                                  The LTIs on issue have a nil exercise price and vest on the achievement of Total Shareholder
                                  Return and time-based hurdles over the period from the date of grant to the assessment dates.
                                  The assessment date is three years from the date of grant.
                                  LTIs granted were valued by an independent valuation using a custom‑built Monte Carlo model
                                  which simulates multiple paths for the share price over the duration of the grant’s life. The pay
                                  out of the rights is then calculated along each simulated path based on the realised performance
                                  of the share price along that path and discounted to the valuation date. The value of the rights
                                  is then averaged across all the simulations to obtain the fair value of the rights. This process is
                                  repeated for each volatility scenario. These benefits are recognised as share‑based payments
                                  over the vesting period.




                                  164
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        LTE:
                        LTEs issued provide Zip with the best opportunity to attract and retain senior leaders and high-quality
                        talent. LTEs were issued with equal vesting over one to four years. LTE is not subject to any
                        performance hurdles and only requires the employees to remain employed for the rights to vest.
                        Details of LTEs movement are as follows:
                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                              Average          Number
                                                                                                             Fair Value          of LTE
                                                                                                                      $         Issued




For personal use only
                         Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                       2,145,658
                         Granted during the year                                                                 5.46      5,837,586
                         Lapsed during the year                                                                  6.58      (1,907,352)
                         Vested during the year                                                                   7.16      (795,345)
                         Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                                       5,280,547
                         Granted during the year                                                                 0.56     16,989,338
                         Lapsed during the year                                                                  2.07     (5,779,585)
                         Vested during the year                                                                  2.20     (3,438,460)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                          13,051,840

                        All granted LTEs were valued under risk neutral principles, with the future expected value for each
                        LTE being the grant date share price escalated at the risk‑free rate. This future expected value is
                        discounted back to the grant date using the risk‑free rate, resulting in the fair value at the grant
                        date being Zip’s share price at the grant date.


                        Restricted Rights to NEDs for FY23
                        The Company established the NED Equity Plan to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of
                        NEDs and to provide an opportunity for the NEDs to acquire shareholdings in the Company through
                        the sacrifice of fees into equity. Following approval by shareholders at the 2022 AGM, the rights
                        under the NED Equity Plan were granted on 23 December 2023 and vested immediately, not subject
                        to performance‑based vesting conditions or vesting conditions of any kind.
                        Details of rights under the NED Equity Plan movement are as follows:
                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                          Average Fair       Number of
                                                                                                                Value        NED Equity
                                                                                                                    $           Issued

                         Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                                                 –
                         Granted during the year                                                                 0.52           87,719
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                87,719

                        All rights granted under the NED Equity Plan were valued under risk neutral principles, with the
                        future expected value for each right under the NED Equity Plan being the grant date share price
                        escalated at the risk‑free rate. This future expected value is discounted back to the grant date
                        using the risk‑free rate, resulting in the fair value at the grant date being Zip’s share price at the
                        grant date. The weighted average fair value at the grant date of the rights under the NED Equity
                        Plan is $0.52. Each right under the NED Equity Plan ends 15 years after the grant date, and if not
                        exercised before the end of the Term the rights under the NED Equity Plan will lapse.




                                                                                                                              165
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                                  Share Options
                                  Share of Options Issued on Acquisition of QuadPay
                                  The options issued during the financial year 2021 were the replacement awards issued to
                                  employees and other option holders of QuadPay on the acquisition of QuadPay. The outstanding
                                  share options in QuadPay were replaced by options in Zip at 31 August 2020 on the acquisition of
                                  QuadPay. There were 10,480,369 replacement options issued to employees and non‑employees.
                                  No amounts were paid or payable by the recipient on receipt of the option. The options carry
                                  neither rights to dividends nor voting rights. Options may be exercised at any time from the date
                                  of vesting to the date of their expiry.




For personal use only
                                  Each option expires on the earlier of:
                                  –    The expiry dates of the options which varies between 28 May 2028 and 28 May 2030; and
                                  –    The date on which the options otherwise lapse in accordance with the terms of the Award
                                       Agreement between the Company and the relevant QuadPay option holder, and the terms
                                       of the QuadPay option Plan.
                                  Details of Employee Share Options outstanding during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                   Average
                                                                                                                  Exercise
                                                                                                                      Price        Number
                                                                                                                          $     of Options

                                      Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                             3,862,546
                                      Exercised during the year                                                      0.27     (2,177,352)
                                      Forfeited during the year                                                      0.48       (713,484)
                                      Expired during the year                                                        0.27        (11,448)
                                      Balance at the 30 June 2022                                                               960,262
                                      Exercised during the year                                                       0.16     (225,090)
                                      Forfeited during the year                                                       0.31      (114,933)
                                      Expired during the year                                                        0.45       (118,077)
                                      Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                   502,162

                                  Replacement options were valued at $85.3 million at 31 August 2020 by using a Black Scholes
                                  pricing model, with the key inputs being the grant dates share price of $9.16, weighted average
                                  exercised price of $0.20, expected volatility of 50%, expected life of 8 to 10 years, risk free rate
                                  of 0.07%, and expected dividend yield of nil. In determining the expected prospective volatility,
                                  an observed 4 year historical volatility of share prices was considered, based on the share prices
                                  of a range of comparable companies in the industry which Zip operates, as well as that of Zip.
                                  For options exercised during the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the weighted average Zip
                                  share price at the dates of exercise was $0.53 ($3.40 in June 2022).

                                  Westpac Options
                                  At 30 June 2022, the Company had 5,880,000 outstanding options held by Westpac Banking
                                  Corporation that vest based on the achievement of certain revenue hurdles. No person entitled to
                                  exercise the options had or has any right by virtue of the option to participate in any share issue
                                  of the Company or of any other body corporate. In the event a hurdle is achieved, the associated
                                  options vest, and lapse 12 months after vesting. As at 30 June 2022, none of the revenue hurdles
                                  had been met and no options have vested. Options relating to any hurdle not achieved by
                                  10 August 2022 automatically lapsed. The 5,880,000 options lapsed on this basis and were
                                  cancelled on 8 September 2022.




                                  166
                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
             Annual                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued




                        Amazon Warrants
                        During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, there was no share-based payment expense
                        provided in relation to the Amazon warrants (FY22: ($2.9 million)). Refer to Note 17 for details.


                        NOTE 28. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                        In June 2023, Zip announced that existing holders of its Senior Convertible Notes had approved
                        certain amendments to the terms and conditions of the Senior Convertible Notes to become
                        effective following the Extraordinary General Meeting on 31 July 2023. At the Extraordinary General




For personal use only
                        Meeting shareholders approved the amendments and the physical settlement of the Senior
                        Convertible Notes and the Amending Documents governing the Senior Convertible Notes were
                        subsequently executed.
                        At 30 June 2023, the Senior Convertible Notes had a principal amount of $290.2 million. The amended
                        Senior Convertible Notes have a principal amount of $137.8 million, with an option for investors to
                        put the amended Senior Convertible Notes back to Zip on 23 April 2025 at 109.17% of the principal
                        amount. A coupon of 5.0% per annum is payable on a semi‑annual basis and at the Final Maturity
                        Date of 23 April 2028, noteholders may redeem the amended Senior Convertible Notes at
                        129.30% of the principal amount. At any time up to 10 business days prior to the Final Maturity
                        Date, noteholders have the option of converting the amended Senior Convertible Notes into Zip’s
                        ordinary shares at a share price of $0.517 (adjusted in accordance with standard anti‑dilutive
                        provisions).
                        The amendment of the Senior Convertible Notes is a substantial modification of the terms of
                        an existing financial liability, and will be accounted for as an extinguishment of the pre‑existing
                        financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. A gain is expected to be recognised
                        on extinguishment of the pre‑existing Senior Convertible Notes along with the associated
                        tax impact.
                        As part of the Consent Solicitation, an Early Bird Fee of $2.1 million was paid to eligible noteholders
                        subsequent to the year end.
                        In July 2023, the final payment of $1.9 million in relation to contingent consideration to the former
                        Payflex shareholders has been made and the liability reduced to Nil.
                        In August 2023, Zip agreed an extension to the maturity date of the Zip NZ Trust 2021-1 to
                        31 July 2024.
                        In September 2023, Zip made a payment of $10.8 million, which included accrued interest of $0.8 million,
                        under the terms of the CVI Convertible Notes. Following the repayment, 400 Convertible Notes with
                        a face value of $40.0 million remain outstanding and held by CVI Investments, Inc. In addition,
                        Zip cancelled 19,365,208 warrants issued to CVI due to their expiration.
                        To the date of the release of this report, there have been no other material items, transactions
                        or events subsequent to 30 June 2023 that relate to conditions existing at that date and which
                        require comment or adjustment to the figures dealt with in this report.




                                                                                                                              167
                                                                                                                     Directors’ Declaration


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Directors’ Declaration

                                  The Directors declare that in the Directors’ opinion:
                                  –   There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as
                                      and when they become due and payable;
                                  –   The attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting
                                      Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as described in Note 1
                                      to the financial statements;
                                  –   The attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001 , the
                                      Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional




For personal use only
                                      reporting requirements;
                                  –   The attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the consolidated
                                      entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its performance for the financial year
                                      ended on that date; and
                                  –   The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations
                                      Act 2001 .
                                  At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC
                                  Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/ 785. The nature of the deed of cross
                                  guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guarantees to each creditor
                                  payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.
                                  In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the
                                  companies to which ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 applies,
                                  as detailed in Note 25 to the financial statements will, as a group, be able to meet any liabilities to
                                  which they are, or may become, subject because of the deed of cross guarantee.
                                  Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the
                                  Corporations Act 2001 .
                                  On behalf of the Directors,




                                  Cynthia Scott
                                  Group Chief Executive Officer
                                  and Managing Director
                                  28 September 2023




                                  168
                                                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
             Annual                                                                                                                            ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Independent Auditor’s
                        Report to the Members

                                                                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                               ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                               Quay Quarter Tower
                                                                                                               50 Bridge Street
                                                                                                               Sydney, NSW 2000
                                                                                                               Australia

                                                                                                               Phone: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                               www.deloitte.com.au




For personal use only
                               Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Zip Co
                                                      Limited

                          Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                          Opinion
                          We have audited the financial report of Zip Co Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
                          “Group”) which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2023, the
                          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
                          statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
                          ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policies, and the
                          directors’ declaration.

                          In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the
                          Corporations Act 2001, including:
                          •      Giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its financial
                                 performance for the year then ended; and
                          •      Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                          Basis for Opinion
                          We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities
                          under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
                          Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
                          auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of
                          the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                          Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
                          financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                          with the Code.
                          We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has
                          been given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as
                          at the time of this auditor’s report.
                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                          for our opinion.




                          Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                          Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.




                                                                                                                                                  169
                                                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




For personal use only
                                        Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern
                                        We draw attention to Note 1 (d) in the consolidated financial statements, which sets forth the events
                                        or conditions that indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the
                                        Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.


                                        Key Audit Matters
                                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                                        in our audit of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the
                                        context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
                                        do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the
                                        Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern section, we have determined the matters described
                                        below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.




                                  170
                                                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
             Annual                                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                               Key Audit Matter                                 How the scope of our audit responded to the




For personal use only
                                                                                Key Audit Matter
                               Expected credit loss provisioning                Our procedures included, but were not limited
                                                                                to:
                               As at 30 June 2023, the carrying value of
                               Customer receivables recorded was                •   Obtaining an understanding of the source
                               $2,597m, which included a provision for              of data inputs, the methodology used, and
                               expected credit loss (ECL) of $152.1m as             credit estimates and judgements made by
                               disclosed in Note 10.                                management in the provisioning models;
                               The Group’s models to measure the                •   Understanding the key controls relating to
                               ‘expected credit losses’, that meet the              the customer loan approval, collection,
                               measurement objective of AASB 9 Financial            identification of overdue amounts,
                               Instruments, involve the use of significant          transaction data, impairment assumptions,
                               judgements and assumptions to:                       judgement and modelling processes and
                                    •   Classify credit instruments into            calculations;
                                        three credit risk buckets based on      •   Agreeing a sample of data inputs into the
                                        assessment of increases in credit           provisioning models to calculate the
                                        risk and objective evidence of              probability of default, exposure at default
                                        impairment or write off, using              and loss given default, to the relevant
                                        historical roll rates;                      source documentation and historical loan
                                    •   Determine the probability of                portfolio performance and recovery
                                        default, exposure at default and loss       records;
                                        given default based on historical       •   Assessing the provisioning methodology
                                        data adjusted for current economic          with reference to relevant accounting
                                        conditions and forward looking              standards;
                                        information; and
                                                                                •   Testing the mathematical accuracy of the
                                    •   Formulate and incorporate multiple          models;
                                        forward looking macroeconomic
                                                                                •   Considering the reasonableness of
                                        and regulatory scenarios in the
                                                                                    management’s key assumptions used in
                                        model risk overlay.
                                                                                    determining probability of default,
                               We consider this to be a key audit matter due        exposure at default, loss given default and
                               to the significance of the Customer                  lifetime expected loss;
                               receivables balance to the consolidated
                               financial statements, the level of judgement     •   Considering the reasonableness of
                               and subjectivity in the selection and                judgemental overlays in response to the
                               application of the key assumptions and               current and forward looking, regulatory,
                               estimates used to determine expected credit          model risk and macroeconomic factors and
                               losses, and the volume and complexity of             environment; and
                               data sets and provisioning models used to        •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in
                               perform the calculations.                            Note 1 (f), Note 10 and Note 21 to the
                                                                                    financial statements.




                                                                                                                                               171
                                                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                                         Key Audit Matter                               How the scope of our audit responded to the




For personal use only
                                                                                        Key Audit Matter
                                         Impairment of Goodwill and other               Our procedures were performed in conjunction
                                         indefinite life intangible assets              with our valuation specialists and included, but
                                                                                        were not limited to:
                                         Goodwill of $209.2m and intangible assets
                                         of $141.6m allocated to the Group’s            •   Obtaining an understanding of any changes
                                         remaining cash-generating units (CGUs)             to the internal and external impairment
                                         were assessed by management for                    indicators (such as the impact of macro-
                                         impairment as disclosed in Note 12 and             economic factors on cash flow forecasts,
                                         Note 13.                                           revisions to strategic direction and changes
                                         $18.4m of        goodwill relating to              in market capitalisation);
                                         discontinued operations, $2.1m of              •   Understanding the key controls relating to
                                         goodwill and $7.7m intangible assets both          the preparation and review of impairment
                                         relating to continuing operations were             models;
                                         impaired during the year.
                                                                                        •   Assessing the competence and capabilities
                                         Management         conducted         annual        of management’s valuation expert;
                                         impairment tests (or more frequently
                                         where impairment indicators existed) to        •   Assessing management’s position paper to
                                         assess the recoverable amount of goodwill          identify the CGU to which goodwill has
                                         and other indefinite life intangible assets.       been allocated;
                                         This assessment was performed through          •   Evaluating consistency of management’s
                                         the preparation of discounted free cash            projections, historical track record and
                                         flow to equity Value in Use models.                external market evidence;
                                         The impairment test requires judgement in      •   Testing the model methodology and
                                         respect of key assumptions including               mathematical accuracy;
                                         forecast compound annual growth rate
                                         (CAGR) of transaction volumes and              •   Considering the reasonableness of key
                                         revenue over a 5 year period, long-term            assumptions used in the impairment
                                         annual growth rates and discount rates.            model, such as the Board’s revised strategic
                                                                                            direction, forecast compound annual
                                         The impairment of goodwill and other               growth rate (CAGR) of transaction volumes,
                                         intangible assets acquired in a business           long-term annual growth rate and discount
                                         combination was a key audit matter due to          rate;
                                         the presence of significant impairment
                                         indicators, and the degree of estimation       •   Assessing the appropriateness of any
                                         associated with the assumptions used in the        impairment charges recognised; and
                                         impairment assessment.                         •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in
                                                                                            Note 1 (f), Note 1(k), Note 1 (l), Note 12 and
                                                                                            Note 13 to the financial statements.


                                         Convertible notes                              Our procedures were performed in conjunction
                                                                                        with our accounting technical and tax experts.
                                         The Group issued $400.0m zero coupon
                                                                                        They included, but were not limited to:
                                         senior convertible notes on 23 April 2021.




                                  172
                                                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
             Annual                                                                                                                        ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                               Key Audit Matter                                 How the scope of our audit responded to the




For personal use only
                                                                                Key Audit Matter
                               On initial recognition, the Senior Convertible •      Obtaining an understanding of the nature
                               Notes contained two components, a debt                and terms of the senior convertible note
                               contract and a separate conversion feature.           liability management exercises;
                               The debt contract was classified as a financial
                                                                               •     Understanding the key controls relating to
                               liability measured at amortised cost and the
                                                                                     the preparation and review of accounting
                               conversion feature was classified as equity in
                                                                                     positions, transactions and disclosures;
                               accordance with AASB 132.
                                                                               •     Reviewing     management’s      accounting
                               During the financial year ended 30 June 2023,
                                                                                     position papers and evaluating the external
                               the Group completed liability management
                                                                                     accounting assessment performed by
                               exercises to convert into equity $109.8m of
                                                                                     management’s accounting expert;
                               the $400m zero coupon Senior Convertible
                               Notes on issue, resulting in derecognition of •       Assessing the competence and capabilities
                               $93.4m of the liability component.                    of management’s accounting expert;
                               At 30 June 2023, a financial liability of •           Testing the mathematical accuracy of
                               $277.9m in relation to the underlying debt            effective interest adjustments;
                               component and $114.5m in relation to the
                               equity component of the remaining Senior •            Considering the appropriateness of
                               Convertible Notes was recognised in the               management’s decision to revise its
                               financial statements as disclosed in Note 5.          estimated redemption probability of the
                                                                                     associated put option;
                               $29.9m of conversion incentive expenses and
                               $65.9m of effective interest expense were •           In conjunction with our technical accounting
                               also recognised in respect of the Senior              specialists,    assessing    management’s
                               Convertible Notes, as disclosed in Note 5.            proposed accounting treatment of the
                                                                                     liability    management      exercise    for
                               In addition, as disclosed in Note 28, the Group       compliance with the relevant accounting
                               completed the Consent Solicitation exercise           standards (AASB 132);
                               on 31 July 2023. The Group expects the
                               transaction to result in a future taxable profit. •   Considering the timing of consent
                               A Deferred tax asset of $37.0m was                    solicitation exercise to determine the
                               recognised, which represents previously               appropriate period in which to recognise the
                               unrecognised tax losses, against which future         impact;
                               taxable gains are expected to be offset.          •   Assessing the appropriate accounting
                               We consider this to be a key audit matter as          treatment for related tax consequences,
                               accounting for the impact of the senior               including assessing probability for future
                               convertible note liability management                 taxable profits against which deferred tax
                               exercise,    including   the     incentivised         assets are expected to be utilised; and
                               conversion and consent solicitation is an area •      Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in
                               of significant accounting complexity. The             Note 1 (o), Note 5 and Note 28 to the
                               recognition of a deferred tax asset requires          financial statements.
                               judgement in determining whether it is
                               probable that future taxable profits will be
                               available.




                                                                                                                                              173
                                                                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                                         Key Audit Matter                                   How the scope of our audit responded to the




For personal use only
                                                                                            Key Audit Matter
                                         IT systems                                         Our procedures were performed in conjunction
                                                                                            with our IT experts. They included, but were not
                                         The Group’s operations and financial
                                                                                            limited to:
                                         reporting processes are heavily dependent
                                         on IT systems for the processing and               •    Developing an understanding of the IT
                                         recording of a significant volume of                    systems, IT application controls and IT
                                         transactions.                                           dependent manual controls that were
                                         Therefore, we consider the operation of                 integral to the lending and financial
                                         financial reporting IT systems and controls to          reporting processes;
                                         be a key audit matter.                             •    Understanding and evaluating the design
                                                                                                 and implementation of the relevant
                                                                                                 controls; and
                                                                                            •    Where we identified control matters relating
                                                                                                 to IT systems relevant to our audit, we
                                                                                                 evaluated manual controls and varied the
                                                                                                 nature, timing and extent of our substantive
                                                                                                 procedures.




                                        Other Information
                                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                                        information included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2023, but does not
                                        include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.
                                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                                        form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other
                                        information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
                                        the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
                                        misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
                                        misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                                        report in this regard.


                                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives
                                        a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                                        2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
                                        of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement,
                                        whether due to fraud or error.




                                  174
                                                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
             Annual                                                                                                                          ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                              In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group




For personal use only
                              to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
                              the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                              cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


                              Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
                              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                              free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
                              that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
                              that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a
                              material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                              considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
                              influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
                              As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                              judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                              •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
                                   fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                                   evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                                   detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                                   error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                                   override of internal control.
                              •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                   procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                                   opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
                              •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                   estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
                              •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                                   and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                                   events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
                                   going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
                                   attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such
                                   disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
                                   evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
                                   may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
                              •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                   disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
                                   in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                              •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
                                   or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                                   responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group’s audit. We remain
                                   solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                                175
                                                                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members continued




                                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing




For personal use only
                                        of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
                                        that we identify during our audit.
                                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                                        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                                        matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
                                        actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
                                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                                        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                                        should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


                                        Report on the Remuneration Report


                                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 66 to 96 of the Directors’ Report for
                                        the year ended 30 June 2023.
                                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Zip Co Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2023,
                                        complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.


                                        Responsibilities
                                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted
                                        in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                                        Mark Lumsden
                                        Partner
                                        Chartered Accountants
                                        Sydney, 28 September 2023




                                  176
                                                                                                      Shareholder Information
             Annual                                                                                                ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023




                        Shareholder Information

                        The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 6 September 2023.


                        DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITABLE SECURITIES
                        Analysis of Number of Equitable Security Holders by Size of Holding
                                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                    Number of        of Holders
                                                                                                    Holders of      of Unlisted
                                                                                                     Ordinary     Warrants Exp




For personal use only
                         Range                                                                         Shares       06.11.2026

                         1 to 1,000                                                                   68,982                 –
                         1,001 to 5,000                                                               24,548                 –
                         5,001 to 10,000                                                                6,180                –
                         10,001 to 100,000                                                              7,667                –
                         100,001 and over                                                                 698                 1
                         Total                                                                       108,075                  1
                         Holding less than a marketable parcel                                        76,856                 –

                                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                                     Holders of
                                                                                                                      Unquoted
                                                                                                          CVI           Options
                                                                                                   Convertible          Vesting
                         Range                                                                          Notes       10.08.2022

                         1 to 1,000                                                                          1               ‒
                         100,001 and over                                                                    ‒               –
                         Total                                                                               1               –
                         Holding less than a marketable parcel                                               ‒               ‒

                                                                                     Number of       Number of       Number of
                                                                                     Holders of      Holders of      Holders of
                                                                                      Unquoted        Unquoted        Unquoted
                                                                                  Performance     Performance     Performance
                                                                                        Rights,         Rights,         Rights,
                                                                                        Vesting         Vesting         Vesting
                         Range                                                      15.02.2022      15.02.2023      15.02.2024

                         100,001 and over                                                    2               2                2
                         Total                                                               2               2                2
                         Holding less than a marketable parcel                               ‒               ‒               ‒

                                                                                    Number of        Number of       Number of
                                                                                     Holders of      Holders of      Holders of
                                                                                     Unquoted         Unquoted        Unquoted
                                                                                  Performance     Performance     Performance
                                                                                        Rights,         Rights,         Rights,
                                                                                       Vesting          Vesting         Vesting
                         Range                                                      15.09.2021      15.09.2022      15.09.2023

                         10,001 to 100,000                                                   –               –               –
                         100,001 and over                                                    1               3               3
                         Total                                                               1               3               3
                         Holding less than a marketable parcel                               ‒               ‒               ‒




                                                                                                                      177
                                                                                             Shareholder Information


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Shareholder Information continued




                                                                             Number of       Number of       Number of
                                                                             Holders of      Holders of      Holders of
                                                                              Unquoted        Unquoted        Unquoted
                                                                          Performance     Performance     Performance
                                                                                Rights,         Rights,         Rights,
                                                                                Vesting         Vesting         Vesting
                                  Range                                     15.09.2024      14.09.2023      07.06.2023

                                  10,001 to 100,000                                  4               2                1
                                  100,001 and over                                   2               –                –




For personal use only
                                  Total                                              6               2                1
                                  Holding less than a marketable parcel              ‒               ‒                ‒

                                                                                             Number of       Number of
                                                                                             Holders of      Holders of
                                                                                              Unquoted        Unquoted
                                                                                          Performance     Performance
                                                                                                Rights,         Rights,
                                                                                                Vesting         Vesting
                                  Range                                                     07.06.2024      15.09.2025

                                  10,001 to 100,000                                                  1                –
                                  100,001 and over                                                   –                5
                                  Total                                                              1                5
                                  Holding less than a marketable parcel                              ‒                ‒

                                                                                                                LTE Plan
                                                                                                              ‒ Unlisted
                                                                                                          Performance
                                                                                                                 Rights,
                                                                                                                 Vesting
                                                                                              QuadPay     Various Dates
                                                                                             Employee              up to
                                  Range                                                        Options      08.03.2027

                                  1 to 1,000                                                         1               14
                                  1,001 to 5,000                                                     1              90
                                  5,001 to 10,000                                                    1              33
                                  10,001 to 100,000                                                 13             140
                                  100,001 and over                                                   1               19
                                  Total                                                             17             296
                                  Holding less than a marketable parcel                              –                –




                                  178
                                                                                                     Shareholder Information
             Annual                                                                                               ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Shareholder Information continued




                        EQUITY SECURITY HOLDERS
                        Twenty Largest Quoted Equity Security Holders
                        The names of the twenty largest security holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares

                                                                                                                     % of Total
                                                                                                                       Shares
                                                                                                  Number Held          Issued




For personal use only
                         DIAMOND VENTURE HOLDINGS PTY LTD <DIAMOND FT A/C>                        54,448,015             6.39
                         UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                    36,008,843              4.23
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                            27,656,951             3.25
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                27,340,314              3.21
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                23,701,367              2.78
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED – A/C 2                         22,711,187             2.67
                         MR PETER JOHN GRAY                                                       15,702,474              1.84
                         WASHINGTON H SOUL PATTINSON AND COMPANY LIMITED                         13,904,039               1.63
                         ST LAWRENCE CORPORATION PTY LTD <ST LAWRENCE A/C>                        13,278,305              1.56
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>               10,779,818              1.27
                         MR DESHUN SHI                                                           10,000,000               1.17
                         SOLIUM NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD <VSA A/C>                             9,105,889              1.07
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                            7,757,626              0.91
                         TOMANOVIC MULTIOWN PTY LTD <AFS SUPER FUND A/C>                          6,000,000               0.70
                         SUPERHERO SECURITIES LIMITED <CLIENT A/C>                                 5,934,673              0.70
                         MR ADAM MARC FINGER                                                       5,403,147             0.63
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED
                         <EUROCLEAR BANK SA NV A/C>                                                3,406,901             0.40
                         MR CHANGHUI PEI                                                           3,215,000             0.38
                         ROCKET INTERNET CAPITAL PARTNERS SCS <RICP SCS A/C>                      2,954,596              0.35
                         MRS XIAOLI CAI                                                           2,850,000              0.33
                         Total                                                                   302,159,145             35.47




                                                                                                                     179
                                                                                                                 Shareholder Information


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  Shareholder Information continued




                                  Unquoted Equity Securities
                                                                                                                   Number          Number
                                                                                                                  on Issue      of Holders

                                   Unlisted Warrants, Expiry 6 November 2026                                    7,307,500                1
                                   Unlisted Warrants, Expiry 6 November 2026                                   3,653,750                 1
                                   CVI Convertible Notes                                                                400              1
                                   QuadPay Employee options                                                      489,799               17




For personal use only
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2022                                406,666                2
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2023                                406,666                2
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2024                                406,668                2
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2021                                 116,667                1
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2022                                393,334                3
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2023                                 381,617               3
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2024                                 312,941               6
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 14.09.2023                                 23,030                2
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 07.06.2023                                 99,904                 1
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 07.06.2024                                 66,542                 1
                                   Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2025                              2,602,722                5
                                   Long Term Equity Plan – Unlisted Performance Rights,
                                   vesting various dates up to 8 March 2027                                    11,451,407            296
                                   NED Equity Plan – Unlisted Restricted Rights                                    87,719               3

                                  The following persons holds 20% or more of unquoted equity securities:
                                   Name                                           Class                                       Number Held

                                   AMAZON.COM NV INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LLC          Unlisted Warrants Expiry 06.11.2026         10,961,250
                                   CVI INVESTMENTS, INC                           Convertible Notes, Face Value $100,000             400




                                  180
                                                                                                   Shareholder Information
             Annual                                                                                             ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        Shareholder Information continued




                        SUBSTANTIAL HOLDERS
                        Substantial holders in the Company are set out below based on the shares disclosed as held from
                        the last Form 604 lodged by the shareholder:
                                                                                                     Ordinary Shares

                                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                                                Number Held               %

                         MR LARRY DIAMOND, MR LARRY DIAMOND + MRS ASHLYN DIAMOND
                         DIAMOND VENTURE HOLDINGS PTY LTD <DIAMOND UNIT A/C>                   54,557,689              8.18%




For personal use only
                         STATE STREET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES                             39,400,084              5.91%



                        VOTING RIGHTS
                        Voting rights are as set out below:


                        Ordinary shares:
                        On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote
                        and upon a poll each share shall have one vote.


                        Options:
                        All quoted and unquoted options do not carry any voting rights.


                        ASX LISTING RULE 4.10.3
                        The corporate governance statement that meets the requirements of this rule is located on the
                        Company’s website https://zip.co/investors/corporate-governance




                                                                                                                   181
                                                                                                                        GRI Content Index


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  GRI Content Index

                                  STATEMENT OF USE
                                  Zip Co Limited has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period
                                  1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards, GRI 1 Standard used.


                                  GRI 1 STANDARD USED
                                  GRI 1: Foundation 2021.




For personal use only
                                   GRI Standard          Disclosure                                Reference/Location          Page

                                   General Disclosures

                                   GRI 2:                The organisation and its reporting practices
                                   General
                                   Disclosures           2-1: Organisation details                 Directors’ Report           48-49
                                   2021                  2-2: Entities included in the             Directors’ Report           48-49
                                                         organisation’s sustainability reporting

                                                         2-3: Reporting period, frequency          Directors’ Report           48
                                                         and contact point

                                                         2-4: Restatements of information          Directors’ Report           48

                                                         2-5: External assurance                   Auditor’s Independence      97-98
                                                                                                   Declaration

                                                         Activities and workers

                                                         2-6: Activities, value chain and          Review of Operations        48-49
                                                         other business relationships

                                                         2-7: Employees                            Sustainability Report       37
                                                                                                   (Social Metrics)

                                                                                                   Directors’ Report           54
                                                                                                   (Cash Expenses)

                                                         Governance

                                                         2-9: Governance structure                 Sustainability Report       26-30
                                                         and composition                           (Governance)

                                                         2-10: Nomination and selection            Sustainability Report       28-29
                                                         of the highest governance body            (Governance)

                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                                   Statement (CGS)

                                                         2-11: Chair of the highest                Sustainability Report       26
                                                         governance body                           (Governance)

                                                         2-12: Role of the highest                 Sustainability Report       20-45
                                                         governance body in overseeing
                                                         the management of impacts

                                                         2-13: Delegation of responsibility        Sustainability Report       20-45
                                                         for managing impacts




                                  182
                                                                                                        GRI Content Index
             Annual                                                                                           ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        GRI Content Index continued




                        GRI Standard       Disclosure                              Reference/Location          Page

                        GRI 2: General     2-14: Role of the highest governance    Sustainability Report       20-45
                        Disclosures 2021   body in sustainability reporting
                        continued
                                           2-15: Conflicts of interest             Sustainability Report       28

                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                   Statement (CGS)

                                           2-16: Communication of                  Sustainability Report       25-35




For personal use only
                                           critical concerns                       (Governance)

                                           2-17: Collective knowledge of           Sustainability Report       29
                                           the highest governance body             (Governance)

                                           2-18: Evaluation of the performance     Corporate Governance
                                           of the highest governance body          Statement (CGS)

                                           2-19: Remuneration policies             Remuneration Report         66-96

                                           2-20: Process to determine              Remuneration Report         66-96
                                           remuneration

                                           Strategy, policies and practices

                                           2-22: Statement on sustainable          Sustainability Report       20-24
                                           development strategy

                                           2-23: Policy commitments                Corporate Governance
                                                                                   Statement (CGS)

                                           2-24: Embedding policy commitments      Corporate Governance
                                                                                   Statement (CGS)

                                           2-25: Process to remediate negative     Corporate Governance
                                           impacts (whistleblowing)                Statement (CGS)

                                           2-26: Mechanisms for seeking            Corporate Governance
                                           advice and raising concerns             Statement (CGS)

                                           Stakeholder engagement

                                           2-29: Approach to stakeholder           Shareholder engagement
                                           engagement                              in our Corporate
                                                                                   Governance Statement
                                                                                   (CGS)

                                                                                   People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                                                                   section

                                                                                   Sustainability Report       20-45

                        GRI 3: Material    Material Topics
                        Topics 2021
                                           3-1: Process to determine material topics                           20-24

                                           3-2: List of material topics                                        23-24




                                                                                                                183
                                                                                                                      GRI Content Index


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable

                                  GRI Content Index continued




                                  GRI Standard           Disclosure                              Reference/Location          Page

                                  Cyber Security, Data Privacy and Financial Crime

                                  GRI 3: Material        3-3: Management of material topics                                  31-35
                                  Topics 2021

                                  GRI 205:               205-1: Operations assessed              Sustainability Report       34
                                  Anti-corruption        for risks related to corruption         (Governance)
                                  2016
                                                         205-2: Communication and                Sustainability Report       34




For personal use only
                                                         training about anti-corruption          (Governance)
                                                         policies and procedures

                                  GRI 418:               418-1: Substantiated complaints         Sustainability Report       31-34
                                  Customer               concerning breaches of customer         (Cyber)
                                  Privacy 2016           privacy and loses of customer data

                                  Employment Conditions and Social Wellbeing

                                  GRI 3:                 3-3: Management of material topics                                  16-17
                                  Material                                                                                   38-40
                                  Topics 2021
                                                         401-2: Benefits provided to full-time   People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                                         employees that are not provided to
                                                         temporary or part time employees

                                  GRI 403:               403-3: Occupational health services     People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                  Occupational
                                  Health and             403-6: Promotion of worker health       People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                  Safety 2016                                                    Sustainability Report       38-40
                                                                                                 (Social Wellbeing)

                                  GRI 404:               404-2: Programs for upgrading           People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                  Training and           employee skills and transition
                                  Education 2016         assistance programs

                                                         404-3: Percentage of employees          People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                                         receiving regular performance and
                                                         career development reviews

                                  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)

                                  GRI 3: Material        3-3: Management of material topics                                  36-39
                                  Topics 2021

                                  GRI 405:               405-1: Diversity of governance          Social Metrics section      37
                                  Diversity and          bodies and employees
                                  Equal Opportunity
                                  2016                   405-2: Ratio of basic salary and        Sustainability Report       37-38
                                                         remuneration of women to men            (DEI)

                                  GRI 403:               403-6: Promotion of worker health       People & Culture (P&C)      16-17
                                  Occupational
                                  Health and                                                     Sustainability Report       38-39
                                  Safety 2016                                                    (Social Wellbeing)




                                  184
                                                                                                        GRI Content Index
             Annual                                                                                           ZIP Co Limited

             Report
             2023



                        GRI Content Index continued




                        GRI Standard          Disclosure                           Reference/Location          Page

                        Financial Wellbeing

                        GRI 3: Material       3-3: Management of material topics                               35-41
                        Topics 2021

                        GRI 203:              203-2: Significant indirect          Sustainability Report       40-41
                        Indirect Economic     economic impacts                     (Financial Wellbeing)
                        Impacts 2016




For personal use only
                        Climate Change and Environmental Sustainability

                        GRI 3: Material       3-3: Management of material topics                               42-45
                        Topics 2021

                        GRI 201: Economic     201-2: Financial implications and    Sustainability Report       44-45
                        Performance 2016      other risks and opportunities due
                                              to climate change

                        GRI 302:              302-1: Energy consumption within     Sustainability Report       42-43
                        Energy 2016           the organization                     (Environmental)

                                              302-4: Reduction of energy           Sustainability Report       42-43
                                              consumption                          (Environmental)

                        GRI 305:              305-1: Direct (Scope 1)              Sustainability Report       42-43
                        Emissions             GHG emissions                        (Environmental)
                        2016
                                              305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2)     Sustainability Report       42-43
                                              GHG emissions                        (Environmental)

                                              305-3: Other indirect (Scope 3)      Sustainability Report       42-43
                                              GHG emissions                        (Environmental)

                                              305-5: Reduction of GHG emissions    Sustainability Report       42-43
                                                                                   (Environmental)

                        Economic Performance

                        GRI 201:              201-1: Direct economic value         Financial Report            47-167
                        Economic              generated and distributed
                        Performance                                                Sustainability Report       40
                        2016                                                       (Social Wellbeing)




                                                                                                                185
                                                                                                               Corporate Directory


             future
                    Building a

                    sustainable


                                  Corporate Directory

                                  DIRECTORS                                       AUDITORS
                                  Diane Smith‑Gander AO (Chair)                   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                  Cynthia Scott (Group CEO & Managing Director)   Quay Quarter Tower
                                                                                  50 Bridge Street
                                  Larry Diamond (CEO US & Executive Director)
                                                                                  Sydney NSW 2000
                                  John Batistich (Non‑Executive Director)
                                  Meredith Scott (Non‑Executive Director)
                                                                                  SOLICITORS
                                                                                  Arnold Bloch Liebler




For personal use only
                                  COMPANY SECRETARY                               Level 24, 2 Chifley Square
                                  Tai Phan                                        Sydney NSW 2000


                                  REGISTERED OFFICE                               SHARE REGISTRY
                                  Level 5, 126 Phillip Street                     Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                                  Sydney NSW 2000                                 Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace
                                                                                  Perth WA 6000
                                  Website: www.zip.co

                                                                                  INVESTOR ENQUIRIES
                                  SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                                                                                  investors@zip.co
                                  ASX Code: ZIP




                                  186
                        This page has been left blank intentionally.




For personal use only
For personal use only
