For personal use only
                        18 August 2022                                                ASX ANNOUNCEMENT


                                                 TWE 2022 Annual Report
                        Treasury Wine Estates Ltd (ASX:TWE) is pleased to present its Annual Report for the year
                        ended 30 June 2022, which includes the Company’s full year financial statements and
                        Appendix 4E.

                        For the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 15.5, TWE confirms that this document has been
                        authorised for release to the market by the Board.



                        Contacts:

                        Media                                                   Investors
                        Melissa O’Neill                                         Bijan Taghian
                        Tel: +61 3 8533 3923                                    Tel: +61 3 8533 3568
                        Mob: +61 467 555 175                                    Mob: +61 433 173 664




                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES LIMITED
                                                             ABN 24 004 373 862
                                                        LEVEL 8, 161 COLLINS STREET
                                                       MELBOURNE VIC 3000 AUSTRALIA
                                                           WWW.TWEGLOBAL.COM
                    Appendix 4E
                    Preliminary Final Report in respect
                    to Treasury Wine Estates Limited




For personal use only
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022
                    ABN 24 004 373 862




                    1. RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET
                                                                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended             % Change             increase/
                                                                                         30 June 2022         30 June 2021            increase/           (decrease)
                    Key information                                                               $m                   $m            (decrease)                  $m

                    Revenue from ordinary activities                                            2,531.8             2,683.9                 (5.7%)               (152.1)
                    Profit attributable to members of Treasury Wine
                    Estates Limited                                                              263.2                250.0                 5.3%                  13.2
                    Net profit after tax before material items and SGARA                         322.6                309.6                 4.2%                  13.0
                    Earnings before interest, tax, SGARA and
                    material items                                                               523.7                 510.3                2.6%                  13.4


                                                                                                                                    Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                                                                  30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                    Earnings per share                                                                                          Cents per share      Cents per share

                    Basic earnings per share                                                                                                36.5                  34.7
                    Basic earnings per share, adjusted to exclude SGARA, material items                                                      44.7                 42.9


                    Dividends (distributions)                                                                                   Cents per share           Franking %

                    Final dividend – year ended 30 June 2022 (determined subsequent to balance date)1                                 16.0 cents                 100%
                    Interim dividend – half year ended 31 December 2021                                                               15.0 cents                 100%
                    Final dividend – year ended 30 June 2021                                                                          13.0 cents                 100%

                    1. The record date for determining an entitlement to receipt of the final dividend is 1 September 2022 and the Company expects to pay the dividend
                       on 30 September 2022. The Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be in operation for the final dividend. The last date for receipt of election
                       notices for participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is 2 September 2022 at 5pm (AEST).




                    2. PRELIMINARY FINAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    Please refer to pages 74 through 124 of this report wherein the following are provided:
                    • Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 30 June 2022;
                    • Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022;
                    • Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 30 June 2022;
                    • Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2022; and
                    • Notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                    ii – TREASURY WINE ESTATES LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
                    Appendix 4E
                    Preliminary Final Report in respect
                    to Treasury Wine Estates Limited




For personal use only
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022
                    ABN 24 004 373 862




                    3. NET TANGIBLE ASSET BACKING
                                                                                                          Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                                         30 June 2022     30 June 2021
                    Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share                                                   $                $

                    Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share                                                 3.31            3.37




                    4. ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                          Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                                         30 June 2022     30 June 2021
                    Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures                                                  $m               $m

                    Investments accounted for using the equity method                                             0.0              2.6

                    Investments in associates and joint venture partnerships are accounted for in the consolidated financial
                    statements using the equity method of accounting. During the year, the Group disposed of a 50 percent
                    investment in Fiddlesticks LLC, a company incorporated in the United States of America.



                    5. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                    The Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on 18 October 2022.



                    6. FURTHER INFORMATION
                    Additional Appendix 4E disclosure requirements can be found in the notes to the year-end financial report and the
                    ASX announcement lodged with this Annual Report.




                    iii – TREASURY WINE ESTATES LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
For personal use only
                    Annual
                    Report
                    2022
               We’re striving to be the
               world’s most admired
               premium wine company,




For personal use only
               and we’re boldly leading
               change in the world of wine
               CONTENTS
               About Treasury Wine Estates                           1
               At a glance2
               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s report        3
               Operating and financial review6
               Sustainability38
               Inclusion, equity and diversity                      41
               Board of Directors44
               Corporate governance46
               Directors’ report50
               Auditor’s independence declaration53
               F22 remuneration report54
               Consolidated statement of profit or loss
               and other comprehensive income                       74
               Consolidated statement of financial position75
               Consolidated statement of changes in equity76
               Consolidated statement of cash flows77
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements78
               Directors’ declaration124
               Independent auditor’s report125
               Details of shareholders, shareholdings,             130
               and top 20 shareholders
               Shareholder information                             131


               IMPORTANT INFORMATION
               This report is in summary form and is not necessarily complete. It should be read together with the Company’s
               other announcements lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange, which are available at www.asx.com.au.
               This report contains information that is based on projected and/or estimated expectations, assumptions or
               outcomes. Forward-looking statements are subject to a range of risk factors. The Company cautions against reliance
               on any forward-looking statements, particularly in light of the current economic climate and potential impacts on
               consumer demand, the impact of continued high inflation on business outcomes, global difficulties in logistics and
               supply chains, the potential ongoing impacts relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, exchange rate impacts given the
               global nature of our business, vintage variations and the evolving nature of global geopolitical dynamics.
               While the Company has prepared this information based on its current knowledge and understanding and in good
               faith, there are risks and uncertainties involved which could cause results to differ from projections. The Company
               will not be liable for the correctness and/or accuracy of the information, nor any differences between the information
               provided and actual outcomes, and reserves the right to change its projections from time to time. The Company
               undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date
               of this report, subject to disclosure obligations under the applicable law and ASX listing rules.
               Certain market and industry data used in this report has been obtained from research, surveys or studies conducted
               by third parties, including industry or general publications. Neither TWE nor its representatives or advisers have
               independently verified any market or industry data provided by third parties or industry or general publications.
               References to ‘TWE’, ‘Company’, ‘Group’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are to Treasury Wine Estates Limited and/or, except where
               the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries. All currency referred to in the report is in Australian dollars, unless
               otherwise stated.
                                                             2,500
                                                             Team members
                                                             We pride ourselves on employing
                                                             world-class talent across Australia,
                                                             New Zealand, Asia, the Americas,
                                                             the United Kingdom, Europe, the




For personal use only
                                                             Middle East, and Africa.




                    70+
                    Countries
                    Our iconic wines are loved by
                    consumers around the world and
                    are available in major retailers,
                    premium wine stores, restaurants,
                    bars, and online.




                                                             3
                                                             Brand portfolio divisions
                                                             A brand portfolio-led operating
                                                             model with three key divisions –
                                                             Penfolds, Treasury Premium Brands
                                                             and Treasury Americas – supported
                                                             by centralised business services,
                                                             supply, and corporate functions.




                    11,300
                    Hectares
                    Our global multi-regional sourcing
                    model is at the heart of our business,
                    and includes vineyards and
                    production assets in some of the
                    world’s best wine regions.




                                                               TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 1
                    At a glance                                  1




                    ·	F22 EBITS2 increased 3% to $523.7 million; EBITS margin up 1.3 percentage




For personal use only
                       points to 21.1%
                    · EPS (before material items and SGARA) up 4.1% to 44.7 cents per share
                    · Return on Capital Employed decreased 0.1 ppts to 10.7%
                    ·	Final dividend of 16 cents per share (fully franked); bringing F22 annual
                       dividend to 31 cents per share; up 10.7% on the prior period
                    · Full-year cash conversion of 104.3%




                    EBITS                                                                      EPS (BEFORE MATERIAL ITEMS AND SGARA)
                    (Earnings before interest, tax, material items and SGARA)                  (Earnings per share) (cents)
                    (A$ million)


                                664.7
                                                                                                           57.2
                                                                     F22                                                                           F22
                        543.8           512.6   510.3   523.7                                     49.1

                                                                 3%                                                 41.7    42.9    44.7
                                                                                                                                            4.1%
                                                                                                                                               increase
                                                                 increase




                        F18     F19     F20     F21     F22                                       F16      F17       F18    F21     F22



                    ROCE                                                                       MARKET CAPITALISATION
                    (Return on capital employed) (%)                                           (A$ million)

                                                                                                  17.39 14.92
                                                                                                                    10.48 11.68 11.35

                                                                                                  12,500
                                13.6
                                                                                                                                                  F22
                                                                                                           10,729
                        11.7                                         F22
                                        10.2
                                                10.8    10.7

                                                                0.1 ppts
                                                                                                                    7,554
                                                                                                                            8,373   8,193
                                                                                                                                               2%
                                                                                                                                            decrease in market
                                                                 decrease                                                                     capitalisation




                                                                                                                                                Share price
                        F18     F19     F20     F21     F22                                       F18      F19      F20     F21     F22         ($ at 30 June)




                    1. Unless otherwise stated, all figures and percentage movements are stated on a reported currency basis and are subject to rounding.
                    2. Earnings before interest, tax, SGARA and material items.



                    2 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Chairman and Chief Executive
                    Officer’s report
                                                                                              Throughout fiscal 2022




For personal use only
                                                                                              we’ve seamlessly
                                                                                              transitioned to our new
                                                                                              operating model, which
                                                                                              has built momentum
                                                                                              around our strategy.
                                                                                              The positive changes
                                                                                              made throughout
                                                                                              the year have laid the
                                                                                              foundations for this
                                                                                              next phase of growth
                                                                                              and innovation.
                    Paul Rayner Chairman and Tim Ford Chief Executive Officer



                    INTRODUCTION                                             Penfolds also continued to grow its presence in some
                    Dear shareholders,                                       of the finest winemaking regions in the world, with the
                                                                             purchase of additional winery and vineyard assets
                    We are pleased to present the 2022 Annual Report         neighboring our current site in Bordeaux, to support
                    for Treasury Wine Estates Limited.                       growth of the French portfolio, and announced that in
                    Last year we acknowledged that change would              calendar 2022 it would launch the first Penfolds wine
                    continue to be ever present in our business, and that    made in China for the China market.
                    indeed has been the case throughout F22 as we            In addition to Penfolds, our Treasury Premium Brands
                    managed the effective closure of the Mainland China      division has continued to drive growth across Asia.
                    market to Australian wine products as well as            In response to the tariffs on Australian wine into China,
                    navigated a number of macroeconomic challenges           our team is now sourcing South African and Chilean
                    including the global pandemic, significant supply        country of origin wine for Rawson’s Retreat ensuring
                    chain disruptions, and inflationary cost pressures.      the popular brand continues to be a foundation for
                    Through these challenges, we have continued to adapt     growth in China with plans to expand the portfolio
                    and evolve, and have emerged a stronger and more         and distribution next financial year.
                    sustainable business as we continue to expand our        In the Americas, we have now materially reshaped
                    multi-country of origin portfolio and invest more        our business, laying the foundations for growth in
                    strongly across a range of markets. We have found        the world’s largest wine market through a focused
                    new opportunities to innovate - across our business,     portfolio of brands that are leading the way in luxury,
                    our product portfolio and how we connect with our        culture-led experiences.
                    customers and consumers.
                                                                             There is no better example of this than 19 Crimes, which
                    We started the fiscal year with a seamless transition    now joins Penfolds as our second global growth brand.
                    to our new brand-portfolio-led operating model, which    Over the past 10 years there has been a continuous
                    has brought even greater focus and accountability        focus on consumer-led innovation, including the
                    to how we execute our strategy.                          extension into new varietals, category-leading digital
                    Our new divisions – Penfolds, Treasury Americas          engagement and popular celebrity collaborations,
                    and Treasury Premium Brands – have accelerated           which has seen the brand deliver leading innovation
                    our focus on premiumisation and responding to trends     in the US wine market for two years running.
                    in a way that meets the unique propositions of our       Treasury Americas continued to build its luxury
                    existing consumers, and introducing new consumers        credentials with the acquisition of Frank Family
                    to premium and luxury wines.                             Vineyards. Rich and Leslie Frank have crafted a
                    Now emerging as a true luxury icon, Penfolds continued   portfolio of exceptionally high-quality wines and
                    to focus on introducing its wine to more consumers       nurtured an industry-leading guest experience
                    around the world through a range of unique luxury        at the winery that we intend to emulate across
                    experiences, events, and the launch of new wines         our American cellar doors.
                    including the Penfolds g5 which is blended from five     Across our portfolio we have also continued to
                    exceptional Grange vintages. The g5 marks the final      innovate our approach to no-alcohol wine and grow
                    release in ‘g’ series trio and was awarded a perfect     our low-alcohol portfolio, recognising the growing
                    100-point score four times by leading wine critics.      conscious consumption trend across all markets.



                                                                                               TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 3
                    CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    In F22, we launched two meaningful innovations in this                       Treasury Americas continues to be recognised for
                    category – Matua Lighter in the United States and the                        its outstanding innovation capability, with 19 Crimes
                    Wolf Blass Zero range in Australia. These innovations                        Cali Red recognised by IRI as the number one
                    were well received by consumers and we believe                               selling wine in history in its first-year sales. In addition
                    there is a significant opportunity for TWE to be the                         to Cali Red, we launched Cali Rosé through our
                    global leader in these emerging segments of the wine                         partnership with entertainment icon Snoop Dogg, and




For personal use only
                    category. With that in mind, we will continue to invest                      achieved success with the release of Martha’s Chard,
                    in research and development to deliver the leading                           in partnership with Martha Stewart, which took out the
                    brand and wine quality combination to give our                               number one US wine market innovation in 2022.
                    consumers real choice for every occasion.
                                                                                                 Outside of the US, our diverse portfolio of brands
                    The strength of our team, our global diversified                             continued to make their mark with the launch of the
                    business model, our iconic brand portfolio, and our                          Wolf Blass Zero and Squealing Pig lighter ranges,
                    unrelenting focus on the consumer has given us an                            as well the sourcing of South African and Chilean wine
                    unrivalled competitive advantage and enabled us                              for Rawson’s Retreat for the Mainland China market,
                    to quickly respond to environmental challenges and                           and the Wolf Blass House of the Dragon partnership
                    recalibrate our strategy when, and as, required.                             with HBO, an innovative new platform to introduce new
                                                                                                 consumers to the portfolio.
                    OVERVIEW OF RESULTS
                                                                                                 We were delighted to see the team at Penfolds Magill
                    In F22, Group EBITS increased 3% to $523.7 million,
                                                                                                 Estate win the International Best of Wine Tourism Award
                    while our EBITS margin improved 1.3 percentage points
                                                                                                 in the Wine Tourism Restaurant category and being
                    to 21.1%. TWE’s long-term financial objective remains
                                                                                                 named Adelaide’s International Winner at the 2022
                    to deliver sustainable top-line growth, high single digit
                                                                                                 Great Wine Capitals Best of Wine Tourism Awards,
                    average earnings growth and Group EBITS margin
                                                                                                 recognising the important role that wine regions and
                    target of 25%+.
                                                                                                 our wineries play in driving regional tourism.
                    Throughout the year, NSR declined 3.6% to
                    $2,476.7 million reflecting divestment of the US                             All divisions contributed to our F22 result, with key
                    commercial portfolio and the decline in shipments                            elements as follows.
                    to Mainland China and reduced commercial volumes                             • Penfolds reported an 8% decline in EBITS to
                    in the UK and Australia, partly offset by strong growth                        $319.3 million while EBITS margin increased 0.6 ppts
                    in the premium and luxury portfolios.                                          to 44.5%. The significant decline in shipments to
                    TWE continued portfolio premiumisation and growth of                           Mainland China was partly offset by continued
                    distribution and availability for priority brands, with NSR                    strength in a number of global markets and
                    per case up 16.1% and the contribution of the premium                          channels, with NSR and EBITS outside of Mainland
                    and luxury portfolios to 83% of Group NSR, up from                             China increasing by 45% and 25% respectively on
                    77% in F21.                                                                    a constant currency basis. Penfolds continues to
                                                                                                   attract new consumers and grow distribution and
                    Excluding Penfolds Australian country-of-origin sales                          availability globally. In Asian markets, outside of
                    to Mainland China, NSR and EBITS grew 9% and                                   Mainland China, NSR grew 106% supported by strong
                    22% respectively.                                                              depletion trends in multiple markets led by
                    This result reflects disciplined execution of F22 priorities                   consumer demand and channel penetration.
                    including continued portfolio premiumisation and                             • Treasury Americas reported a 21% increase in EBITS
                    growth in distribution and availability for priority brands.                   to $185.6 million with EBITS margin up 2.9 ppts to
                                                                                                   19.3%. The priority brand portfolio continued to
                    In particular, Penfolds has driven stand-out growth in
                                                                                                   perform strongly with NSR increasing 15% in the year,
                    Asia, with NSR in regional markets, excluding Mainland
                                                                                                   led by standout growth from Beringer, Stags’ Leap,
                    China, increasing 106%, alongside strong growth across
                                                                                                   Matua and 19 Crimes. Following the completion of
                    the EMEA region, particularly UK and Germany, where
                                                                                                   significant changes in the brand portfolio and asset
                    NSR grew 32.9%.
                                                                                                   base, including the acquisition of Frank Family
                    Penfolds growth is evidence of its credentials as a                            Vineyards, Treasury Americas has been repositioned
                    global luxury brand and investment will continue in                            as a premium wine business with a focused portfolio
                    its multi-country of origin portfolio strategy, particularly                   of growing brands.
                    in France with the pending acquisition of Chateau                            • Treasury Premium Brands reported a 27% increase
                    Lanessan, which will double the existing vineyard                              in EBITS to $79.6 million with EBITS margin increasing
                    footprint in Bordeaux, to be completed in the first half                       2.5 ppts to 10.0%. Portfolio premiumisation continued,
                    of F23.1,2                                                                     with strong performance by priority brands
                    Significant changes to the Treasury Americas brand                             including 19 Crimes, Pepperjack, Squealing Pig and
                    portfolio and asset base continued in F22, repositioning                       Wynns. Significant distribution gains and NSR growth
                    the business as a premium wine business with a                                 for priority brands in key EMEA and Asia markets was
                    focused portfolio of priority brands.                                          an execution highlight, as was continued innovation
                                                                                                   success across the portfolio.



                    1. Organic, pre-material items and on a constant currency basis.
                    2. TWE to acquire 78.6% stake from the Bouteiller Family, who will remain a shareholder. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition is expected
                       to be approximately A$60 million, including a capital injection to fund winery and vineyard development. Completion expected Oct-22, subject to
                       satisfaction of conditions precedent.



                    4 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    SUSTAINABILITY                                              For F22, TWE is pleased to declare a final dividend
                    One year into our evolved sustainability strategy, we       of 16.0 cents per share, fully franked, which brings
                    made good progress against our ambition to cultivate        the total dividend for F22 to 31 cents per share and
                    a brighter future for everyone who touches our business.    a payout ratio of 69% at the upper end of the target
                                                                                dividend policy range.
                    Throughout the year we made progress against all




For personal use only
                    of our targets and commitments.                             THANKS AND CONCLUSION
                                                                                Looking ahead, we will remain focused on delivering
                    The key sustainability highlights for the year included:
                                                                                sustainable top line growth and high single digit
                    • Completion of a comprehensive review of water             average earnings growth over the long term.
                      management across the global viticulture and
                                                                                We will continue to build momentum behind the
                      winery operations, with clear recommendations
                                                                                premium portfolio which has seen strong
                      to drive our water security and efficient
                                                                                performance globally in F22. We will also continue to
                      usage strategies.
                                                                                grow distribution, demand, and availability for TWE’s
                    • Committed to invest $20 million on solar panel            priority brands as well as drive category-leading
                      and meter technology across our global production         consumer-led innovation.
                      network in support of the ambition to achieve
                      100% renewable electricity by F24.                        Whilst uncertain economic and geopolitical trends
                                                                                will continue in global markets throughout F23, we
                    • Improving levels of gender representation across          believe that our global footprint, the flexibility of our
                      the global business, with overall female                  operating model and the outstanding execution
                      representation up 1.3 ppts to 41.5% while females         capability of our teams means we are well positioned
                      in leadership roles were down 0.2 ppts to 44.9%.          to navigate these headwinds.
                    In F22, TWE refinanced AU$1.4 billion of existing debt      After two years of significant changes within our
                    into a Sustainability Linked Loan (SLL) that rewards        business, we enter F23 with momentum, focusing on
                    performance against agreed milestones with                  our objectives of delivering quality earnings growth,
                    discounts on the loan rate. The establishment of            efficient capital utilisation and sustainable
                    the SLL is a key step in integrating our sustainability     shareholder returns.
                    agenda across the business and is an important step
                    for both our sustainability and market capital journeys,    We are confident that the positive changes we have
                    incentivising us to move even more quickly towards          made throughout the year have laid the foundations
                    achieving our sustainability ambition and targets.          for our next phase of growth and innovation,
                                                                                positioning us well to deliver on our long-term growth
                    Whilst we recognise there is more work to do, we are        ambitions we set out in the TWE 2025 strategy.
                    embracing the leadership role we must play in sharing
                    a positive future for everyone who touches our business     Our people, alongside our suppliers, customers, and
                    from grape to glass.                                        partners, remain critical to delivering on this agenda.
                                                                                With that in mind, we want to thank everyone across
                    More information about our enhanced strategy,               our global team for their outstanding efforts during
                    goals, and the progress we are making against               the year, for the care they continue to show each other,
                    our commitments will be available in our 2022               and the way they have embodied our TWE DNA as they
                    Sustainability Report which will be released later          pursue our strategic agenda and navigated another
                    this year and will be made available online at              challenging year.
                    tweglobal.com/sustainability.
                                                                                I would also like to thank the Board for their
                    BALANCE SHEET STRENGTH AND DIVIDEND                         contribution throughout the year. I would like to take
                    TWE maintains financial metrics that are consistent         this opportunity to acknowledge the enduring
                    with an investment grade credit profile.                    contribution made by Warwick Every-Burns who will
                                                                                retire from the Board at our 2022 Annual General
                    The Company’s balance sheet continues to be strong,         Meeting. Warwick has been a Non-Executive Director
                    efficient, and flexible. Net debt/EBITDAS was 1.8x in F22   since the Company was floated in 2011 and has been
                    up from 1.6x in F21, and below TWE’s up to 2.0x through     an excellent director, having spent more than 10 years
                    the cycle target.                                           as Chair of the Human Resources Committee, and as
                    Total capex for the year was $112.2 million comprising      Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis from
                    maintenance and replacement capex of $70.6 million,         September 2013 to March 2014.
                    and growth capex including the completion of our            In closing, we would also like to extend our thanks
                    investment in South Australian luxury winemaking            to you, our shareholders, for your ongoing belief
                    infrastructure, of $41.6 million.                           and investment in, and support of, TWE.
                    Cash conversion of 104.3% reflects continued strong         Kind regards,
                    operating cash flow performance, in addition to
                    improved working capital. Excluding the net change
                    in non-current luxury and premium inventory,
                    cash conversion was 103.1%.
                    Earnings per share increased 4.1% to 44.7 cents per
                    share and return on capital employed was up 0.1 ppt
                    to 10.9%, excluding divested and acquired brands,           Paul Rayner		              Tim Ford
                    demonstrating our continued disciplined approach            Chairman                   Chief Executive Officer
                    to capital allocation.


                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 5
                    Operating and financial review
                    Treasury Wine Estates (TWE) is a premium-focused, global leader in wine,
                    listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). The Company is focused




For personal use only
                    on delivering shareholder value through the production of wine, and marketing
                    and selling quality wine brands to consumers around the world

                    The following operating and financial review                                 Divestment of non-priority US brands and assets
                    contains details of the significant changes in TWE’s                         In F21, TWE’s US business was reshaped into a premium-
                    state of affairs that occurred during the year ended                         focused wine business after the exit of a significant
                    30 June 2022.                                                                portion of its commercial brand portfolio. The
                                                                                                 divestment of non-priority US brands and assets
                    TWE’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                 continued in F22 with the divestment of the Provenance
                    TWE is a vertically integrated wine business focused                         and Chateau St Jean brands and surplus supply
                    on portfolio premiumisation supported by innovation,                         chain assets. TWE has now substantially completed
                    brand-building investment, and global sales and                              its US divestment program with confirmed net cash
                    marketing execution.                                                         proceeds of approximately $300 million, in line
                    TWE’s brand portfolio is represented across the luxury,                      with expectations.
                    premium and commercial1 price segments and sold                              Frank Family Vineyards acquisition
                    in more than 70 countries. At the heart of the business
                                                                                                 In December 2021, TWE completed the acquisition of
                    is TWE’s global, multi-regional sourcing model which
                                                                                                 Frank Family Vineyards (FFV), an acclaimed luxury wine
                    includes world-class vineyard and production assets
                                                                                                 business based in California’s Napa Valley, for
                    in internationally acclaimed winemaking regions
                                                                                                 US$315 million. The business comprises an award-
                    including Barossa Valley and Coonawarra in Australia,
                                                                                                 winning luxury portfolio across three collections with
                    Napa Valley in the United States, Marlborough in
                                                                                                 retail price points ranging from US$38 to US$225 per
                    New Zealand, Bordeaux in France and Tuscany in Italy.
                                                                                                 bottle. Supporting the portfolio is an efficient, capital-
                    TWE employs a global team of more than 2,500 people.                         light Napa Valley asset base, comprising two vineyards,
                                                                                                 a single winery and a highly renowned tasting room
                    TWE’S ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE AND                                           and direct to consumer wine club model.
                    SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
                    New operating model                                                          The FFV portfolio complements the Treasury Americas
                                                                                                 luxury brand portfolio, filling a key gap for luxury
                    TWE has operated under a new global business model                           Chardonnay. Treasury Americas is well placed to
                    since 1 July 2021, with three standalone divisions                           enhance FFV’s growth given its leading luxury sales
                    enabling strong underlying performance.                                      credentials, national distribution network, and
                    • Penfolds – representing global sales of the Penfolds                       Californian asset base and sourcing model.
                      brand portfolio.                                                           COVID-19 impact on business performance
                    • Treasury Premium Brands (TPB) – representing                               During F22, pandemic-related restrictions continued
                      the sale of TWE’s diverse range of predominately                           to impact TWE’s global operations, with key sales
                      Australia and New Zealand sourced brands globally.                         channels remaining in varied states of impact and
                    • Treasury Americas – representing sales of primarily                        recovery. Retail and e-commerce sales channels
                      US-sourced brands in the Americas.                                         continued to operate above pre-pandemic levels with
                                                                                                 some moderation compared to F21, where demand
                                                                                                 was particularly elevated. On-premise, cellar doors
                                                                                                 and travel retail sales channels continued to
                                                                                                 experience varying levels of disruption.




                    1.   TWE participates in three price segments: luxury (A$30+), premium (A$10-A$30), and commercial (A$5-A$10). Segment price points are retail
                         shelf price.



                    6 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our operating model
                    Increased focus and accountability to unlock our long-term growth potential



                                                             Treasury                             Treasury




For personal use only
                              Penfolds                       Premium                              Americas
                                                              Brands




                                               Supply                                             US Supply

                                                    Treasury Business Solutions



                                                        Corporate Functions




                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 7
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    TWE’S BUSINESS MODEL                                                       TWE optimises its inventory holdings to support
                    TWE is a vertically integrated wine business with                          portfolio premiumisation and continues to focus
                    three principal activities:                                                on increasing access to luxury and premium fruit
                                                                                               from multiple countries of origin through vineyard




For personal use only
                    • grape growing and sourcing                                               acquisitions, vineyard leasing, and supply contracts
                    • wine production                                                          with third-party growers. For commercial grade wine,
                                                                                               TWE prioritises sourcing from the bulk-wine market.
                    • wine marketing, sales and distribution.
                                                                                               Wine production
                    Grape growing and sourcing
                                                                                               TWE owns world-class wine production and
                    TWE accesses grapes and bulk wine from a range                             packaging facilities.
                    of sources including Company-owned and leased
                    vineyards, grower vineyards, and the bulk-wine market,                     • In Australia, TWE owns and operates seven wineries
                    varying by region as shown in Figure 1.                                      and two packaging facilities, with wines primarily
                                                                                                 produced in South Australia and Victoria.
                    Figure 1: TWE’s regional sourcing model2                                   • In New Zealand, TWE owns one winery in
                                                                                                 the Marlborough.
                                                                                               • In the US, TWE has six wineries and one packaging
                         Australia   31%                53%                          16%
                                                                                                 facility in California’s North and Central Coast regions.
                        California 33%                  30%                          37%       • In Europe, TWE owns one winery in Italy
                                                                                                 and two wineries in France.
                    New Zealand      23%          52%                                25%
                                                                                               Marketing, selling and distribution of TWE wine
                             Italy 29%              3%                               68%       TWE generates revenues and profits from the
                                                                                               production, marketing and sale of its portfolios of
                           France    15%    31%                                     54%        branded wine in more than 70 countries, with its
                                                                                               route-to-market model reflecting regional insights
                                                                                               and opportunities.
                        TWE owned/leased
                        Grower contracts                                                       The Company has taken deliberate action to embed
                        Third-party produced wine                                              greater balance across its regional earnings mix and
                                                                                               sourcing models.
                                                                                               TWE’s profitability continues to be increasingly driven
                    A global sourcing model, diversified across geographic                     by the high-growth luxury and premium segments,
                    regions, varietals and price segments, supports growth                     as well as improved profitability across all segments.
                    and limits exposure to vintage variation risk, as well as
                                                                                               Figure 2 shows the net sales revenue (NSR) and
                    grape and bulk wine pricing during grape shortages
                                                                                               earnings before interest, tax, SGARA and material
                    and surpluses.
                                                                                               items (EBITS) contribution by division in F22.
                    This diversification and flexibility also enables TWE
                    to react to changes in consumer and customer
                    preferences to support growth.
                    TWE owns and leases 8,362 planted hectares
                    of vineyards in Australia and New Zealand and is
                    the custodian of sought-after viticultural assets in
                    renowned winemaking regions including Australia’s
                    Barossa Valley and Coonawarra, and Marlborough
                    in New Zealand.
                    The Company also owns and leases 2,702 planted
                    hectares in key viticultural regions in California,
                    including Napa Valley, Sonoma County, Lake County,
                    and the Central Coast. In Europe, TWE owns and leases
                    90 planted hectares in France’s Bordeaux region and
                    154 planted hectares in Tuscany, Italy.




                    2. Regional sourcing is historical data for the northern hemisphere 2021 vintage and the southern hemisphere 2022 vintage.



                    8 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Figure 2: TWE’s business performance                                                     Global wine consumption
                    by division in F22
                                                                                                             Global wine category growth is driven by the premium
                                                                                                             and luxury price segments, with strong consumer
                    NSR




For personal use only
                                                                                                             demand expected to continue. TWE’s portfolio structure
                    (Net sales revenue) ($M)                                                                 and premiumisation strategy are well aligned to
                                                                                                             benefit from these attractive category fundamentals
                                                                                                             with 83% of F22 NSR contributed by the premium and
                                                                                                             luxury portfolios.
                                                                         Penfolds 29%
                                                                         TAM 39%
                                                                                                             Figure 3: Global wine category growth trends4
                                                                         TPB 32%


                                                                                                                                       2.9%
                                                                                                                           Luxury
                                                                                                                                       4.7%

                    EBITS contribution3                                                                                                3.8%
                                                                                                                         Premium
                    (Earnings before interest, tax, material items and SGARA) ($M)                                                     2.8%
                                                                                                                                                       2%
                                                                                                                                       0.7%
                                                                                                             Commercial
                                                                         Penfolds 55%
                                                                                                                                       0.1%
                                                                         TAM 32%
                                                                         TPB 13%                                                0.0%           1.0%        2.0%        3.0%       4.0%      5.0%

                                                                                                                  Historical growth (CAGR 2012-2021)
                                                                                                                  Forecast growth (2021-2026)




                    The top 10 markets for premium and luxury wine represent approximately 80% of global consumption.
                    The US is the clear leader, with approximately 30% share of global consumption and strong forecast growth.

                    Figure 4: Key premium and luxury wine markets and forecast five-year compound annual growth rate
                    (CAGR) in wine consumption5




                        Premium and luxury market ($bn)
                                                          30

                                                          25

                                                          20

                                                          15

                                                          10

                                                          5

                                                          0
                                                               United      United                    China
                                                                                                             Australia        Canada
                                                                                                                                                         Switzerland
                                                                                    France
                                                                                             Italy
                                                                                                                                              Japan                              Emerging
                                                                                                                                                                       Germany
                                                               States
                                                                        Kingdom                                                                                                   markets


                    Forecast
                    CAGR:                                      4.8%     -0.1%       2.3%     1.9%    5.0%     1.1%            2.4%            2.6%       0.5%          2.9%       3.4%
                    2021-2026




                    3. Excludes corporate costs of $60.8 million.
                    4. IWSR 2022, still and sparkling wine only, A$ equivalent, portfolio price points per IWSR segmentation, value growth shown.
                    5. IWSR 2022, still and sparkling wine only, A$ equivalent, portfolio price points per IWSR segmentation, value growth shown.
                       Emerging markets include key markets in Asia, MEA and Latin America.



                                                                                                                                              TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 9
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    TWE Ambition and Game Plan
                    TWE’s strategic vision and strategic imperatives are set out below.




For personal use only
                                                    Ambition
                                                     TWE
                                                                                                                            TWE
                                                                                                                                       Way
                                                                                                                            We boldly lead
                                                    To be the world’s
                                                    most admired                                                            change in the
                                                    premium wine                                                            world of wine
                                                    company



                          TWE GAME

                          P lan
                          How we
                                                                                                                                           - We bring our
                                                                                                                                             whole self
                                            - Consumer focused
                          will win            premium brand                    WHAT ARE THE ELEMENTS                                       - We are
                                              portfolio                          & HOW DOES IT ALL                                           courageous
                                            - Multi-regional & multi-             COME TOGETHER?                                           - We deliver
                                              channel sales models                                                                           together
                                            - World class talent
                                                                                                                          TWE
                                            - Sustainable & multi-
                                              regional sourcing
                                              & winemaking
                                                                                                                          Our cultural
                                            - Deep, long-term
                                              partnerships &                                                              code
                                              networks




                        TWE
                        GAME
                          lann
                        Pla
                        P
                        CONSUMER FOCUSED            MULTI-REGIONAL &             WORLD CLASS                 SUSTAINABLE &               DEEP, LONGTERM
                        PREMIUM BRAND               MULTI-CHANNEL                TALENT                      MULTI-REGIONAL              PARTNERSHIPS
                        PORTFOLIO                   SALES MODELS                 • TWE DNA at the heart      SOURCING                    & NETWORKS
                        • Consumer-led &            • Strengthened                 of all we do              & WINEMAKING                • Mutually beneficial
                          experience focused          leadership position in     • Employee experience       • Continued building          partnerships across:
                          marketing as                China & Australia            focused culture –           & diversification of         – Customers
                          our advantage             • US established as            a great place to work       premium sourcing
                                                                                                               across Australia, the        – Growers
                        • Focused portfolio of        a premium wine             • Broad diversity &
                          brands with clear &         growth business                                          US, && Europe
                                                                                                                      Europe                – Suppliers
                                                                                   inclusion agenda
                                                    • Targeted growth                                        • Consumer led                 – Communities
                                                                                 • Continuous &                wine making at
                        • Core objective to drive     through our markets          company wide                                             – Government &
                          more consumption            in rest of Asia &                                        the best cost                  industry bodies
                                                                                   learning through
                          occasions                   Europe                       TWEforME Academy          • Sustainable supply        • Strong third-party
                        • Bold, consumer-need
                                           need     • Category leadership                                      chain, with a focus         expertise leveraged
                                                                                 •                             on water surety,
                          driven innovation to        with key retailers             use of technology to                                  for non-core
                          build the future                                                                     emissions, climate          business activities
                                                    • Acceleration in                enable collaboration,     adaptation, &&
                                                      direct to consumer &           connection &              packaging
                                                      ecommerce channels             development
                                                      – ours & our                                           • Fit for purpose asset
                                                      retail partners’                                         base structured to
                                                                                                               deliver sustainable
                                                                                                               performance now &
                                                                                                               in the future




                    10 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                        Strategic imperative   F22 progress

                        Consumer               • Introduced Penfolds wines to more consumers around the world, purchasing production
                        focused premium          assets in Bordeaux to support growth of the Penfolds French portfolio and announcing




For personal use only
                        brand portfolio          the first Penfolds wine made in China, launching in calendar 2022.
                                               • Launched 19 Crimes Martha’s Chard, in partnership with Martha Stewart in the US, following
                                                 the successful launch of Cali Red and Cali Rosé through our partnership with entertainment
                                                 icon Snoop Dogg.
                                               • Enhanced the luxury credentials of Treasury Americas with the addition of the award-
                                                 winning Frank Family Vineyards portfolio.
                                               • Expanded the reach of priority brands in the Treasury Premium Brands portfolio, with
                                                 increased distribution and listings across Asia and Europe for 19 Crimes, Squealing Pig,
                                                 Wynns, and Pepperjack.

                        Multi-regional         • Continued to invest in sales and marketing to grow distribution and availability of Penfolds
                        and multi-channel        in markets outside of Mainland China.
                        selling models         • Penfolds successfully launched two NFT transactions, enabling engagement with a new set
                                                 of consumers through a new sales channel.
                                               • Strong execution by the dedicated Treasury Americas luxury sales model ‘Vault Collective’
                                                 elevated performance across all sales channels.
                                               • Treasury Americas partnership with Republic National Distribution Company (RNDC)
                                                 delivered significant distribution gains in California and Texas.
                                               • Treasury Premium Brands increased investment in e-commerce in the UK and Global Travel
                                                 Retail in Europe and Asia to further diversify its sales by channel.

                        World class            • Created our TWE leadership attributes to define traits that underpin our TWE DNA,
                        talent                   shaping the environment and experience of our team members.
                                               • Continued to invest in learning through our TWEforME Academy, focused on building
                                                 capabilities such as innovation and digital, as well as our diverse, inclusive and
                                                 collaborative culture.
                                               • Introduced new blended working principles and guidance to support a transition to hybrid
                                                 working, with a focus on holistic employee wellbeing.
                                               • Conducted our second engagement and inclusion survey, with an increase in participation
                                                 from 50% to 76%. Progress against all focus areas from the prior year increased the overall
                                                 engagement and inclusion score to 70%, up from 68%.
                                               • Achieved recognition as a leading employer, including from the Australian Financial Review
                                                 as one of the Best Places to Work in 2021, with the Inclusive and Diverse Workplace Award
                                                 by Australia’s The Drinks Association, Great Place to Work certification in the UK, and
                                                 recognition as one of the Healthiest Employers of the Bay Area, San Francisco.

                        Sustainable and        • Completed construction and commissioning of the TWE Barossa Winery expansion and
                        multi-regional           associated consolidation of the Penfolds Nuriootpa Winery.
                        sourcing and           • Acquired and integrated additional production assets in Bordeaux, expanding and
                        winemaking               diversifying our Penfolds production base in France.
                        models
                                               • Accelerated our China country of origin project, completing our first luxury winemaking
                                                 trials to produce a Shangri-La and Ningxia-sourced Penfolds wine.
                                               • Executed a global cost optimisation program into all supply chain functions and processes
                                                 to deliver benefits of $65 million in F23 and expected total savings of $90 million by F25.

                        Deep, long-term        • Refinanced existing debt facilities, including the establishment of Sustainability Linked
                        partnerships and         Loans, increasing accountability for delivering TWE’s sustainability targets, and creating
                        networks                 a direct link between sustainability performance and TWE’s cost of capital.
                                               • Entered a long-term, strategic co-operation agreement with the China Alcoholic Drinks
                                                 Association, demonstrating TWE’s long-term commitment to the Chinese wine industry
                                                 and consumers.
                                               • Treasury Americas renewed agreements with key suppliers, further solidifying our
                                                 distribution network and strength of our relationships with key US distributors.
                                               • Treasury Premium Brands continued to raise awareness of its brands by investing in high
                                                 profile partnerships including Wolf Blass and HBO in the launch of Game of Thrones: House
                                                 of the Dragon, Pepperjack and the AFL and Squealing Pig and the Australian Open.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 11
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    FUTURE PROSPECTS
                    TWE remains focused on leveraging its organisational,                       Inflation and cost outlook
                    strategic and physical assets across the world to                           Supply chain and input cost inflationary pressures
                    deliver quality growth. Our long-term financial growth




For personal use only
                                                                                                are expected to continue, with an incremental
                    objectives are centred around driving profitability,                        $25 million currently estimated in F23. In addition,
                    efficient capital usage, and the delivery of sustainable                    TWE’s luxury inventory which will be sold in F23 will be
                    shareholder returns, as listed below.                                       primarily from the 2020 Australian and Californian
                    • Deliver sustainable top-line growth and high                              vintages, both lower yielding and higher cost vintages.
                      single-digit average earnings growth6.                                    Offsetting these costs, TWE’s global supply chain
                                                                                                optimisation program (which commenced in F21) is
                    • Continue the premiumisation of the sales mix.                             now complete, with the program confirmed to deliver
                    • Expand EBITS margin to 25% and beyond.                                    savings of $90 million (up from $75 million previously).
                                                                                                The phasing of P&L delivery is now expected to be
                    • Restore ROCE to pre-pandemic levels and then grow.
                                                                                                $65 million in F23 (down from $75 million previously)
                    • Maintain cashflow and capital metrics in line with                        with the full run-rate of program benefits to flow
                      an investment-grade credit profile, including cash                        through by F25, based on the age of release of the
                      conversion of 90%+ (excluding the investment                              luxury wine portfolios. COGS per case are expected to
                      in non-current luxury and premium inventory) and                          remain in line with F22, with improvement expected
                      net debt to EBITDAS to remain below 2.0x through                          from F24 onwards. Also mitigating higher costs are the
                      the cycle.                                                                further price increases TWE has implemented within all
                                                                                                divisions in F23, specifically on growing premium and
                    Each division will contribute differently towards our
                                                                                                supply-constrained luxury brands.
                    growth objectives, with their own financial targets.
                    • Penfolds will focus on growth in revenue to drive
                      earnings growth, with an EBITS margin target of
                      40-45%.
                    • Treasury Americas will focus on premiumisation
                      to drive revenue growth along with cost optimisation
                      to support higher earnings and improved return on
                      capital, with an EBITS margin ambition of 25%.
                    • Treasury Premium Brands’ growth objectives are
                      focused on premiumisation and cost and capital
                      efficiency opportunities with a high-teens EBITS
                      margin ambition.
                    Areas of near-term focus that may impact TWE’s
                    future operational and financial prospects, excluding
                    material business risks which are outlined in the next
                    section, are outlined below.
                    Impact of high inflationary economic environment
                    on consumer demand
                    The impact of the current economic outlook on
                    consumer demand is uncertain. However, wine
                    consumption in TWE’s key global markets is currently,
                    and expected to remain, strong for premium and luxury
                    price points, reflecting the continuation of long-term
                    premiumisation trends and the historical resilience
                    of category performance through past economic
                    downturns. TWE expects its portfolio of trusted, well-
                    known and growing brands will continue to perform
                    well in this environment.




                    6. Organic, pre-material items and on a constant currency basis. Continuation of COVID-19 related disruptions to key sales channels for luxury wine
                       may impact short-term performance.



                    12 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    MATERIAL BUSINESS RISKS
                    Various risks could have a material impact on the achievement of TWE’s strategies and future prospects. Below are
                    those risks that TWE considers of greatest materiality to the business, and existing mitigations against these risks.




For personal use only
                    While our material risks have not fundamentally changed in F22, we have made some changes to the risks
                    included below to reflect how the Board and Executive see TWE’s risk profile considering both financial and
                    non-financial impacts. Furthermore, the following risks have elevated in focus:
                    • Turnover of key talent as we operate in an environment of talent shortage and heightened levels
                      of employee movement.
                    • Pricing and investment execution and cost management impacting margin outcomes, due to increased
                      global inflationary pressures.

                        Risk           Description                                 Mitigation

                        Changing       Unanticipated changes in consumer           • We maintain a global diversified portfolio of brands and
                        consumer       demand or preferences can have                products balanced between commercial, premium,
                        preferences    adverse effects on the business’ ability      and luxury segments and at different stages of the
                        and market     to either capture growth opportunities        brand lifecycle.
                        trends         or manage supply. These changes             • Strategic focus on premium and luxury categories,
                                       could be caused or accelerated by             which have a longer ageing process before being
                                       changes in economic outlook.                  released, providing greater flexibility to respond to
                                                                                     changes in demand.
                                                                                   • Brand portfolio and product strategy, including portfolio
                                                                                     rationalisation, brand prioritisation and targeted
                                                                                     investment in consumer marketing.
                                                                                   • A dedicated consumer insights and innovation
                                                                                     team tracking consumer trends and researching
                                                                                     new opportunities.
                                                                                   • Global business planning processes, including portfolio
                                                                                     reviews and global volume alignment processes.

                        Changing       Instability in the markets in which         • Continue to grow our diversified portfolio of products
                        geopolitical   we operate could impact consumer              and markets including Australia, US, Europe, Middle East,
                        environment    demand, ability to trade, access to           and Asia.
                                       new markets, disruption to global           • We respect local laws wherever we operate and have
                                       supply chains, and other barriers to          implemented a robust compliance framework.
                                       the movement of people and goods
                                                                                   • Relationships and engagement (where relevant)
                                       across international borders.
                                                                                     with key government, industry advocacy and
                                                                                     regulatory bodies.
                                                                                   • Flexible supply chain practices.
                                                                                   • Crisis management and business continuity plans.
                                                                                   • Seek opportunities for strategic investment from, and
                                                                                     into, key markets to capture new growth opportunities
                                                                                     and enhance connection to key markets.

                        Changing       TWE operates in a regulated industry        • Company-wide policies, standards and procedures.
                        regulatory     in many of the markets it makes and         • TWE Compliance Framework.
                        environment    sells wine. Each of these markets has
                                                                                   • Specialised and experienced resources and teams.
                                       differing regulations that govern many
                                       aspects of TWE’s operations. Changes        • Executive Leadership Team oversight via the Risk,
                                       to regulatory requirements are broad          Compliance and Governance Committee.
                                       ranging and include taxes, health and       • TWE Risk and Assurance Framework, including targeted
                                       labelling guidelines as well as climate       reviews by external and internal audit and other
                                       and environmental requirements.               specialist providers.
                                       Remaining compliant with and abreast
                                                                                   • Relationships and engagement (where relevant) with key
                                       of additional regulations and changes
                                                                                     government, industry advocacy and regulatory bodies
                                       to existing regulations requires diligent
                                                                                     to understand emerging issues and opportunities, and
                                       and ongoing monitoring by the
                                                                                     collaborate on advocacy strategies.
                                       business.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 13
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        Risk              Description                                 Mitigation

                        Cyber and         Cyber and information security is           • Defined Cyber-Security Strategy and Governance.
                        information       essential to protect business-critical




For personal use only
                                                                                      • Information Security Policy, supporting framework
                        security          intellectual property and privacy             and specialised resources.
                                          of data. Continuing advances
                                                                                      • IT Asset Management to manage our asset security
                                          in technology, systems, and
                                                                                        throughout the lifecycle.
                                          communication channels mean
                                          increasing amounts of private               • Program to monitor and detect cyber threats across
                                          and confidential data are now                 the enterprise network.
                                          stored electronically. This, together       • Vulnerability management program to identify
                                          with increasing cyber-crime,                  and remediate susceptible high-risk areas within
                                          heightens the need for robust data            the enterprise environment.
                                          security measures.
                                                                                      • Restricted and segregated management of sensitive
                                                                                        business/supplier/customer data.
                                                                                      • Periodic employee training and alerts to ensure secure
                                                                                        handling of sensitive data.
                                                                                      • Periodic user access and general system
                                                                                        penetration testing.
                                                                                      • Crisis, business continuity and disaster recovery plans.

                        Health, safety    The health, safety and wellbeing            • Formally defined Health, Safety and Wellbeing (HS&W)
                        and wellbeing     of the TWE team and everyone who              policy, standards, procedures and tools.
                                          touches our business remains our            • Induction/onboarding and on-going training programs
                                          highest priority. TWE recognises the          including: safe work procedures, permit to work system,
                                          importance of ensuring our people             safety leadership programs, and Destination Zero Harm
                                          stay safe through closely managing            Global Commitments.
                                          existing risks and being proactive
                                                                                      • Preventative repair and maintenance programs
                                          with emerging risks.
                                                                                        and facility and equipment inspection programs.
                                          Growing grapes, processing fruit
                                                                                      • Employee surveys, safety conversations,
                                          and packing wine involves the use of
                                                                                        HR complaints and whistleblower service capture
                                          complex equipment and processes
                                                                                        feedback from employees and external stakeholders
                                          that pose a risk and could result in
                                                                                        on the effectiveness of our HS&W initiatives.
                                          death, serious injury, or illness leading
                                          to a financial, operational, and            • Monitoring of safety performance and incidents
                                          reputational impact.                          through regular reporting, investigations, and
                                                                                        corrective action plans.
                                                                                      • Comprehensive COVID-19 management tools
                                                                                        and processes.
                                                                                      • TWE Mental Health and Wellbeing Framework, including
                                                                                        employee mental health surveys and membership of
                                                                                        the Corporate Mental Health Alliance Australia (CMHAA),
                                                                                        to improve understanding and support for mental health
                                                                                        in the workplace.
                                                                                      • Internal and external support mechanisms in place to
                                                                                        create a healthy and safe workplace, including Employee
                                                                                        Assistance Programs (EAP) and dedicated mental and
                                                                                        emotional health care provider for our American-based
                                                                                        team members.




                    14 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                        Risk               Description                                 Mitigation

                        Impacts            The impacts of climate change may           • Climate-adaptive business strategy including a multi-
                        of climate-        affect our ability to grow, make, and         region sourcing model to mitigate over-reliance on a




For personal use only
                        related change     market quality wines. A changing              single region.
                        on TWE’s ability   climate presents physical risks such        • Investment in key production assets to manage for
                        to source          as more frequent extreme weather              compressed vintages, which are becoming more
                        grapes             events and changing temperatures              frequent with climate change.
                        and make           that affect the yield and quality of
                                                                                       • Climate and water risk assessments allow us to
                        premium wines      vineyards. Further, it could lead to
                                                                                         understand what opportunities and risks may emerge
                                           decreases in water availability or
                                                                                         as a result of climate change and to inform our
                                           quality and/or an increase in the
                                                                                         adaptation responses.
                                           cost of water.
                                                                                       • Continued improvement of our data and weather
                                           In addition, transition risks such
                                                                                         forecasting abilities as well as investment in areas
                                           as government actions to reduce
                                                                                         such as optimised irrigation and innovative
                                           the impacts of climate change,
                                                                                         agronomic practices.
                                           through emission reduction targets
                                           or cross border carbon adjustment           • Collaborating with a range of partners, such as
                                           mechanisms, may also impact TWE’s             universities, industry, and suppliers to improve our
                                           cost base.                                    understanding of climate change and improve
                                                                                         our practices.
                                                                                       • We continue to monitor and understand emerging
                                                                                         trends, policy developments, and our emissions profile.

                        Incident           The strength of TWE’s portfolio             • Code of Conduct, Responsible Marketing Guidelines,
                        leading to         of brands is key to the success               Responsible Consumption Program, Responsible
                        negative           of the business. If we experience             Procurement Code, Environment Policy and Standard,
                        coverage in        misrepresentation, negative or critical       Media Policy, Social Media Policy, and incident
                        traditional or     coverage in either traditional and/           management procedures.
                        social media       or social channels, this could result       • Active media monitoring and social listening including
                                           in damage to TWE’s reputation and             community engagement, product reviews, and public
                                           to its brands. This can be driven             posting relating to TWE brands with ability to escalate
                                           by a number of performance and                core issues.
                                           operational factors, as well as
                                                                                       • Global reputation research to understand
                                           commentary and opinions about
                                                                                         current stakeholder perceptions and influence
                                           issues and trends that have the
                                                                                         future engagement.
                                           potential to impact the business,
                                           its brands, and people.                     • Brand and intellectual property protection strategies.

                        Technology         The business relies on IT infrastructure,   • Defined technology roadmap and strategy.
                        and business       systems, and processes to support           • A global Enterprise Resource Planning System
                        infrastructure     ongoing business growth. Where                and reporting capability.
                        supporting         such infrastructure cannot efficiently
                                                                                       • Global Shared Services Model including Continuous
                        growth             support the changing needs of the
                                                                                         Improvement Framework.
                                           business, there is risk of process
                                           inefficiency and/or error, which            • IT policies and supporting procedures (security,
                                           includes increased costs and                  change management, project management, etc.).
                                           processing times and/or damage              • Documentation and mapping of key processes
                                           to business reputation.                       and controls across the business.
                                                                                       • Semi-annual key control self-assessment process.




                                                                                                           TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 15
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        Risk               Description                                 Mitigation

                        Misaligned         TWE’s ability to fulfil demand, in          • Multi-regional growing and sourcing.
                        supply and         particular growing demand for luxury




For personal use only
                                                                                       • Balanced grape intake between owned/leased
                        demand for         wine or specific varietals, can be            vineyards and third-party suppliers.
                        region, variety,   restricted by the availability of grapes.
                                                                                       • Long-term vintage planning and ongoing demand
                        and grade of       Over time, changing consumer
                                                                                         planning processes, to align our supply with our insights
                        grapes             preferences affects demand for
                                                                                         from monitoring changing consumer preferences.
                                           certain regional, varietal and/or grade
                                           of grapes, providing both potential         • Strong grower relationships and defined service
                                           opportunities for growth and potential        level agreements.
                                           price pressure on existing inventory/       • Ongoing customer/distributor relationship management
                                           committed supply. As a result, financial      to understand changes in demand and achieve
                                           results could be affected, both in the        alignment with our current and future portfolio
                                           year of harvest and in future periods.        of products.
                                                                                       • Innovative agronomic practices to improve
                                                                                         vineyard yield.
                                                                                       • Global wine allocation process for constrained products
                                                                                         to maximise value from products where supply is unable
                                                                                         to meet demand.

                        Partner            TWE’s ability to achieve our objectives     • Multi-regional and diversified supplier, distributor
                        performance        is directly tied to the performance of        and retailer base.
                        and market         our partners (suppliers, distributors,      • Responsible Procurement Code (RPC) to define our
                        concentration      and retailers). The sub-optimal               broader requirements of our suppliers, including
                                           performance of these partners, and/or         expectations related to human rights, safety,
                                           their market concentration and power,         and the environment.
                                           could have a significant impact on
                                                                                       • Defined and pre-approved terms of engagement.
                                           TWE’s market share and/or margins.
                                                                                       • Investment in strong and multi-faceted key
                                                                                         partner relationships.
                                                                                       • Joint business planning processes with customers
                                                                                         and distributors to support and align their interests
                                                                                         with our objectives.
                                                                                       • Regular performance reviews.

                        Pricing and        Where pricing and investment                • Ongoing management of our key cost drivers, closely
                        investment         execution are not appropriately               monitoring their potential for volatility and assessing
                        execution and      aligned to both the brand and                 their impact on TWE earnings.
                        cost               product vision and strategy as well         • Ongoing global pricing oversight and monitoring
                        management         as external competitor activity, there        across markets, including key competitor pricing
                        impacting          is an increased risk to TWE of loss of        and promotional activity.
                        margin             market share, decreasing margins
                                                                                       • Brand portfolio and product strategy
                        outcomes           and/or brand damage.
                                                                                         (incl. pricing guidelines).
                                           Developments in the global economy,
                                                                                       • Controls over product price changes.
                                           including inflationary pressures and
                                           foreign exchange rate movements             • Monthly brand/product sales performance reporting
                                           could add costs, impact TWE’s                 versus budget.
                                           earnings, and impact margins.               • Active foreign exchange hedging strategy.
                                                                                       • Continued focus on working capital, including cash
                                                                                         conversion as a core financial metric.




                    16 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                        Risk               Description                              Mitigation

                        Product            If we sell wine with a significant       • Product quality policies, procedures and controls,
                        quality defects,   product quality defect, or deliberate      coordinated and overseen by central TWE Technical




For personal use only
                        contamination,     contamination, it could have               Services team.
                        and counterfeit    significant impacts on TWE’s             • Product quality analytical control testing including
                                           corporate and brand reputation.            chemical and microbiological testing.
                                           It may also add costs through
                                                                                    • Third-party audits and accreditation of processes
                                           product write offs or recall.
                                                                                      and controls, including Hazard Analysis and Critical
                                           As the reputation and value of TWE’s       Control Points.
                                           brands increase, so does the risk
                                                                                    • Supplier Service Level Agreements and specifications
                                           of counterfeit and copycat products,
                                                                                      for Quality and Supplier Quality Assurance for packaging
                                           which may impact profitability
                                                                                      dry goods.
                                           and brand reputation.
                                                                                    • Crisis management and product withdrawal and/or
                                                                                      recall plans.
                                                                                    • Intellectual Property (IP) protection including trademark,
                                                                                      copyright, design and other IP registrations. Strict IP
                                                                                      agreements and guidelines, including for licensing
                                                                                      arrangements, such as branded retail stores.
                                                                                    • Collaborative alliances and working relationships with
                                                                                      online marketplaces and other key industry bodies.
                                                                                    • Regular internal counterfeit/copycat awareness training
                                                                                      and clear customer communication policies regarding
                                                                                      complaints/enquiries.
                                                                                    • Brand Protection Program - focusing on online
                                                                                      and offline enforcement (including maximising
                                                                                      criminal enforcements).
                                                                                    • Copycat enforcement strategy - focusing on
                                                                                      high-priority targets.
                                                                                    • IP due diligence - detailed checks on partners/retailers
                                                                                      and ongoing supply chain audits.

                        Business           TWE’s scope of operations exposes        • Crisis, business continuity and disaster recovery plans,
                        disruption and/    it to a number of business disruption      training and resources.
                        or catastrophic    risks, such as environmental             • Dedicated Health and Safety team oversight,
                        damage or loss     catastrophes, natural and man-made         audit programs, and training.
                                           hazards and incidents, or politically
                                                                                    • Preventative repair and maintenance program.
                                           motivated violence.
                                                                                    • Multi-regional sourcing and production capability.
                                           Significant business disruption could
                                           result in TWE sites or people being      • Multi-regional sales diversification.
                                           harmed or threatened, loss of key        • Comprehensive insurance program.
                                           infrastructure, inability to trade,
                                                                                    • Global business planning processes.
                                           inventory shortages, excess or loss,
                                           customer dissatisfaction, or financial   • Financial risk management (refer to Page 109).
                                           and reputational loss.




                                                                                                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 17
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        Risk              Description                                 Mitigation

                        Turnover          TWE’s ability to deliver on strategic       We aim to make TWE a great place to work with an inclusive
                        of key talent     targets is reliant on attracting and        culture and a compelling Employee Value Proposition (EVP).




For personal use only
                                          retaining experienced, skilled, and         To differentiate TWE from competitors in the market,
                                          motivated talent in core functions such     we provide a place where our people come together to
                                          as winemaking, sales, and marketing.        spark innovation, fuel human connection, create belonging,
                                          It also requires strong, resilient, and     and promote wellbeing through a range of employee
                                          effective leaders as the business grows     programs such as:
                                          at pace.                                    • strategically aligned and targeted learning
                                          Inability to retain key talent can impact     and development
                                          relationships with TWE’s key partners,      • strategic workforce planning
                                          result in lost business knowledge,          • talent review and succession planning processes
                                          increase risk of employee burnout, and
                                                                                      • employee health, safety and wellbeing, including mental
                                          hamper the business’s ability to deliver
                                                                                        and physical health and resilience
                                          on key initiatives.
                                                                                      • market competitive remuneration and benefits and
                                                                                        incentive and reward aligned to the achievement of
                                                                                        TWE’s financial and business goals and demonstration
                                                                                        of the right behaviours
                                                                                      • a culture, enabled by our DNA, which celebrates diversity,
                                                                                        courage and collaboration.




                    18 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    PROFIT REPORT
                    Announcement highlights
                    • Reported EBITS grew 3% to $523.7 million and EBITS margin improved 1.3 ppts to 21.1%, reflecting execution of F22




For personal use only
                      priorities including continued portfolio premiumisation and growth of distribution and availability for priority brands.
                    • Strong performance delivered across TWE, with each brand portfolio division delivering underlying EBITS growth
                      and EBITS margin expansion.
                    • Excluding Penfolds Australian COO sales to Mainland China, NSR and EBITS grew 9% and 22% respectively.
                    • Portfolio premiumisation continues, with the contribution of global NSR from the premium and luxury portfolios
                      increasing 6 ppts to 83%.
                    • The strength of a number of TWE’s luxury and premium brands enabled targeted price increases in F22,
                      with additional price increases implemented in early F23 on selected brands.
                    • 104.3% cash conversion and investment grade capital structure enabling a 23% increase for F22 final dividend.
                    • In F23, TWE expects to deliver strong growth and continued EBITS margin expansion.


                    Group financial summary
                                                                                                                               % Chg. Constant
                    A$m (unless otherwise stated)                                                F22     % Chg. Reported              Currency       % Chg. Organic7

                    Net Sales Revenue (NSR)                                                  2,476.7                (3.6)%                (4.7)%                  (1.1)%
                    NSR per case (A$)                                                            97.3                 16.1%                14.8%                  7.7%
                    Earnings Before Interest, Tax, SGARA
                    and Material items (EBITS)                                                 523.7                  2.6%                  4.0%                   4.1%
                    EBITS Margin                                                                21.1%              1.3ppts               1.8ppts                1.0ppt
                    Net Profit After Tax                                                       263.2                  5.3%                 10.0%
                    Earnings Per Share (A$ cents)                                               36.5                  5.2%                 10.0%
                    Net Profit After Tax before Material Items
                    and SGARA                                                                  322.6                  4.2%                  7.4%
                    Earnings Per Share before Material Items
                    and SGARA (A$ cents)                                                        44.7                   4.1%                 7.3%

                    • NSR declined 3.6% to $2,476.7 million, reflecting reduced global commercial portfolio volumes and the decline
                      in shipments to Mainland China8, partly offset by strong growth in the premium and luxury portfolios.
                    • NSR per case improved 16.1%, with TWE’s continued focus on portfolio premiumisation increasing the contribution
                      of the premium and luxury portfolios to 83% of Group NSR, up from 77% in F21.
                    • EBITS increased 2.6% to $523.7 million; adjusting for the contribution from Penfolds Australian COO sales in
                      Mainland China, EBITS increased 22%.
                    • EBITS margin increased 1.3 ppts to 21.1%, with improvement delivered across all divisions.
                    • NPAT improved 4.2% to $322.6 million and EPS improved 4.1% to 44.7 cents per share.
                    • ROCE 10.7%, down 0.1 ppt versus the pcp; excluding divested and acquired brands, ROCE was 10.9%.
                    • Cash conversion 104.3%; excluding the change in premium and luxury inventory, cash conversion was 103.1%.
                    • Net Debt to EBITDAS of 1.8x9 reflects the maintenance of TWE’s investment grade profile, up from 1.6x in the pcp
                      following the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards.
                    • Final dividend of 16.0 cents per share declared, fully franked, an increase of 23% on F21 final dividend; full year
                      payout of 31.0 cents per share, or 69% of NPAT, at the upper end of TWE’s long-term dividend policy.




                    7. On a constant currency basis, excluding the contribution of divested and acquired portfolio brands in Treasury Americas.
                    8. In November and December 2020, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce (‘MOFCOM’) announced provisional anti-dumping and countervailing
                       measures, with a combined duty of 175.6% to be applied to the value of TWE Australian COO wine in containers of two litres or less imported into
                       Mainland China. In March 2021, MOFCOM announced its final determination, announcing that the combined duty rate would remain in place for
                       a minimum of five years.
                    9. Includes last-twelve months EBITDAS of Frank Family Vineyards.



                                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 19
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    Performance overview
                                                                                               % Chg.    % Chg. Constant         % Chg.
                    A$m                                                          F22         Reported           Currency        Organic

                    NSR




For personal use only
                    Penfolds                                                    717.3           (9.1)%            (9.3)%                 -
                    Treasury Americas                                         963.4              2.5%              (0.1)%          11.6%
                    Treasury Premium Brands                                    796.0           (5.3)%             (5.6)%                 -
                    Group                                                    2,476.7           (3.6)%            (4.7)%           (1.1)%
                    Luxury & Premium (%NSR)                                   83.3%           6.7ppts           6.6ppts         3.0ppts
                    EBITS
                    Penfolds                                                   319.3            (7.8)%            (5.4)%                 -
                    Treasury Americas                                          185.6            20.5%              16.9%           19.0%
                    Treasury Premium Brands                                     79.6            27.0%             33.6%                  -
                    Corporate                                                  (60.8)          (15.6)%           (15.6)%                 -
                    Group                                                      523.7            2.6%               4.0%            4.1%
                    EBITS Margin (%)                                            21.1%         1.3ppts            1.8ppts          1.0ppt

                    Execution of key F22 strategic priorities delivered strong operating momentum across each brand portfolio division:
                    • Penfolds reported an 8% decline in EBITS to $319.3 million and an EBITS margin of 44.5% (up 0.6 ppts).
                      The significant decline in shipments to Mainland China was partly offset by continued strength in a number
                      of global markets and channels. Penfolds continues to attract new consumers and grow distribution and
                      availability, globally, with NSR and EBITS outside of Mainland China increasing by 45% and 25% respectively
                      on a constant currency basis. In Asian markets outside of Mainland China NSR grew 106%, supported by
                      strong depletion trends in multiple markets led by consumer demand and channel penetration.
                    • Treasury Americas reported a 21% increase in EBITS to $185.6 million and an EBITS margin of 19.3% (up 2.9 ppts).
                      The priority brand portfolio continued to perform strongly with NSR increasing 15% in the year on a constant
                      currency basis, led by standout growth from Beringer, Stags’ Leap, Matua and 19 Crimes. Following the
                      completion of significant changes in brand portfolio and asset base, including the acquisition of Frank Family
                      Vineyards, Treasury Americas has been repositioned as a premium wine business with a focused portfolio
                      of growing brands.
                    • Treasury Premium Brands reported a 27% increase in EBITS to $79.6 million and an EBITS margin of 10.0% (up
                      2.5 ppts). Portfolio premiumisation continued, with strong performance by priority brands including 19 Crimes,
                      Pepperjack, Squealing Pig and Wynns. Significant distribution gains and NSR growth for priority brands in key
                      EMEA and Asia markets was an execution highlight, as was continued innovation success across the portfolio.
                    • Corporate costs increased 16% reflecting increased investment in technology and higher insurance costs.




                    20 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Profit and Loss10

                                                                                                            Reported Currency                  Constant Currency

                    $Am (unless otherwise stated)                                          F22              F21         Change                  F21        Change




For personal use only
                    Net sales revenue                                                  2,476.7         2,569.6             (3.6)%          2,598.1            (4.7)%
                        NSR per case ($)                                                  97.3             83.8             16.1%            84.8             14.8%
                    Other Revenue                                                          55.1            28.2           95.3%               28.3           94.8%
                    Cost of goods sold                                                (1,488.5)         (1,573.1)          5.4%           (1,597.8)           6.8%
                        Cost of goods sold per case ($)                                   58.5             51.3           (14.0)%              52.1          (12.2)%
                    Gross profit                                                       1,043.2          1,024.7             1.8%           1,028.6             1.4%
                        Gross profit margin (% of NSR)                                   42.1%           39.9%          2.2ppts             39.6%          2.5ppts
                    Cost of doing business                                              (519.5)          (514.4)           (1.0)%          (525.2)              1.1%
                        Cost of doing business margin (% of NSR)                         21.0%           20.0%         (1.0)ppts            20.2%        (0.8)ppts
                    EBITS (before material items)                                       523.7             510.3            2.6%             503.4             4.0%
                        EBITS margin (%)                                                  21.1%           19.9%         1.3ppts              19.4%         1.8ppts
                    SGARA                                                                (33.9)             9.4              NM                9.6              NM
                    EBIT (before material items)                                        489.8             519.7           (5.8)%             513.0           (4.5)%
                    Net finance costs                                                     (71.4)          (73.5)           2.8%              (74.8)           4.5%
                    Tax expense                                                         (120.2)           (130.1)           7.6%              (131.1)         8.3%
                    Net profit after tax (before material items)                        298.2             316.1           (5.7)%            307.2            (2.9)%
                    Material items (after tax)                                           (35.0)            (66.1)          47.1%             (67.9)          48.5%
                    Net profit after tax                                                263.2            250.0             5.3%             239.2            10.0%
                    Reported EPS (A¢)                                                     36.5             34.7            5.2%               33.2            10.0%
                    Net profit after tax (before material items
                    and SGARA)                                                          322.6            309.6             4.2%             300.5             7.4%
                    EPS (before material items and SGARA) (A¢)                            44.7             42.9             4.1%               41.7            7.3%
                    Average no. of shares (m)                                            721.8            721.4             0.1%             721.4             0.1%
                    Dividend (A¢)                                                          31.0            28.0            10.7%              28.0            10.7%

                    NSR declined 4.7% reflecting the divestment of the                        EBITS margin improved 1.8 ppts to 21.1%, continuing
                    US commercial portfolio in March 2021, the decline                        progress towards TWE’s Group EBITS margin target
                    in shipments to Mainland China and reduced                                of 25% and beyond.
                    commercial volumes in the UK and Australia.
                                                                                              SGARA loss reflects reduced intake from the 2021
                    The decline was partly offset by strong premium
                                                                                              Californian vintage and 2022 Australian vintage,
                    and luxury performance in Treasury Americas and
                                                                                              partially offset by the unwinding of losses from
                    Treasury Premium Brands.
                                                                                              previous vintages.
                    NSR per case improved 14.8% with TWE’s continuing
                                                                                              Net finance costs improved 4.5%, driven by lower
                    focus on portfolio premiumisation increasing the
                                                                                              interest expense on right of use leases and a reduction
                    contribution of the luxury and premium portfolios
                                                                                              in debt establishment costs.
                    to 83% of Group NSR, up from 77% in the pcp.
                                                                                              Tax expense declined 8.3% in F22, reflecting lower
                    COGS per case increased 12.2% reflecting the portfolio
                                                                                              statutory earnings. The effective tax rate (before
                    mix shift, higher COGS from the fire and drought
                                                                                              material items) of 28.7% was in line with the pcp.
                    impacted 2020 Californian vintage and elevated global
                    supply chain, logistics and packaging costs which                         Material Items A post-tax net material items loss
                    totalled approximately $25 million vs pcp.                                of $35.0 million has been recognised, and relates to
                                                                                              costs associated with the divestment of US brands
                    CODB improved 1.1% to $519.5 million, driven by lower
                                                                                              and assets, the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards
                    overheads and brand building investment in Mainland
                                                                                              and supply chain changes.
                    China in addition to reduced global commercial
                    portfolio volumes.                                                        EPS (before SGARA and material items) increased
                                                                                              7.3% to 44.7 cents per share. Reported EPS increased
                                                                                              10.0% to 36.5 cents per share.


                    10. Unless otherwise stated, all figures and percentage movements are stated on a constant currency basis versus the prior corresponding period
                        and are subject to rounding.



                                                                                                                    TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 21
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    Balance sheet (condensed)11
                    A$m                                                    F22           F21       Property, plant & equipment increased $199.0 million
                                                                                                   to $1,521.5 million driven by the Frank Family Vineyard
                    Cash & cash equivalents                               430.5         448.1
                                                                                                   acquisition, investment in South Australian luxury




For personal use only
                    Receivables                                           564.4          621.3     winemaking infrastructure and foreign currency
                    Current inventories                                   947.9         839.7      movements.
                    Non-current inventories                              1,063.6      1,056.8      Intangible assets increased by $244.3 million to
                    Property, plant & equipment                           1,521.5      1,322.5     $1,399.8 million, reflecting the acquisition of Frank Family
                                                                                                   Vineyards and foreign currency movements.
                    Right of use lease assets                             435.3         448.4
                                                                                                   Assets held for sale declined $104.6 million following
                    Agricultural assets                                     32.9         33.8
                                                                                                   the divestment of Provenance, Chateau St Jean and
                    Intangibles                                          1,399.8       1,155.5     surplus supply chain assets in the US.
                    Tax assets                                             163.5         183.7     Provisions includes employee provisions and
                    Assets held for sale                                   35.6          140.2     allowance for future repairs on leased assets damaged
                                                                                                   by the Californian wildfires, which are recoverable
                    Other assets                                            68.7         34.2
                                                                                                   under insurance.
                    Total assets                                        6,663.7      6,284.2
                                                                                                   Net borrowing12 (including Lease Liabilities) increased
                    Payables                                               747.2        703.6      by $163.5 million to $1,243.2 million, with interest bearing
                    Interest bearing debt                                1,064.7         915.2     debt increasing by $149.5 million following the
                    Lease liabilities                                     609.0          612.6
                                                                                                   acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards, partly offset by
                                                                                                   cash proceeds from asset divestments.
                    Tax liabilities                                       347.2         330.7
                                                                                                   Net debt to EBITDAS13 1.8x, up from 1.6x in F21 and below
                    Provisions                                              81.0        104.8
                                                                                                   TWE’s up to 2.0x ‘through the cycle’ target.
                    Other liabilities                                       25.6          26.1
                                                                                                   Funding structure includes committed debt facilities
                    Total liabilities                                   2,874.7      2,693.0       totalling $1.9 billion, of which $827.3 million were
                    Net assets                                          3,789.0       3,591.2      undrawn at 30 June 2022. New US Private Placement
                                                                                                   Notes totalling US$250 million were issued in 2H22, with
                    Net assets increased $197.8 million to $3,789.0 million                        funding to take place in September 2022. The weighted
                    in F22. Adjusting for foreign exchange rate movements,                         average term to maturity of committed debt facilities
                    net assets increased by $108.2 million.                                        was 4.6 years.
                    Working capital increased $14.5 million, driven by
                    higher luxury inventory and partly offset by favourable
                    movements in receivables (primarily associated
                    with divestment of the US commercial portfolio)
                    and payables.
                    Inventory increased $115.0 million to $2,011.5 million
                    in F22.
                    • Current inventory increased $108.2 million to
                      $947.9 million reflecting improved demand
                      expectations for the Penfolds, Treasury Premium
                      Brands and Treasury Americas portfolios, in addition
                      to the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards.
                    • Non-current inventory increased $6.8 million to
                      $1,063.6 million, driven by the acquisition of Frank
                      Family Vineyards and partly offset by the smaller
                      2021 Californian vintage intake.
                    • Luxury inventory increased 7.4% to $1,152.3 million.




                    11. Unless otherwise stated, balance sheet percentage or dollar movements from the previous period are on a reported currency basis.
                    12. Interest bearing debt includes fair value adjustments related to derivatives that are in a fair value hedge relationship on a portion of US Private
                        Placement notes: F22 $(11.3) million, F21 +$21.6 million.
                    13. Adjusted to include last twelve months EBITDAS for Frank Family Vineyards.



                    22 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Cash flow – reconciliation of net deb14
                    A$m                                                                                                                         F22                      F21

                    EBITDAS                                                                                                                  672.3                  661.0




For personal use only
                    Change in working capital                                                                                                 34.0                  (60.3)
                    Other items                                                                                                                (5.0)                 65.6
                    Net operating cash flows before financing costs, tax & material items                                                    701.2                 666.3
                    Cash conversion                                                                                                        104.3%                100.8%
                    Payments for capital expenditure                                                                                          (112.2)               (121.2)
                    Payments for subsidiaries                                                                                               (439.6)                  (0.0)
                    Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                                 11.1                    4.8
                    Cash flows after net capital expenditure, before financing costs, tax & material items                                   160.6                 549.9
                    Finance costs paid                                                                                                       (66.9)                 (72.3)
                    Tax paid                                                                                                                 (95.5)                 (118.4)
                    Cash flows before dividends & material items                                                                               (1.8)               359.2
                    Dividends/distribution paid                                                                                              (202.1)               (158.7)
                    Cash flows after dividends before material items                                                                        (203.9)                200.5
                    Material item cash flows – proceeds from asset sales                                                                      155.2                      53.1
                    (On-market share purchases)/issue of shares                                                                                (17.3)                    0.9
                    Total cash flows from activities (before debt)                                                                           (66.0)                254.5
                    Net (repayment)/proceeds from borrowings                                                                                  30.6                (245.8)
                    Total cash flows from activities                                                                                         (35.4)                      8.7


                    Opening net debt                                                                                                      (1,057.7)             (1,434.2)
                    Total cash flows from activities (above)                                                                                 (66.0)                254.5
                    Net lease liability additions                                                                                              (8.7)                 (18.7)
                    Debt revaluation and foreign exchange movements                                                                          (122.0)                140.7
                    (Increase)/Decrease in net debt                                                                                         (196.6)                376.5
                    Closing net debt15                                                                                                    (1,254.3)              (1,057.7)

                    Cash conversion of 104.3% reflects continued strong                           Material item cash flows includes the divestiture
                    operating cash flow performance in addition to                                of vineyard assets in Australia and the US, partly offset
                    improved working capital. Excluding the net change                            by integration costs for Frank Family Vineyards and
                    in non-current luxury and premium inventory, cash                             restructuring costs relating to the new divisional model.
                    conversion was 103.1%.
                                                                                                  With respect to the confirmed total net cash proceeds
                    Capital expenditure (capex) of $112.2 million comprised                       of approximately $300 million from divestments in
                    maintenance and replacement capex of $70.6 million                            Treasury Americas, approximately $235 million had
                    and growth capex of $41.6 million, including the                              been received as cash by 30 June 2022, with the
                    completion of investment in South Australian luxury                           remainder expected to be received by the end of
                    winemaking infrastructure. Ongoing expectation for                            calendar year 2022.
                    maintenance and replacement capex of approximately
                    $100 million.
                    Investment in subsidiaries of $439.6 million is driven by
                    the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards in December
                    2021, in addition to the purchase of supply assets in the
                    Bordeaux region of France.




                    14. Unless otherwise stated, cash flow percentage or dollar movements from the previous period are on a reported currency basis.
                    15. Net debt excludes fair value adjustments related to derivatives in a fair value hedge relationship on a portion of US Private Placement notes:
                        F22 +$(11.3) million, F21 +$21.6 million.



                                                                                                                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 23
For personal use only
                    Penfolds
                    World’s most                   Penfolds Grange   Sold in


                                                  24x                60+       5
                    admired wine
                    brand:
                    Drinks
                    International                  perfect           markets   wineries
                    annual poll (2016, 2019)       score recipient             (including shared wineries)




                    24 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    Penfolds collection of benchmark
                    wines was established in the spirit
                    of innovation and the endless




For personal use only
                    pursuit of excellence. From the
                    secret bottling of Grange in 1951                                                             Penfolds g5
                    through to the unbroken line of                                                               Penfolds new wine,
                    vintages, Grange is arguably                                                                  blended from five vintages
                                                                                                                  of Grange, Penfolds g5,
                    Australia’s most iconic red wine.                                                             entwines Grange DNA from
                                                                                                                  the exceptional 2010, 2012,
                    Penfolds commitment to quality has always been                                                2014, 2016, and 2018 vintages.
                    underpinned by a consistent and recognisable ‘House                                           The final release in the ‘g’
                    Style’; Penfolds time-honoured tradition of sourcing the                                      series trio, it was awarded a
                    best fruit from the best regions. Today, this philosophy                                      perfect 100-point score four
                    extends beyond Australia, as Penfolds explores the                                            times by leading wine critics
                    bountiful soils of the Napa Valley, Bordeaux, Champagne,                                      James Suckling, Matthew
                    and most recently China’s winemaking regions, for its                                         Jukes, Andrew Caillard, and
                    winemaking endeavours.                                                                        Ken Gargett.




                                                                                    Penfolds NFT
                                                                                    Penfolds partnered with BlockBar, a non-fungible token
                                                                                    (NFT) marketplace for luxury wine and spirits products,
                                                                                    to create connections with consumers who buy and
                                                                                    trade luxury wine in a new way. The debut limited edition
                                                                                    NFT, tied to a rare Penfolds Magill Cellar 3 barrel of wine
                                                                                    from the 2021 vintage valued at US$130,000, sold out in
                                                                                    12 seconds. Penfolds second NFT, linked to 300 bottles
                                                                                    of 2018 Magill Cellar 3, launched in January 2022 and
                                                                                    sold out within 12 hours.




                    Penfolds Ventures Beyond
                    Penfolds has ventured into an unexpected, exciting and
                    visually powerful world of space exploration – with the
                    launch of the brand’s first global brand thematic –
                    ‘Venture Beyond’. This new territory unlocks a universe
                    of playful experiences and out-of-this-world activations,
                    designed to capture the imagination of global luxury
                    consumers. The introduction of ’Venture Beyond’ as a
                    global thematic is a strategic first and a shift for Penfolds
                    from fine wine brand to global luxury icon. A logical
                    next step following the introduction of Penfolds Meet
                    Extraordinary communications platform in 2020, ‘Venture
                    Beyond’ personifies Penfolds innovative spirit and desire
                    to push the boundaries through self-belief.




                                                                                                    TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 25
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

                    Business summary



                    DIVISIONAL PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
                    Penfolds16
                                                                     Reported currency                  Constant currency
                                                                                                                                           F22 Luxury and




For personal use only
                    A$m (unless
                    otherwise stated)                     F22               F21               %               F21                %
                                                                                                                                           Premium
                    Volume (m 9Le)                        2.2              2.2          (3.5)%                2.2          (3.5)%          contribution to
                    NSR (A$m)                           717.3           788.9            (9.1)%            790.5           (9.3)%          division NSR
                        ANZ                             199.2            199.2             0.0%             199.2            0.0%
                        Asia                           407.2            498.6           (18.3)%            498.7           (18.4)%


                                                                                                                                              100%
                        Americas                        54.3              48.6             11.7%            50.0             8.6%
                        EMEA                            56.6              42.4           33.3%              42.6            32.9%
                    NSR per case (A$)                  332.2            352.6            (5.8)%            353.2            (6.0)%
                    EBITS (A$m)                         319.3           346.2            (7.8)%            337.5           (5.4)%
                    EBITS margin (%)                   44.5%            43.9%          0.6ppts             42.7%          1.8ppts
                                                                                                                                               Unchanged


                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                          DIVISION INSIGHTS
                    Volume and NSR declined 3.5% and 9.3% respectively,                            • Key F22 execution highlights include:
                    driven by:
                                                                                                     – growth in volume and NSR across a number of
                        – the decline in shipments to Mainland China and                               priority growth markets and channels, reflecting
                          deferral of the Californian Collection release from                          the momentum behind Penfolds global execution
                          2H22 to F23; and                                                             strategy of building distribution and increasing
                                                                                                       brand awareness; and
                        – partly offset by continued positive momentum
                          across the portfolio globally, with NSR outside                            – standout growth delivered in Asia, with NSR in
                          of Mainland China increasing by 45.1% in F22.                                regional markets ex-Mainland China increasing
                                                                                                       106%, and in EMEA, particularly the UK and Germany,
                    NSR per case declined 6.0%, reflecting the impact of
                                                                                                       where NSR grew 32.9%. In Asia, NSR growth was
                    reduced Bin and Icon portfolio shipments to Mainland
                                                                                                       supported by strong depletion trends, and
                    China and growth in the premium tier Max’s range
                                                                                                       inventory days remain in line with the prior year.
                    across all markets.
                                                                                                   • Penfolds will continue to invest in its multi-country
                    COGS per case improved 9.1%, reflecting the change
                                                                                                     of origin portfolio strategy. The acquisition of
                    in portfolio mix and the cycling of one-off impacts
                                                                                                     Chateau Lanessan is expected to be completed
                    related to demurrage and incremental product costs
                                                                                                     in 1H2317, more than doubling the existing vineyard
                    in F21 following the implementation of import duties
                                                                                                     footprint in Bordeaux and providing significant
                    by The Ministry of Commerce of the People’s Republic
                                                                                                     incremental winery production capacity that will
                    of China (MOFCOM).
                                                                                                     support future growth.
                    CODB improved 11.9%, driven by reduced costs in                                • Penfolds has returned to a position of supply
                    Mainland China net of reinvestment to other priority                             constraint across key luxury Cabernet Bins, and
                    global growth markets.                                                           has implemented price increases in F23.
                    EBITS declined 5.4% to $319.3 million, and EBITS margin                        • Trends for distribution and volume growth are
                    increased 1.8 ppts to 44.5%; excluding Mainland China,                           expected to remain strong across Penfolds priority
                    EBITS increased 25.1% in F22.                                                    growth markets. EBITS margin is expected to shift
                                                                                                     towards the mid-point of Penfolds 40-45% target
                                                                                                     range in F23, reflecting higher COGS from the 2020
                                                                                                     Australian vintage and increased investment to
                                                                                                     accelerate the momentum in distribution and
                                                                                                     demand growth achieved in F22.




                    16. Unless otherwise stated, all figures and percentage movements from prior periods are pre-material items on a constant currency basis versus
                        the prior corresponding period and are subject to rounding.
                    17. TWE to acquire 78.6% stake from the Bouteiller Family, who will remain a shareholder. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition is expected
                        to be approximately A$60 million, including a capital injection to fund winery and vineyard development. Completion expected Oct-22, subject to
                        satisfaction of conditions precedent.



                    26 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                            Penfolds is providing
                            consumers and collectors
                            around the world with
                            amazing Penfolds
                            experiences, whether that’s
                            in their local wine store or
                            favourite restaurant.




                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 27
For personal use only
                    Treasury Premium Brands
                        Sold in                 Top market share


                    60+                                                                    9                       7
                                                       positions
                                                       in still wine18

                        countries               #1 Australia #1 Singapore                  focus        brands     wineries
                                                #1 Hong Kong #3 Nordics #3 UK                                      (including shared wineries)


                                                18. IWSR 2022, still wine, value share, Asia imported wine only.




                    28 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    Our vision is to be world’s most
                    inventive branded wine business,
                    bringing the pleasure of premium




For personal use only
                    wine to more people on more
                    occasions.                                                                                 Wolf Blass Zero
                                                                                                               launches
                    Treasury Premium Brands (TPB) is an enviable premium
                    wine business with significant opportunity. Premium-                                       Our long awaited No Alcohol
                    focused portfolio expansion and consumer-led                                               offering launched in October
                    innovation will be the drivers of success. With a portfolio                                2021, expertly crafted by our
                    of outstanding wine brands, prized viticultural assets,                                    winemakers at Wolf Blass.
                    and world-class production facilities, TPB caters to                                       With the conscious
                    a diverse range of consumer needs and occasions,                                           consumption trend on the
                    sourced from the world’s most renowned                                                     rise, Wolf Blass Zero is the
                    wine regions.                                                                              latest deliverable against
                                                                                                               our strategy to innovate to
                                                                                                               address market trends and
                                                                                                               deliver on taste for the 48%
                    Rawson’s Retreat                                                                           of Australian consumers
                                                                                                               now actively moderating
                    expands country                                                                            their alcohol intake.
                    of origin
                    Leveraging the solid brand
                    awareness of Rawson’s
                    Retreat in the China market,
                    South African and Chilean
                    country of origin wine was
                    introduced in record time
                    and is now available for
                    consumers. Positioned to
                    be a foundation and engine
                    of growth for TPB China
                    and the broader TPB
                    business, initial sales are                                   Wynns Reframed
                    strong with plans in place                                    Wynns Coonawarra Estate released a new tier of wines
                    to expand the portfolio                                       that represent a creative renaissance of Wynns’ early
                    and distribution in F23.                                      pioneering years. Named Reframed, the tier comprises
                                                                                  four new wines, which are an artistic, contemporary take
                                                                                  on classic Wynns’ varietals, styles, winemaking, and wine
                                                                                  occasions; crafted by the same trusted Wynns team.

                    Squealing Pig ﬂies with Pride
                    Inclusivity was put centre stage through a proud
                    three-year partnership with the Sydney Gay and Lesbian
                    Mardi Gras, incorporating the global Sydney WorldPride
                    event in 2023. To further support 2022 Mardi Gras
                    celebrations, Squealing Pig ambassadors - including
                    comedian Joel Creasey - sky-dived over Melbourne
                    to spotlight the many diverse communities that
                    LGBTQIA+ represents.




                                                                                                 TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 29
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

                    Business summary



                    DIVISIONAL PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
                    Treasury Premium Brands19
                                                                    Reported currency                Constant currency
                                                                                                                                       F22 Luxury and




For personal use only
                    A$m (unless
                    otherwise stated)                    F22              F21               %              F21               %
                                                                                                                                       Premium
                    Volume (m 9Le)                      15.3             17.2         (11.0)%             17.2         (11.0)%         contribution to
                    NSR                               796.0           840.7           (5.3)%            843.4           (5.6)%         division NSR
                        ANZ                            382.1           402.9           (5.2)%            403.1          (5.2)%
                        Asia                            72.7            66.7             8.9%            66.8             8.8%


                                                                                                                                        59%
                        Americas                          —                —                —               —                —
                        EMEA                           341.2            371.1          (8.0)%           373.5           (8.6)%
                    NSR per case (A$)                   52.0            48.9             6.4%             49.0            6.0%
                    EBITS                              79.6             62.7           27.0%             59.6           33.6%
                    EBITS margin (%)                   10.0%            7.5%         2.5ppts               7.1%        2.9ppts
                                                                                                                                          6ppts vs. pcp


                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                       DIVISION INSIGHTS
                    Volume and NSR declined 11.0% and 5.6% respectively,                        • Key F22 execution highlights include:
                    driven by:
                                                                                                  – progression towards key divisional financial
                        – reduced commercial portfolio volumes in EMEA                              priorities, including portfolio premiumisation,
                          and ANZ, notably through the UK retail channel                            EBITS growth and EBITS margin expansion;
                          following heightened pandemic related demand
                                                                                                  – distribution and NSR growth of priority brands in
                          in F21; and
                                                                                                    key global markets, with the premium portfolio
                        – partly offset by premium and luxury portfolio NSR                         performance in EMEA a highlight led by 19 Crimes
                          growth of 5.5%, led by priority brands including                          and Squealing Pig;
                          19 Crimes, Pepperjack, Squealing Pig, Wynns and
                                                                                                  – strong growth in Asia driven by Chilean sourced
                          Rawson’s Retreat.
                                                                                                    Rawson’s Retreat in China and premium portfolio
                    NSR per case increased 6.0%, reflecting improved                                distribution gains in South East Asia;
                    portfolio mix, with the premium and luxury portfolios                         – price increases across the premium portfolio in
                    contributing 59% of divisional NSR (up from 53% in F21).                        EMEA, partly offsetting impacts from higher global
                    COGS per case increased 2.3%, driven by the improved                            supply chain costs; and
                    portfolio mix and elevated global supply chain costs,                         – strong innovation focus including the launch
                    including packaging and freight.                                                of the Wolf Blass Zero and Squealing Pig Lighter
                                                                                                    ranges, and the Wolf Blass House of the Dragon
                    CODB improved 6.9% reflecting more focused,
                                                                                                    partnership with HBO, an innovative platform to
                    prioritised brand investment and lower commercial
                                                                                                    introduce new consumers to the portfolio.
                    portfolio volumes.
                                                                                                • 19 Crimes continues to grow strongly outside of the
                    EBITS increased 33.6% to $79.6 million, and EBITS
                                                                                                  US with shipments across Treasury Premium Brands
                    margin improved 2.9ppts to 10.0%.
                                                                                                  geographies increasing over 20% in F22 to surpass
                                                                                                  the two million case mark. Continued growth is
                                                                                                  expected in F23, supported by an innovation pipeline
                                                                                                  that includes extension of the 19 Crimes collaboration
                                                                                                  with Snoop Dogg beyond the Americas region.
                                                                                                • Treasury Premium Brands is investing in organisational
                                                                                                  capability in Asia, including Mainland China, to
                                                                                                  support growth plans throughout the region in F23
                                                                                                  and beyond.
                                                                                                • Focused on continued premiumisation and top-line
                                                                                                  margin accretive growth in F23, supported by ongoing
                                                                                                  price realisation and cost mitigation strategies.




                    19. Unless otherwise stated, all figures and percentage movements from prior periods are pre-material items on a constant currency basis versus
                        the prior corresponding period and are subject to rounding.



                    30 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                            19 Crimes enlists the
                            help of renowned tattoo
                            historian Dr Matt Lodder
                            to delve into the history
                            of convict tattoos, creating
                            an 8th century-inspired
                            pop-up tattoo parlour
                            in London.




                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 31
For personal use only
                    Treasury Americas
                    #2                            10                7
                    in the luxury                  focus            wineries
                    wine market                    brands




                    32 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    Treasury Americas boldly leads
                    change in the Americas wine
                    market with luxury, culture-led




For personal use only
                    experiences.
                    Treasury Americas is a consumer-led wine business
                    with disruptive marketing, and strong e-commerce,
                    using innovation and the power of its portfolio to drive
                    growth. Treasury Americas leads with world-class
                    sustainability efforts, supply, and winemaking, and a
                    flexible sourcing model to meet consumer demand.
                    Treasury Americas’ investment in sales and marketing
                    capability drive the division forward.




                    Treasury Americas
                    welcomes Frank
                    Family Vineyards
                    to the portfolio
                    Frank Family Vineyards joined the
                    luxury portfolio in November 2021,
                    filling a key portfolio gap and bringing                       19 Crimes launches
                    Treasury Americas’ position to #2 in
                    the total luxury market. Rich and Leslie
                                                                                   Martha’s Chard
                    Frank have nurtured an industry-                               From an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen
                    leading guest experience at the                                Colbert and Access Hollywood, to features in People
                    winery, cultivating a loyal consumer                           Magazine, 19 Crimes’ Martha’s Chard has dominated
                    following. Todd Graff, General                                 the airwaves since its debut in February. To date,
                    Manager and acclaimed winemaker,                               this buzzworthy wine has accumulated over 1.4 billion
                    along with the entire team, pride                              impressions. Work hard, play hard, drink Martha’s Chard!
                    themselves on producing a portfolio
                    of exceptionally high-quality wines.
                    This year, Frank Family Vineyards
                    was also recognised as ‘Best Winery
                    Tasting Room’ and Todd Graff as
                    ‘Best Local Winemaker’ in Napa Valley
                    Life Magazine’s 2022 Best of Napa
                    Valley Awards.




                                     2019 Beaulieu Vineyard
                                     Georges de Latour
                                     receives 100-point score
                                     The 2019 Beaulieu Vineyard Georges
                                     de Latour Private Reserve Cabernet
                                     Sauvignon has received its first ever         Stags’ Leap reaches new heights
                                     100-point score. Wine critic James Suckling
                                     published the 100-point score and his         with geo-targeted digital ads
                                     thoughts on the wine in an early May          Stags’ Leap Winery continued elevating its brand
                                     tasting report on JamesSuckling.com,          presence among target consumers in F22 with
                                     writing, “Durling said he has been working    strategically placed video billboards and geo-targeted
                                     toward a more ‘refined’ and ‘drinkable’       digital ads in New York City’s Times Square, Miami, and
                                     BV Private Reserve in recent years to honor   Los Angeles. Featuring artwork from our ‘Take the Leap’
                                     the great bottlings of the 1960s and 1970s.   campaign, these striking pieces generated over 14 million
                                     He certainly achieved this with the           impressions over out-of-home digital, YouTube, and
                                     incredible, and perfect, 2019. I’m calling    social channels in March and April 2022.
                                     it ‘the new 1974 Georges de Latour,’ which
                                     was a legend.”



                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 33
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

                    Business summary



                    DIVISIONAL PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
                    Treasury Americas20
                                                              Reported currency                  Constant currency




For personal use only
                    A$m (unless                                                                                             %         F22 Luxury and
                    otherwise stated)                 F22            F21            %            F21            %    Organic21        Premium
                    Volume (m 9Le)                     8.0          11.2     (28.9)%            11.2     (28.9)%        (3.3)%        contribution to
                                                                                                                                      division NSR
                    NSR                             963.4         940.0          2.5%        964.2         (0.1)%         11.6%
                        ANZ                             —             —             —             —             —            —
                        Asia                            —             —             —             —             —            —
                        Americas
                        EMEA
                                                    963.4
                                                        —
                                                                  940.0
                                                                      —
                                                                                 2.5%
                                                                                    —
                                                                                              964.2
                                                                                                  —
                                                                                                            (0.1)%
                                                                                                                —
                                                                                                                           11.6%
                                                                                                                             —
                                                                                                                                        92%
                    NSR per case (A$)                120.9         83.8         44.1%          86.0        40.5%          15.5%
                    EBITS                           185.6         154.0        20.5%          158.8        16.9%         19.0%
                    EBITS margin (%)                 19.3%         16.4%      2.9ppts         16.5%      2.8ppts         1.0ppt          13ppts vs. pcp



                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                      DIVISION INSIGHTS
                    Volume and NSR declined 28.9% and 0.1% respectively,                       • Key F22 execution highlights include:
                    driven by:
                                                                                                  – strong performance across the priority brand
                        – structural changes to the Treasury Americas                               portfolio, where NSR increased 15.2%, led by
                          division, including divestment of the US commercial                       standout growth from Beringer, Stags’ Leap,
                          brand portfolio, Chateau St Jean and Provenance,                          Matua and 19 Crimes;
                          partly offset by the contribution from the
                                                                                                  – luxury portfolio growth across all channels, led by
                          acquired Frank Family Vineyards portfolio in 2H22;
                                                                                                    outstanding execution from Treasury Americas
                        – on an organic basis, NSR grew 11.6% led by                                dedicated luxury sales model which achieved US
                          strong growth across the premium and luxury                               distribution growth of 12%;
                          portfolios, partly offset by declines in US$8-11 price
                                                                                                  – price increases on a number of fast growing and
                          point brands; and
                                                                                                    supply constrained portfolio brands, including
                        – excluding new product development and the                                 Matua and Frank Family Vineyards; and
                          one-off, distributor stocking as part of the 1H22
                                                                                                  – significant changes in the brand portfolio and
                          distributor model change to RNDC in California,
                                                                                                    asset base to reposition Treasury Americas as a
                          shipments were in line with depletions.
                                                                                                    premium wine business with a focused portfolio
                    NSR per case increased 40.5% reflecting a significantly                         of growing brands, including the acquisition of
                    improved portfolio mix, with the premium and luxury                             Frank Family Vineyards.
                    portfolios now contributing 92% of divisional NSR
                                                                                               • Treasury Americas continues to be recognised for
                    (up from 79% in F21).
                                                                                                 its outstanding innovation capability, with 19 Crimes
                    COGS per case increased 35.4%, driven by the                                 Cali Red recognised by IRI as the number one selling
                    improved portfolio mix, higher COGS from recent                              wine in history for first year sales22 . Innovation success
                    vintages and elevated supply chain costs related                             has continued in 2022 with Martha’s Chard, the
                    to freight and logistics.                                                    number one US wine market innovation this calendar
                                                                                                 year 23 . The launch of 19 Crimes Cali Gold sparkling
                    CODB improved 2.0% and includes insurance proceeds                           wine is expected to be a significant innovation
                    relating to lost profits from the ongoing closure of cellar                  highlight in F23.
                    doors following the 2020 Californian wildfires.
                                                                                               • Well positioned to deliver top-line growth and
                    EBITS increased 16.9% to $185.6 million, with EBITS                          margin expansion in F23, led by continued strength
                    margin improving 2.8 ppts to 19.3%; on an organic basis                      in the premium portfolio and supported by
                    EBITS increased 19.0%.                                                       additional price realisation across key brands,
                    The contribution of Frank Family Vineyards was in line                       while luxury portfolio growth will be moderated by
                    with expectations, with 2H22 NSR and EBITS of                                reduced availability of wine from the 2020
                    $40.2 million and $16.2 million respectively, delivering                     Californian vintage.
                    an EBITS margin of 40.2%.




                    20. Unless otherwise stated, all figures and percentage movements from prior periods are pre-material items on a constant currency basis versus
                        the prior corresponding period and are subject to rounding.
                    21. On a constant currency basis, excluding the contribution of divested and acquired portfolio brands in Treasury Americas.
                    22. IRI New Product Pacesetter announcement, 8 June 2022.
                    23. IRI, Total US MULO+Convenience, calendar year to date ending 10 July 2022.


                    34 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                            St Huberts the Stag takes
                            to the slopes for the second
                            year in a row as the official
                            wine of Winter X Games
                            Aspen 2022.




                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 35
                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                    VINTAGE UPDATE
                    Australia                                                     New Zealand
                    Vintage 2022 industry yield was in line with long-term        Vintage 2022 was an excellent vintage in New Zealand,




For personal use only
                    averages, but significantly below last year’s record          with strong yields across all varietals and regions.
                    crush. It has been a high-quality Shiraz and Cabernet         The harvest crush for Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc
                    vintage across all regions. TWE proactively took in a         was 51% higher than 2021. Central Otago Pinot Noir
                    smaller 2022 vintage intake as part of its plans to           had an outstanding vintage with high quality wine
                    manage its inventory position following the reduction         and strong yields.
                    in shipments to Mainland China. Red wine intake was
                                                                                  Grape pricing is likely to remain high in the short term,
                    a highlight, reflecting high-quality fruit and the benefits
                                                                                  with bulk wine prices easing, but remaining high
                    of the $165 million investment in South Australian luxury
                                                                                  compared to long-term average.
                    winemaking infrastructure, completed in time for
                    vintage 2022. Fruit processed through this new facility       France
                    achieving exceptional grade conversion outcomes that          France has experienced a challenging growing
                    will support future luxury portfolio growth.                  season to date with a mild to dry winter, early frost
                    Bulk wine and grape pricing has reduced over the last         in the Bordeaux region and heat waves in all regions.
                    18 months driven by a number of factors, including the        The current heat and sunshine are helping the late
                    large vintage 2021 harvest and the significant reduction      varietals such as Cabernet Sauvignon to fully mature.
                    in demand from Mainland China.                                Expectations are for below average industry intake
                                                                                  in vintage 2022. For TWE, intake will be higher due to
                    California                                                    the acquisition of new vineyards which are providing
                    Early growing conditions for the 2022 California season       access to incremental sourcing of luxury fruit.
                    are positive. Temperatures for the first half of the
                                                                                  Luxury grape and bulk wine pricing is largely stable.
                    season were moderate, ensuring optimal growing
                    conditions in much of California. Above average               Italy
                    temperatures are predicted for the second half of the         Growing conditions in Italy have been challenging due
                    year across most of the state. The expectation across         to hot weather and a lack of rain. This will impact
                    California is that vintage 2022 will be higher yielding       vintage 2022 industry intake, which is expected to be
                    than vintage 2021.                                            below the long-term average. TWE company-owned
                    Following two short vintages, increased demand has            vineyards are performing well, with heat impacting only
                    led to higher prices throughout the grape and bulk            a small percentage of vines on the properties.
                    wine market.                                                  Bulk wine contracts are in place, albeit at slightly higher
                                                                                  prices than vintage 2021, reflecting increased demand
                                                                                  for Italian country of origin wine.




                    36 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    RECONCILIATION OF KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
                    A$m (unless otherwise stated)

                    Metric     Management calculation                                                                             F21                F20




For personal use only
                    EBITS      Statutory net profit                                                                            263.2              250.0
                               Income tax expense                                                                               109.7               107.7
                               Net finance costs                                                                                 71.4               73.5
                               Material items                                                                                   45.5               88.5
                               SGARA (gain)/loss                                                                                33.9                (9.4)
                               EBITS                                                                                           523.7               510.3

                    EBITDAS EBITS                                                                                              523.7               510.3
                               Depreciation & Amortisation                                                                      148.6              150.7
                               EBITDAS                                                                                         672.3               661.0

                    EPS        Statutory net profit                                                                            263.2              250.0
                               Material items                                                                                   45.5               88.5
                               Tax on material items                                                                            (10.5)             (22.4)
                               SGARA                                                                                            33.9                (9.4)
                               Tax on SGARA                                                                                     (9.5)                3.0
                               NPAT (before material items & SGARA)                                                            322.6              309.7
                               Weighted average number of shares (millions)                                                     721.8              721.4
                               EPS (cents)                                                                                      44.7               42.9

                    ROCE       EBITS (LTM)                                                                                     523.7               510.3
                               Net assets                                                                                    3,789.0             3,591.2
                               SGARA in inventory                                                                              (45.0)              (32.2)
                               Net debt                                                                                       1,254.3             1,057.7
                               Capital employed – Current year                                                               4,998.3             4,616.7
                               Net assets (CFX)                                                                              3,690.0             3,477.7
                               SGARA in inventory (CFX)                                                                         (30.3)             (22.9)
                               Net debt (CFX)                                                                                  1,130.0           1,343.0
                               Capital employed – Prior year (CFX)                                                           4,789.7             4,797.8
                               Average capital employed                                                                      4,894.0             4,707.3
                               ROCE    24
                                                                                                                               10.7%              10.8%




                    24. Includes impacts from divested and acquired portfolio brands in Treasury Americas.



                                                                                                             TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 37
                    Sustainability
                    One year into our evolved sustainability strategy, we’ve made good progress
                    against our plans to cultivate a brighter future, building momentum across all




For personal use only
                    aspects of our agenda.
                    The progress made throughout the year reflects the collective effort of our
                    team and partners who recognise that sustainability is integral to building
                    a more resilient business, producing sustainable wine, and prioritising the
                    wellbeing of our people, communities, and consumers.
                    Whilst we have more work to do, we recognise the leadership role we must
                    play in shaping a positive future for everyone who touches our business,
                    from grape to glass.

                    OUR APPROACH                                              PROGRESS AGAINST OUR AGENDA
                    Our approach to sustainability is embedded in our         Since launching our sustainability strategy in
                    Ambition and Game Plan and driven by our TWE DNA.         September 2021, we have made significant progress
                    It reflects a clear commitment to innovation,             against our agenda, including against our targets
                    partnership, and taking a sustainability leadership       and commitments across our material focus areas.
                    role not just across the global wine sector but in the
                                                                              Throughout the year, we saw increased interest in
                    beverages sector more broadly.
                                                                              our roadmap, accelerated by a range of social and
                    This bold ambition requires an integrated approach to     environmental events, such as floods in Australia
                    sustainability with a focus on long-term value creation   and the ongoing drought in California, that has
                    and leading collective action to effectively manage       ensured sustainability remains on the agenda across
                    risks and make the most of new and emerging               stakeholder groups including consumers.
                    opportunities.
                                                                              Some of the key performance highlights include:
                    This is coupled with investments in our data, processes
                                                                              • refinancing of $1.4 billion of existing debt into a
                    and systems to support this transition, ensuring that
                                                                                Sustainability Linked Loan that rewards performance
                    sustainability is embedded into our business.
                                                                                against agreed milestones with discounts on the
                    Our sustainability strategy and programs are informed       loan rate;
                    by best practice initiatives and guidance including the
                                                                              • a comprehensive review of water management
                    Global Reporting Initiative, the United Nations Global
                                                                                across the global viticulture and winery operations,
                    Compact and the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
                                                                                with clear recommendations to drive our water
                    We continue to monitor the Environmental, Social,
                                                                                security and efficient usage strategies;
                    and Governance (ESG) reporting landscape and will
                    respond to significant changes (currently under           • commitment to invest $20 million on solar panel
                    consultation) in future reporting.                          and meter technology across our global production
                                                                                network in support of our ambition to achieve
                                                                                100% renewable electricity by 2024;
                                                                              • improving levels of gender representation
                                                                                across the global business, with overall female
                                                                                representation up 1.3 ppts to 41.5% while females
                                                                                in leadership roles were down 0.2 ppts to 44.9%.
                                                                              Whilst we are pleased with our performance in F22 we
                                                                              acknowledge that we have more work to do. We remain
                                                                              focused on improving the quality of our data and
                                                                              supporting systems and increasing the integration
                                                                              of sustainability considerations across our business.
                                                                              A fulsome overview of progress against our strategy,
                                                                              including the targets and commitments, will be
                                                                              available in our 2022 Sustainability Report, released
                                                                              later this year.




                    38 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              Cultivating a brighter future
                                                                                                  Y AND
                                                                                           HEALTH
                                                                                    TERING COMMUNITIES
                                                                                   S     E
                                                                                FO LUSIV
                                                                                 INC         UMER
                                                                                          CONSH AND       INCLU
                                                                                          HEALT NSIBLE   EQUIT SION,




For personal use only
                                                                                                              Y
                                                                                          RESPO KING      DIVER AND        SU
                                                                                  ,         DRIN               SITY          S
                                                                                TH D                                   ANPAC TAIN
                                                                             AL AN                                        D KA AB             S
                                                                           HE ETY EING                                      C
                                                                                                                        EC IR GIN LE
                                                                             F B                                          ON CU G
                                                                                                                                       PR AIN
                                                                          SA ELL                                              OM LA
                                                                            W                                                   Y R                    LE

                                                                                                                                                           ING INE
                                                                                                                                         T           AB ND
                                                                                                                                                  AIN A N
                                                                                                                                       US
                                                            CL
                                                                                                                                               ST ING TIO
                                                                                                                                                         UC LE W
                                            RESIL BUILDI
                                                               IM
                                                            A A
                                                           EM ND TE R                                                                        SU OW UC
                                                                                                                                                       OD AB
                                                             ISS GH ISK
                                                                 IO G                                                                         GR ROD
                                                 IENT NG           NS
                                                                                                                                                P

                                                      BU A
                                                         SIN
                                                                                                                                                           NSIBLE
                                                          HIP
                                          WA                ES
                                       STEWA TER              S                                                                                      RESPO CHAIN
                                            RDS
                                                                                                                                                     SUPPLY




                    Our sustainability agenda has three focus areas:

                        BUILDING A RESILIENT BUSINESS                               FOSTERING HEALTHY                              PRODUCING SUSTAINABLE WINE
                        We want to ensure our business                              AND INCLUSIVE COMMUNITIES                      We want every consumer to
                        is resilient in the face of increasing                      We want to foster safe, sociable, and          experience wine that is sustainably
                        uncertainty, complexity, and change.                        connected communities where our                grown, made, and packaged.
                                                                                    brands are promoted, and our wine
                                                                                    is consumed, safely and responsibly.



                    GOVERNANCE AND REPORTING                                                             TASKFORCE ON CLIMATE RELATED FINANCIAL
                    In F22 we refreshed our management oversight                                         DISCLOSURES (TCFD)
                    of sustainability to respond more effectively to                                     As a global viticultural business, TWE is exposed to both
                    our ambition and the increasing pace of change.                                      physical and transitional climate risks. The physical
                    Progress against strategic roadmaps for each of                                      impacts of climate change include more frequent
                    our material topics, together with enabling areas                                    extreme weather events, but importantly for our
                    such as communications and data, is reported                                         business, the long-term risks arising from changes
                    monthly to executive sponsors, with quarterly                                        in climate patterns such as increased temperature
                    reporting to the Executive Leadership Team (ELT).                                    and water security.
                    The Board oversees TWE’s approach to, and                                            Transitional risks and opportunities arise from political,
                    management of ESG matters and receives updates                                       legal, technological, and market responses to the
                    on sustainability and the status of key priorities and                               challenges posed by climate change and the
                    initiatives. TWE established a Board Wine Operations                                 transition to a lower carbon economy. We continue
                    and Sustainability Committee in F22 for greater focus                                to monitor these emerging trends, together with
                    on strategic, long-term planning and operational                                     changing consumer preferences and expectations.
                    issues in winemaking, sustainability, and supply chain
                                                                                                         We are seeking to increasingly align our climate
                    in its own operations and relationships with the sector
                                                                                                         disclosures with the recommendations of the TCFD.
                    in different winemaking regions.
                                                                                                         Following the conclusion of our global Climate
                    TWE’s reporting on ESG topics is captured in the                                     Scenario Analysis in F21, we sharpened our focus
                    Company’s annual Sustainability Report, which                                        this year with a global climate risk model (for our
                    provides updates on progress and performance.                                        viticultural sites) that uses localised data to enable
                    The Board has oversight of our key ESG disclosures,                                  more specific projections. The model will inform the
                    including the Sustainability Report.                                                 range of risk mitigation and adaptation responses
                                                                                                         that we might consider at our viticultural sites.
                                                                                                         We are also investing in a range of research and
                                                                                                         development initiatives including trials in dam
                                                                                                         coverings and vineyard shading, as well as refreshing
                                                                                                         portions of our prestige growing locations in the
                                                                                                         Barossa and Coonawarra to help them prepare for
                                                                                                         future climate change.



                                                                                                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 39
For personal use only
                    World-class talent
                    AT A GLANCE
                    A diverse
                    global team                         56%                    28%          8%            8%
                    % global workforce
                                              Australia &           Americas         Asia        Europe
                    by geography
                                              New Zealand




                    40 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Inclusion, equity and diversity
                    TWE’s inclusion, equity and diversity (IE&D) strategy is underpinned by a
                    commitment to upholding the International Bill of Human Rights, as well as the




For personal use only
                    United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and Modern
                    Slavery Acts. TWE benefits from the diversity of our people, with their variety
                    of backgrounds, ideas, cultures, ethnicities, talents, genders, and voices.

                    Our inclusive, supportive and collaborative culture
                    attracts and retains the best talent, with an            F22 PROGRESS ON DIVERSITY TARGETS
                    environment where people from diverse backgrounds
                    can bring their unique perspectives and contribute
                    to the organisation’s success.                                   44.9%
                                                                                     females in leadership roles      (0.2%)
                    The Board has committed to reviewing and assessing

                                                                                     41.5%
                    progress against TWE’s IE&D objectives annually.
                    The Company is pleased to report progress in F22,
                    together with the F23 measurable objectives.                     females in all roles +1.3%

                    The Company’s IE&D policy can be found at:
                    tweglobal.com.

                    F22 DIVERSITY TARGET AND OBJECTIVES                      F22 PROGRESS AGAINST THE IE&D STRATEGY
                    Recommendation 1.5 of the ASX Corporate Governance       Highlights of progress against the F22 plan supporting
                    Principles and Recommendations states that a             the IE&D strategy include:
                    company’s Board or Board committee is to set
                                                                             1. Leaders who model our DNA
                    measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity.
                    The F22 diversity targets set by the Board are:            • Inclusion was hardwired into TWE’s leadership
                                                                                 competency model, defining what ‘good
                    • to increase female representation in leadership
                                                                                 leadership’ looks like at TWE and setting
                      roles to 50% by 2025, while continuing to foster an
                                                                                 behavioural expectations (what it is and what
                      inclusive culture;
                                                                                 it isn’t) through the attribute of ‘helping
                    • to increase female representation across the total         people belong’.
                      TWE workforce to 42% by 2025.
                                                                               • To build leadership capability and awareness,
                    Our refreshed IE&D strategy has three pillars.               more than 190 leaders undertook inclusive
                                                                                 leadership training which included managing
                    1. Leaders who model our DNA: developing leaders             biases, working inclusively, maximising collective
                       who steadfastly role model and lead inclusion, and        intelligence, better understanding thinking styles,
                       have a true understanding of employee experience          and using diversity of thinking to solve challenges.
                       and culture, enabled by world-class leadership and
                       development programs.                                   • To show how our IE&D strategy is underpinned
                                                                                 by beliefs which inform and underpin actions,
                    2. Engaged team members, consumers and                       and to define a standard to which we can be
                       communities: achieving meaningful outcomes                held accountable, an IE&D manifesto was
                       from our people, who bring their whole selves             co-created through an inclusive and consultative
                       to work, and consumers who recognise our                  process and introduced to the organisation
                       commitment to inclusion and diversity through             through inclusive and courageous conversations.
                       our brands and partnerships, with purpose-aligned         We will build on this foundation in F23.
                       communities, suppliers, and initiatives.
                                                                               • To lift leadership capability and build awareness
                    3. Employer of choice: creating industry-leading             of inclusion through the eyes of another, the ELT
                       policies and work processes that maximise inclusion       participated in an inclusive (reverse) mentoring
                       and minimise bias, with innovation through team           program. Each member of the ELT was mentored
                       contribution and data-informed plans and                  by an employee from a different background
                       allocation of resources.                                  and through courageous conversations,
                    The CEO and all Executive Leadership team (ELT)              developed a stronger and personalised
                    members had a diversity and inclusion key                    understanding of the importance of inclusion,
                    performance objective (KPO) to deliver the                   our IE&D strategy, and plans.
                    objectives in F22.




                                                                                             TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 41
                    INCLUSION, EQUITY AND DIVERSITY (CONTINUED)




                        • To increase the number of females in senior             • To raise awareness, we held or participated in
                          leadership, we evolved the design of ‘Empower             local and global events including 16 days of
                          Me’, our female and non-binary top talent                 Activism against Gender Based Violence;
                          leadership development program. More than                 International Women’s Day; Taste of Harmony




For personal use only
                          25 females participated in the program this year,         and Pride Month; an Aboriginal walk of Melbourne;
                          during which two were promoted.                           Culture Day in Asia; and International Day of
                                                                                    People with Disabilities. We were also invited
                    2. Engaged employees, consumers and communities
                                                                                    to speak at, host and participate in numerous
                        • To better understand the employee experience              industry events, including Black Food and Wine
                          at TWE, we incorporated inclusion feedback                Event (US), Black Business Week, and Diversity
                          and measurement in our annual all employee                in Grocery LIVE! (EMEA).
                          engagement survey. Our people told us:
                                                                                3. Employer of choice
                          they feel a strong sense of inclusion, their unique
                          difference is valued, they feel safe to be their        • To better support people impacted by domestic
                          authentic selves, and they value our focus on             and family violence, we upgraded and extended
                          mental health and wellbeing. We also heard                benefits available through a global policy
                          there is an opportunity for us to help people             including up to 10 days of paid leave for both the
                          feel comfortable being innovative and taking              impacted employee and anyone supporting
                          calculated risks, as well as making sure internal         someone impacted by domestic and family
                          career opportunities are visible and we support           violence, and emergency financial support of
                          them by investing time in their learning                  up to $5,000.
                          and development.                                        • To sustain our culture, balance individual
                        • To ensure greater diversity of voices in the              autonomy and flexibility with connection and
                          governance of our IE&D strategy and plans,                belonging, and the needs of individuals with
                          we extended the membership of the global IE&D             those of teams and the business, we established
                          council beyond the ELT to include representatives         the TWE approach to blended work. This is based
                          from each global Employee Resource Group (ERG)            on coming together and connecting in person
                          and all Regional IE&D Councils. This has helped           more often than not, prioritising TWE common
                          build connection and relationships between ERGs           days onsite and leveraging our ‘Find Your Flex’
                          and regions and promote greater collaboration             policy. This approach was developed after
                          and innovation, which has been evident through            extensive employee consultation and is based
                          many of the ERG initiatives in F22.                       on a test-and-learn methodology that means
                                                                                    specific details will vary by country and over time
                        • To drive more meaningful connection between
                                                                                    as we continue to learn and adapt.
                          our consumers and brands, we have integrated
                          purpose into our marketing strategies. For              • To ensure remuneration equity globally, we
                          example, Squealing Pig launched a new long-               reviewed our gender pay gap to determine the
                          term partnership with Sydney Gay and Lesbian              difference between male and female earnings,
                          Mardi Gras and Sydney WorldPride 2023,                    irrespective of role or seniority. Five adjustments
                          significantly improving brand affinity and                to remuneration were made as a result of
                          conversion. Wolf Blass introduced a                       this analysis.
                          comprehensive inclusivity, equality and diversity       • To understand the impact of hiring, promotion,
                          pillar into its new global platform ‘Why Settle           and termination decisions on female
                          When You Can Soar’, with partnerships in the              representation, we developed an Internal Labour
                          LGBTQIA+, disability, and female empowerment              Map. The map shows we have strong female
                          spaces established.                                       representation in all divisions other than
                        • To leverage external expertise and escalate               throughout our Supply and IT functions and, even
                          progress, TWE Enable established a partnership            within these areas of low female representation,
                          with the Australian Network on Disability and TWE         there are functions and locations with strong
                          Pride with Pride in Diversity. Through the efforts        levels of female representation. This information
                          of TWE Pride, in its first submission, TWE has been       will help direct our focus during F23 in seeking
                          acknowledged with the 2021 Bronze Award for               to increase overall female representation.
                          inclusivity of LGBTQIA+ employees by the                • We were recognised externally by: the Australian
                          Australian Workplace Equality Index.                      Financial Review as one of the Best Places to Work;
                        • To make TWE more accessible, we have installed            the Drinks Association as the Most Inclusive and
                          mobile wayfinding technology (BindiMaps)                  Diverse Workplace; and certified as a Great Place
                          at 161 Collins Street Melbourne and Magill Estate         to Work in the UK. TWE Americas was recognised
                          Adelaide, with further sites to follow.                   as one of the Healthiest Employers of the Bay Area
                                                                                    (fourth in the mid-sized firm category).




                    42 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    F23 OBJECTIVES AND INITIATIVES                                                  BOARD DIVERSITY OBJECTIVE
                    TWE reaffirms its commitment to and will continue                               The Board is committed to ensuring it is comprised
                    to strive towards the following targets.                                        of individuals with appropriate skills, experience,
                                                                                                    and diversity to develop and support the Company’s




For personal use only
                    • Increase female representation in leadership roles
                                                                                                    strategic imperatives. The importance of cultural,
                      to 50% by 2025.
                                                                                                    geographic, and gender diversity is reflected in the
                    • Increase female representation across the total                               Board’s membership, with three non-executive
                      TWE workforce to 42% by 2025.                                                 directors based offshore in regions in which the
                    • Continue to foster an inclusive and equitable culture.                        Company operates. Females represent 37.5% of the
                                                                                                    Board and two of our committees are currently
                    The following high priority initiatives are planned                             chaired by females.
                    to build on the Company’s achievements in F22.
                                                                                                    ORGANISATIONAL GENDER PROFILE
                    • Leader-led, layered engagement so that all
                                                                                                    The Company makes the following diversity disclosures
                      employees feel they belong, irrespective of location,
                                                                                                    in relation to Recommendation 1.5 of the ASX Corporate
                      language, or level. The IE&D Manifesto will be one
                                                                                                    Governance Principles and Recommendations.
                      tool used to engage employees and encourage
                      powerful and inclusive conversations.
                    • Evolve data collection and analysis to measure
                      diversity of factors other than gender.
                    • Invest in and support our Employee Resource
                      Groups to enable their ongoing contribution to
                      progressing our IE&D agenda.
                    The CEO and all ELT members have a leadership,
                    inclusion, equity and diversity KPO to deliver the
                    above objectives in F23.


                    Recommendation 1.5 requirement

                    Proportion of females in the                  As at 30 June 2022, 41.5% of the Company’s employees were female.
                    whole organisation
                    Proportion of females in senior               As at 30 June 2022, 30.0% of the senior executive positions within the Company
                    executive1 positions within                   were held by females.
                    the Company
                    Proportion of females on                      As at 30 June 2022, 37.5% of the Company’s Board of Directors (including executive
                    the Board of the Company                      directors) were female.
                                                                  The Board is committed to ensuring that it is comprised of individuals with appropriate
                                                                  skills, experience, and diversity to develop and support the Company’s strategic aims.
                                                                  The Board’s objective is that at least 30% of its directors will be of either gender,
                                                                  to maintain gender diversity in its composition.
                                                                  Further details are set out in the ‘Corporate governance’ section of this Annual Report.

                    As an Australian-based business, the Company complies with the Workplace Gender Equality Act which requires
                    annual filings to the Australian Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) disclosing ‘Gender Equality Indicators’.
                    This report, covering the 12-month period ending 31 March, was published on the WGEA and TWE websites in
                    August 2022: tweglobal.com/careers/inclusion-equity-diversity




                    1.   For the purposes of this disclosure, the Company has defined ‘senior executive’ as the Chief Executive Officer and his/her direct reports.
                         To note, using the TWE definition of leader, 44.9% of roles were held by females as at 30 June 2022.



                                                                                                                         TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 43
                    Board of Directors
                                                  Member of the Board since May 2011 and                     was as Finance Director of British American Tobacco
                                                  Chairman of the Board and the Nominations                  plc, based in London, from January 2002 to 2008.
                                                  Committee since September 2012.                            Mr Rayner is also a Director of Boral Limited
                                                  Mr Rayner is an independent Director and is an             (since September 2008, where he also serves as




For personal use only
                                                  Australian resident.                                       Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee) and
                                                                                                             Murdoch Children’s Research Institute (since
                                                  He brings to the Board extensive international
                                                                                                             December 2014, where he also serves as Chairman
                                                  experience in markets relevant to Treasury Wine
                                                                                                             of the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee). Mr Rayner
                                                  Estates including Europe, North America, Asia, as well
                                                                                                             is a former Director of Qantas Airways Limited (July
                                                  as Australia. He has worked in the fields of finance,
                                                                                                             2008 to November 2021).
                                                  corporate transactions and general management
                    Paul Rayner
                                                  in the consumer goods, manufacturing, and
                    B.Ec, MAdmin, FAICD
                                                  resource industries. His last role as an executive
                    Chairman


                                                  Member of the Board since July 2020.                       Tim has more than 20 years’ experience in the wine,
                                                  Mr Ford is an Australian resident and TWE’s Chief          food, and beverages sectors, with a strong track
                                                  Executive Officer.                                         record for disciplined execution of strategy,
                                                                                                             driving growth, and building high-performing and
                                                  Since joining TWE in February 2011, Tim has held           connected teams. Prior to joining TWE, he held senior
                                                  key roles across the business’s global operations,         management roles with National Foods and CUB.
                                                  including: Director, Global Supply and Managing
                                                  Director Europe, South East Asia, Middle East and
                                                  Africa; and Deputy Chief Operating Officer with
                                                  responsibilities for Asia, Europe and the ANZ regions.
                    Tim Ford                      In January 2019, Tim was appointed Chief Operating
                    BBus, MBA                     Officer with responsibility for TWE’s global operations,
                                                  and took the helm as Chief Executive Officer on
                    Managing Director and         1 July 2020.
                    Chief Executive Officer


                                                  Member of the Board since September 2012                   Group (from January 2012 to February 2018) and a
                                                  and member of the Audit and Risk Committee.                former Director of Hong Kong-listed CP Lotus (from
                                                                                                             April 2012 to February 2018). From 2006 to 2011, Mr
                                                  Mr Chan is an independent Director and a Hong
                                                                                                             Chan was the President and CEO of Wal-Mart China.
                                                  Kong resident.
                                                                                                             He has also held senior positions with Dairy Farm,
                                                  He is currently a Director of Hong Kong-listed LINK REIT   including his last position as North Asia Regional
                                                  (since February 2016).                                     Director, as well as leading the Bertelsmann Music
                                                  Mr Chan is a former Partner at Gaorong Capital             Group business in Greater China. Mr Chan began his
                                                  (from July 2020 to June 2022), a former Director of        career as a consultant with McKinsey & Co working
                                                  Yum China Holdings, Inc (from October 2016 to May          in both Hong Kong and the United States.
                    Ed Chan                       2021), a former Operating Partner of SoftBank
                    B.A/Ec, MS                    Investment Advisers (from June 2019 to June 2020),
                                                  the former Vice Chairman of Charoen Pokphand
                    Non-executive Director


                                                  Member of the Board since May 2011, member                 Company’s headquarters in the United States for
                                                  of the Human Resources Committee and                       more than five years. Mr Every-Burns began his
                                                  member of the Nominations Committee.                       career at Unilever, is a former Managing Director
                                                                                                             of Glad Products of Australia and New Zealand,
                                                  Mr Every-Burns is an independent Director and
                                                                                                             and was formerly on the Advisory Council of the
                                                  is an Australian resident.
                                                                                                             Frontier Strategy Group.
                                                  He was Chief Executive Officer of Treasury Wine
                                                                                                             Mr Every-Burns is a Director of The a2 Milk Company
                                                  Estates on an interim basis from 23 September 2013
                                                                                                             Limited (since August 2016).
                                                  until 30 March 2014.
                                                  Mr Every-Burns previously worked for more than
                    Warwick Every-Burns           30 years in the consumer packaged goods sector.
                    AMP, Harvard University       Most recently, he was President of International
                    (Advanced Management          Business and a member of the Worldwide Executive
                    Program)                      Committee of The Clorox Company, a NYSE-listed,
                    Non-executive Director        S&P 500 business. He was based at The Clorox




                    44 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  Member of the Board since September                      Mr Hounsell is a former Chairman of PanAust Limited
                                                  2012, Chairman of the Wine Operations and                (from July 2008 to August 2015), Myer Holdings
                                                  Sustainability Committee and a member                    Limited (from November 2017 to October 2020, and
                                                  of the Audit and Risk Committee and the                  a Director from September 2017 to October 2020),
                                                  Nominations Committee.                                   and Spotless Group Holdings Limited (from February




For personal use only
                                                                                                           2017 to August 2017, and a Director from March 2014
                                                  Mr Hounsell is an independent Director and is an
                                                                                                           to August 2017). He is a former Director of Qantas
                                                  Australian resident.
                                                                                                           Airways Limited (from January 2005 to February 2015),
                                                  He is currently Chairman of Helloworld Travel Limited    Integral Diagnostics Limited (from October 2015 to
                                                  (since October 2016), Wellness and Beauty Solutions      March 2017) and Dulux Group Limited (from July 2010
                    Garry Hounsell                Limited (since December 2021) and the                    to December 2017), and has held senior positions at
                                                  Commonwealth Superannuation Corporation Limited          both Ernst & Young and Arthur Andersen.
                    B.Bus (Acc), FCA, FAICD
                                                  (since July 2021, and a Director since July 2016).
                    Non-executive Director        Mr Hounsell is also a Director of Findex Group Limited
                                                  (since January 2020).



                                                  Member of the Board since April 2018,                    Ms Jay has significant global experience having lived
                                                  member of the Human Resources Committee                  and worked in the United States, Europe, China, and
                                                  and member of the Wine Operations and                    Canada. Her leadership experience includes
                                                  Sustainability Committee.                                significant global line operational leadership, strategy
                                                                                                           creation and execution, global brand building, new
                                                  Ms Jay is an independent Director and an
                                                                                                           business development, transformational innovation,
                                                  American resident.
                                                                                                           and M&A.
                                                  Ms Jay has extensive experience in the fast-moving
                                                                                                           Ms Jay is currently an independent non-executive
                                                  consumer goods industry, acquired over a long and
                                                                                                           Director of The Cooper Companies (NYSE: COO)
                                                  successful career at Procter & Gamble (P&G, NYSE:
                                                                                                           and Beyond Meat (NASDAQ: BYND).
                                                  PG), an American multinational consumer goods
                    Colleen Jay
                                                  company, between 1985 and 2017. She has held a
                    B.BA (Hons)
                                                  number of senior leadership roles at P&G, including
                    Non-executive Director        President of Global Retail Hair Care & Colour and
                                                  her most recent position as President of the
                                                  US$5 billion Global Beauty Specialty business,
                                                  where she also led a complex transition and
                                                  divestiture of several businesses.



                                                  Member of the Board since April 2020,                    Prior to joining Aristocrat, Ms Korsanos held senior
                                                  Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and                leadership roles in the fast-moving consumer
                                                  member of the Nominations Committee.                     goods industry for a period of 10 years, including
                                                                                                           at Goodman Fielder and Kelloggs. Ms Korsanos
                                                  Ms Korsanos is an independent Director and an
                                                                                                           commenced her career with accounting firm
                                                  Australian resident.
                                                                                                           Coopers & Lybrand (now PwC) and has been
                                                  Ms Korsanos has extensive senior executive,              a Chartered Accountant since 1994.
                                                  strategy, M&A, financial, global supply chain, and
                                                                                                           Ms Korsanos was appointed to the Board of Light
                                                  governance experience, acquired over a successful
                                                                                                           & Wonder, Inc. (formerly known as Scientific Games
                                                  career as Chief Financial Officer of ASX-listed
                                                                                                           Corporation) (NASDAQ: LNW) in September 2020.
                                                  Aristocrat Leisure Limited between 2009 and 2018
                    Antonia Korsanos                                                                       Ms Korsanos is a former Director of Crown Resorts
                                                  (where she also served as Company Secretary
                    BEC, CA, GAICD                                                                         Limited (from May 2018 to October 2021), Ardent
                                                  from 2011). During her career with Aristocrat,
                    Non-executive Director                                                                 Leisure Group Limited (from July 2018 to June 2020)
                                                  Ms Korsanos gained a significant understanding
                                                                                                           and Webjet Limited (from June 2018 to March 2021).
                                                  of the US market and regulatory environment and
                                                                                                           In the private sector, in 2019 she co-founded a
                                                  led a number of transformational cross-border
                                                                                                           Growth Equity Fund (Ellerston JAADE Fund) which
                                                  technology acquisitions.
                                                                                                           invests in growing private Australian technology
                                                                                                           companies.



                                                  Member of the Board since November 2016,                 oversight responsibility for key strategic initiatives
                                                  Chair of the Human Resources Committee                   as well as for operating, administrative, and
                                                  and member of the Nominations Committee.                 sustainability functions worldwide. Ms Shanahan
                                                                                                           also founded the consulting practice Maroon Peak
                                                  Ms Shanahan is an independent Director and an
                                                                                                           Advisors of which she is a Principal.
                                                  American resident.
                                                                                                           Ms Shanahan is currently a Director of Cedar Fair
                                                  Ms Shanahan has extensive retail, consumer brand,
                                                                                                           Entertainment Company (NYSE: FUN), Deckers
                                                  e-commerce, sustainability, and governance
                                                                                                           Outdoor Corporation (NYSE: DECK) and G Squared
                                                  experience. She has held senior executive positions,
                                                                                                           Ascend (NYSE: GSQD.U). Ms Shanahan is a former
                                                  including as Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Legal
                                                                                                           member of the California State Personnel Board
                                                  Officer and Corporate Secretary with The Gap Inc,
                    Lauri Shanahan                                                                         (December 2012 to March 2022).
                                                  where she was involved in leading the company’s
                    JD Business Law, BS Finance
                                                  domestic and global expansion and had direct
                    Non-executive Director




                                                                                                              TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 45
                    Corporate governance
                    The Board believes good corporate governance and           INTRODUCTION
                    transparency in corporate reporting is a fundamental       The Board is committed to conducting the Company’s
                    part of the Company’s culture and business practices.      business ethically and responsibly and in accordance
                                                                               with high standards of corporate governance.




For personal use only
                                                                               This is essential for the long-term performance and
                        During the year, the Board continued to govern         sustainability of the Company and to protect the
                        the Company through the execution of its strategy.     interests of its stakeholders.
                        Key governance issues for the Board during the
                        year included the following.                           To this end, the Board regularly reviews the charters
                                                                               and key policies that underpin the Company’s
                        • Overseeing the Company’s sustainability              corporate governance practices to ensure they remain
                          agenda and progress, including approval of           appropriate, reflect high standards of governance and
                          TWE’s full suite of sustainability targets and the   meet regulatory requirements. During the financial
                          establishment of Sustainability Linked Loans.        year, the Company’s governance practices complied
                        • Providing input into, and approval of, the           with the fourth edition of the ASX Corporate
                          acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards in             Governance Principles and Recommendations
                          the US and the purchase of supply assets             (ASX Principles and Recommendations).
                          in the Bordeaux region of France.                    This ‘Corporate governance’ section provides an
                        • Continued development of Board composition           overview of the Board’s operations, details on the
                          and succession plans including the                   governance framework, and the key governance
                          establishment of a new Board committee (the          focuses of the Board for the financial year.
                          Wine Operations and Sustainability Committee),
                                                                               The full Corporate Governance Statement, which
                          approving changes to committee composition,
                                                                               outlines the key aspects of the Company’s corporate
                          overseeing the retirement of Ms Louisa Cheang,
                                                                               governance framework and practices for the year
                          and announcing Mr Every-Burns’s intention to
                                                                               ended 30 June 2022, together with the Appendix 4G
                          retire from the Board at the Company’s
                                                                               Key to Disclosures – Corporate Governance Council
                          upcoming Annual General Meeting.
                                                                               Principles and Recommendations and key governance
                        • Overseeing Company culture including the             documents, including the constitution, charters and
                          establishment of Company-wide initiatives to         policies, are available on our website at
                          perpetuate the TWE DNA, being the Company’s          tweglobal.com/investors/corporate-governance
                          core values.
                                                                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                        • Overseeing the implementation of the
                          Company’s new divisional operating model             Members of the Board
                          under which Penfolds, Treasury Americas and          The Board continues to comprise a majority of
                          Treasury Premium Brands operate as three             independent directors with all directors, other than
                          separate business units.                             the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), being independent
                                                                               non-executive directors.
                        • Guiding the Company through the continued
                          uncertainty created by COVID-19.                     The Board is committed to ensuring it is comprised
                        • Continued commitment to the governance               of individuals with appropriate skills, experience and
                          of workplace health, safety and wellbeing            diversity to develop and support the Company’s
                          performance, and developing a culture of             ambition to be the world’s most admired premium
                          leadership on safety across the business.            wine company, having regard to the five pillars of its
                                                                               Game Plan. The Board utilises a skills matrix to assist
                        • Providing input into, and approval of, the TWE       in assessing the mix of skills, experience, and diversity
                          five-year strategic plan, approving the annual       on the Board, and to identify areas of focus to
                          financial budget, and monitoring corporate           supplement the mix of skills and experience as part
                          performance and the implementation of                of Board succession planning. Each director annually
                          strategy and policy.                                 rates their skills, expertise and experience from 1 to 3 for
                        • Oversight of management’s continued                  each competency identified in the Board skills matrix
                          commitment to a culture of high performance          (1 = working knowledge, 2 = good understanding,
                          and ethical and responsible conduct and              and 3 = expert). The self-assessment ratings are
                          setting remuneration policy to attract and retain    subsequently calibrated and included in the Board
                          talent and reward high performance and               skills matrix.
                          conduct that exemplifies the Company’s DNA.          The Board considers that its members collectively
                        • Maintaining effective governance to facilitate       possess the appropriate competencies and
                          high-quality processes and internal controls.        attributes that enable the Board to discharge
                                                                               its responsibilities effectively, contribute to the
                                                                               Company’s strategic direction and oversee
                                                                               the delivery of its corporate objectives.




                    46 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                              TWE Ambition             To be the world’s most admired premium wine company

                     The Company’s Game Plan is set out in Table 1. A summary of the Company’s Board skills matrix is included in Table 2.
                                                         TWE Way We boldly lead change in the world of wine
                     Table 1: TWE Game Plan




 For personal use only
                                                                            TWE Game PLAN


                                                                                                         Sustainable &
                           Consumer focused           Multi-regional                                                               Deep, long-term
                                                                                                         multi-regional
                           premium brand              & multi-channel          World-class talent                                  partnerships
                                                                                                         sourcing &
                           portfolio                  sales models                                                                 & networks
                                                                                                         winemaking
AGE


                     Table 2: TWE Board skills matrix
                                                                                 TWE
                                                                                                                No. of directors (total of 8)

                                                                                                                        Good            Working
                         Board skills and our
                               We bring   experience
                                              whole self                       We are courageous       Expert       understanding
                                                                                                                       We              knowledge
                                                                                                                           deliver together
                         Industry
                         Expertise and experience in the wine or alcohol industry,                       4                  4                   0
                         consumer marketing or supply and distribution
                         Business strategy development and M&A
                         Demonstrated ability to build, develop, implement, and deliver
                                                                                                         5                  3                   0
                         strategic business objectives, including sustainability objectives
                         and/or experience in corporate transactions and joint ventures
                         Finance and business
                         Proficiency in financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance
                                                                                                         3                  5                   0
                         and internal controls, corporate funding, capital management and
                         associated risks
                         Governance, regulatory, and human capital
                         Expertise identifying and managing legal, regulatory, governance,
                         public policy, and corporate affairs issues; and experience in complex          2                  6                   0
                         human capital and remuneration issues and understanding of the
                         link between strategy, performance, and remuneration outcomes
                         Risk management
                         Experience anticipating and identifying risks and monitoring
                         the effectiveness of both financial and non-financial risk
                                                                                                         3                  5                   0
                         management frameworks and controls; and extensive experience
                         with complex workplace health, safety, environmental, and
                         community risks and frameworks
                         Technology
                         Expertise and experience in the adoption and implementation of new
                         technology, including IT infrastructure, understanding of key factors
                                                                                                         0                  6                   2
                         relevant to digital disruption, including opportunities to leverage digital
                         technologies and cyber security, and understanding the use of data
                         and analytics
                         Innovation
                         Expertise in and understanding of key factors relevant to digital
                                                                                                         2                  5                   1
                         disruption and innovation; and experience in the creation
                         and delivery of new ways of working and commercial initiatives
                         International
                         Relevant experience in regions and countries related to the Company’s           5                  3                   0
                         strategy and activities, including US, Asia, and EMEA
                         Board or senior management experience                                          Yes                                     No
                         Chairman – listed company                                                       2                                      6
                         CEO/senior management                                                           8                                      0




                                                                                                             TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 47
                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)




                    The Board recognises the importance of cultural,            ROLE OF THE BOARD
                    geographic, and gender diversity amongst its                The responsibilities of the Board as set out in the
                    members, which is reflected in the current                  Board Charter include the following.
                    representation on the Board, with three non-executive




For personal use only
                    directors based offshore in regions in which the            Strategic guidance and effective oversight
                    Company operates. The Board considers that it also          of management
                    has an appropriate mix of director tenure, with its         • Providing input into, and approval of, the Company’s
                    members ranging from newly appointed to longer                corporate strategy, performance objectives, and
                    standing directors. As at June 2022, the average tenure       business plans as developed by management.
                    for the Company’s non-executive directors was
                                                                                • Appointing the CEO and managing succession
                    7.7 years. Mr Every-Burns has advised of his intention
                                                                                  planning, as well as overseeing changes to the
                    to retire from the Company’s Board at the upcoming
                                                                                  Executive Leadership Team, with a view to ensuring
                    Annual General Meeting and the Board has clear
                                                                                  senior management has the appropriate resources
                    succession plans in place to ensure continued
                                                                                  to enable implementation of the Company’s
                    Board renewal.
                                                                                  strategic initiatives.
                    In order to maintain gender diversity in the                • Directing, monitoring and assessing the Company’s
                    composition of the Board, in 2019 the Board set itself        performance against strategic and business plans.
                    a measurable objective that at least 30% of its directors
                    will be of each gender going forward. Since the             • Approving and monitoring capital management,
                    retirement of Louisa Cheang on 1 September 2021,              including major capital expenditure, acquisitions,
                    women represent 37.5% of the Board. In order to               and divestments.
                    maintain gender diversity into the future, in 2022 the      Risk assessment and management
                    Board has set itself a measurable objective to maintain
                                                                                • Reviewing and evaluating the integrity of the
                    at least 30% of each gender going forward.
                                                                                  Company’s systems of risk management (for both
                    The Board is committed to ensuring its performance            financial and non-financial risks), legal compliance,
                    is enhanced through its director induction and ongoing        and internal compliance and control.
                    education program. The Board’s ongoing education
                                                                                • Reviewing and approving the Company’s risk
                    incorporates site visits and presentations given
                                                                                  appetite statement.
                    by management and external parties concerning
                    developments impacting, or likely to impact,                Obligations to stakeholders
                    the business.                                               • Monitoring and reviewing processes aimed at
                    Independence                                                  ensuring integrity of financial and other reporting.
                    The Board, having reviewed the position, interests,         • Monitoring compliance with adopted strategies,
                    and relationships of all non-executive directors              procedures and standards, including corporate
                    currently in office, considers that all non-executive         governance standards.
                    directors are independent.
                    During the year, non-executive directors met
                    periodically, without the presence of management,
                    to have the opportunity to discuss key matters,
                    amongst the non-executive directors.
                    Annual director elections
                    Under the Constitution of the Company, non-executive
                    directors are required to retire and may seek
                    re-election, at least every three years. However, having
                    regard to the global nature of the Company, emerging
                    governance requirements in key markets, the inherent
                    benefits for Board renewal, and to ensure
                    accountability of directors, in 2019 the Board adopted
                    a policy pursuant to which all non-executive directors
                    will seek re-election annually.




                    48 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    BOARD COMMITTEES
                    Four standing Board Committees have been established to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities.

                                                                                 Board of Directors


                               Audit and Risk                      Nominations                    Human Resources                  Wine Operations and




For personal use only
                                Committee                           Committee                       Committee                    Sustainability Committee
                        Oversees: financial reporting,      Oversees: Board composition,      Oversees: training,                Oversees: winemaking
                        risk management and internal        performance of the Board,         development and succession         operations in the various
                        controls, external and internal     Board committees and              planning for senior                regions in which the
                        audit, capital management,          individual directors, as well     management, Company’s              Company operates,
                        and compliance.                     as succession planning.           Inclusion, Equity, and Diversity   expansion opportunities
                        Key focuses for F22                 Key focuses for F22               Policy, evaluation of senior       in winemaking areas,
                                                                                              executive performance,             supply chain sustainability,
                        • Reviewing the scope of           • Overseeing Board
                                                                                              remuneration, and non-             and the Company’s
                           the annual internal and             composition and succession
                                                                                              executive directors’ fees.         sustainability reporting.
                           external audit programs             plans including changes to
                           and overseeing the                  Committee composition,         Key focuses for F22                Key focuses for F22
                           conduct and coordination            overseeing the retirement      • Reviewing remuneration          • Reviewing and monitoring
                           of those programs, as well          of Ms Louisa Cheang, and          practices for F23 to               progress against the
                           as the performance and              the intended retirement of        ensure alignment with the          Company’s sustainability
                           independence of the internal        Mr Every-Burns from the           Company’s DNA and to               targets and the
                           and external auditors.              Board at the Company’s            provide for the reward and         implementation of initiatives
                        • Reviewing significant               upcoming Annual General           retention of key talent.           to reach these targets.
                           accounting and financial            Meeting.                       • Reviewing and approving         • Overseeing Company
                           reporting related matters        • Assessing the competencies        the fixed remuneration and         initiatives to ensure
                           raised by management                of the directors to ensure        incentive compensation             industry and community
                           and the auditors.                   the appropriate range of          arrangements for senior            engagement.
                        • Reviewing compliance                skills and expertise amongst      executives, including           • Reviewing workplace health,
                           matters across                      Board members.                    reviewing the attainment           safety, and wellbeing
                           the Company.                     • Review of the Board               of short-term incentive            performance and initiatives.
                                                               skills matrix.                    and long-term incentive
                        • Reviewing whistleblower                                                                               • Overseeing wine asset
                                                                                                 performance conditions.
                           matters reported across the      • Overseeing the externally                                            management and strategy.
                           Company and endorsing               facilitated review of the      • Reviewing and
                                                                                                                                 • Monitoring global vintage
                           a new Whistleblower Policy.         performance of individual         recommending to the Board
                                                                                                                                    variations and outcomes.
                                                               directors, the Board as a         for approval the Company’s
                        • Monitoring the Company’s
                                                               whole and the operation           F22 Remuneration Report.
                           insurance renewal program.
                                                               of the Board Committees.       • Approving the terms
                        • Reviewing and
                                                            • Assessing the                     of engagement of the
                           recommending to the Board
                                                               independence of directors         remuneration consultant.
                           for approval the full year and
                           interim financial reports.          and suitability of director    • Overseeing the Company’s
                                                               candidates for re-election.       inclusion, equity, and
                        • Reviewing the Company’s
                                                                                                 diversity initiatives and
                           risk management
                                                                                                 progress against targets.
                           framework to ensure that it
                           continues to be sound.


                    GOVERNANCE POLICIES
                    The Company has a number of governance policies                           • Whistleblower Policy, which promotes and supports
                    which guide how it does business, including                                 the Company’s culture of honest and ethical
                    the following.                                                              behaviour, by encouraging the reporting of potential
                                                                                                misconduct or any other matter that may
                    • Code of Conduct, which recognises that the
                                                                                                contravene the Company’s Code of Conduct or
                      Company’s reputation is one of its most valuable
                                                                                                other policies or the law.
                      assets, founded on the ethical and responsible
                      behaviour of the people who represent the                               • Potential Conflicts of Interest Policy, which guides
                      Company.                                                                  the disclosure and management of potential
                                                                                                conflicts of interest.
                    • Disclosure Policy, which recognises the importance
                      of timely disclosure of the Company’s activities                        • Share Trading Policy, which prohibits trading in the
                      to shareholders and market participants, so that                          Company’s shares by directors and employees if
                      trading in the Company’s shares takes place in                            they are in possession of ‘inside information’ and
                      an informed market.                                                       provides further restrictions on trading by ‘Restricted
                                                                                                Persons’ including prohibiting trading during
                    • Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy, which supports
                                                                                                blackout periods, and requiring prior approval
                      the Company’s commitment to countering bribery
                                                                                                before trading at any other time.
                      and corruption in all forms and confirms that the
                      Company does not tolerate any form of bribery                           • Risk Management Policy, as well as a Risk
                      or corruption.                                                            Management Framework, which provide guidance
                                                                                                and direction on the management of risk in the
                                                                                                Company and state the Company’s commitment
                                                                                                to the ongoing development of a strategic and
                                                                                                consistent company-wide approach to risk
                                                                                                management, underpinned by a risk-aware culture.


                                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 49
                    Directors’ report
                    The directors of Treasury Wine Estates Limited                           DIRECTORS
                    (the Company) present their report, together with the                    The directors of the Company during the financial year
                    financial report for the Company and its controlled                      and up to the date of this report are:
                    entities (the Group), for the financial year ended




For personal use only
                    30 June 2022 and the auditor’s report.                                                                             Date of appointment
                    The following sections of the Annual Report are                             Warwick Every-Burns                                   9 May 2011
                    part of, and are to be read in conjunction with,
                    this Directors’ report:                                                     Paul Rayner                                           9 May 2011
                                                                                                Ed Chan                                      1 September 2012
                    • Operating and financial review (OFR)
                                                                                                Garry Hounsell                               1 September 2012
                    • Board of Directors
                                                                                                Lauri Shanahan                               1 November 2016
                    • Remuneration report.
                                                                                                Colleen Jay                                           1 April 2018
                    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                Louisa Cheang                                1 December 2018
                    The principal activities of the Group during                                (retired 1 September 2021)
                    the financial year were viticulture and winemaking,
                                                                                                Antonia Korsanos                                      1 April 2020
                    and the marketing, sale, and distribution of wine.
                                                                                                Timothy Ford                                          1 July 2020
                    STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                       (Chief Executive Officer)
                    The Group’s consolidated financial statements
                    have been presented for the financial year ended
                    30 June 2022 and appear on pages 74 to 124.
                    Particulars of the current directors’ qualifications,
                    experience and Board Committee responsibilities
                    are detailed in the Board of Directors section of this
                    Annual Report.


                    DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS
                    The number of Board and Board Committee meetings and the number of meetings attended by each of the
                    directors of the Company during the financial year are listed below.

                    Meetings held during 2022 financial year

                                                                                                Human                             Wine Operations
                                                                      Audit and Risk          Resources          Nominations     and Sustainability
                                                         Board          Committee            Committee            Committee            Committee         Additional
                                                       meetings1          meetings1            meetings1           meetings1             meetings1       meetings2

                                                Held Attended        Held Attended        Held Attended       Held Attended        Held Attended          Attended

                    Paul Rayner                   17         17        –         –          –         –          4          4         –         –                11
                    Tim Ford                      17         17        –         –          –         –          –          –         –         –                11
                    Ed Chan                       17         17        4          4         –         –          –          –         –         –                    1
                    Louisa Cheang    3
                                                  2           04
                                                                       –         –          –         –          –          –         –         –                –
                    Warwick Every-Burns           17         165
                                                                       –         –          4          4         4          4         –         –                    1
                    Garry Hounsell                17         17        4          4         –         –          4          4         2          2               8
                    Colleen Jay                   17         155       –         –          4          4         –          –         2          2               2
                    Antonia Korsanos6             17         17        4          4         –         –           1          1        –         –                5
                    Lauri Shanahan                17         17        –         –          4          4         –          –         –         –                3

                    1. Shows the number of meetings held and attended by each director during the period that the director was a member of the Board or committee.
                       Directors who are not members of Board committees do attend committee meetings from time to time. The above table reflects the meeting
                       attendance of directors who are members of the relevant committee(s).
                    2. Reflects the number of additional formal meetings attended during the financial year by each director, including committee meetings
                       (other than Audit and Risk Committee, Human Resources Committee, Nominations Committee or Wine Operations and Sustainability
                       Committee) where any two directors are required to form a quorum.
                    3. Ms Cheang retired from the Board on 1 September 2021.
                    4. This number reflects Ms Cheang’s absence from two Board meetings due to a Board-approved leave of absence.
                    5. Mr Every-Burns and Ms Jay attended all scheduled Board meetings. This number reflects absence from unscheduled Board meetings due
                       to a prior commitment.
                    6. Ms Korsanos joined the Nominations Committee with effect from 1 November 2021.




                    50 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARE CAPITAL                       EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO BALANCE DATE
                    The relevant interest of each director in the share         Since the end of the financial year, the directors
                    capital of the Company as at the date of this report        approved a final 100% franked dividend of 16 cents
                    is disclosed in the Remuneration Report.                    per share. This dividend has not been recognised




For personal use only
                                                                                as a liability in the consolidated financial statements
                    COMPANY SECRETARY                                           at 30 June 2022.
                    The Sustainability and External Affairs Officer, Kirsten
                                                                                On 1 July 2022 the Group purchased a number of
                    Gray BA/LLB (Hons), PDM, is also the Company’s
                                                                                vineyard assets in America for US$73 million that were
                    Company Secretary. She has been the Company
                                                                                previously subject to long term lease arrangements.
                    Secretary since 23 March 2020. Ms Gray is an
                                                                                These assets have been acquired with a view to resale
                    experienced executive with deep commercial, legal,
                                                                                in F23 as part of the ongoing restructure of supply
                    and governance expertise. Ms Gray began her career
                                                                                assets in America.
                    as a corporate lawyer with Allens Australia, following
                    which she held senior global positions in various           In July 2022 the Group agreed to acquire a 78.6% stake
                    top ASX-listed companies including the BHP Group            in Chateau Lanessan, including its production and
                    and Orica.                                                  vineyard assets in the Bordeaux region of France.
                                                                                The cash outflow associated with the acquisition is
                    DIVIDENDS
                                                                                expected to be approximately A$60 million, including
                    Interim dividend: the Company paid an interim               a capital injection to fund winery and vineyard
                    dividend of 15 cents per ordinary share on 1 April 2022.    development. Completion is expected in October 2022,
                    The dividend was fully franked.                             subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent.
                    Final dividend: since the end of the financial year,        The directors are not aware of any other matters or
                    the directors have approved a final dividend of             circumstances that have arisen since the end of the
                    16 cents per share, fully franked and payable on            financial year which have significantly affected or may
                    30 September 2022. The record date for entitlement          significantly affect the operations of the Group, the
                    to this dividend is 1 September 2022.                       results of those operations or the state of affairs of the
                    In summary:                                                 Group in subsequent financial years.

                                                                                SUSTAINABILITY
                                             Dividend per share            $M
                                                                                Matters of environmental and social significance to
                    Interim dividend paid                                       the Group are primarily addressed within the Group’s
                    on 1 April 2022                   15 cents        $108.3    sustainability strategy. This strategy addresses the
                    Final dividend payable                                      material topics for the Group, and the Executive
                    on 30 September 2022              16 cents         $115.5   Leadership Team actively monitors progress against
                                                                                our strategic roadmaps and public targets.
                    Total                              31 cents       $223.8
                                                                                Further detail on the Group’s sustainability strategy,
                    The Company paid shareholders a final dividend in           initiatives and achievements are detailed in the
                    respect of the 2021 financial year of $93.8 million.        Sustainability section of this Annual Report and the
                                                                                Company’s most recent Sustainability Report.
                    REVIEW AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
                    Information on the operations and financial position
                    for TWE is set out in the OFR accompanying this             The Group is subject to various environmental laws
                    Directors’ report.                                          and regulatory frameworks governing energy,
                                                                                water, waste, and greenhouse gas reporting for
                    SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS                 its operations globally.
                    During the financial year, the Company’s state              Management of environmental issues and risks is a
                    of affairs was significantly impacted by the                core element of the work program delivered by
                    implementation of the Company’s new divisional              sustainability and technical teams and is detailed in
                    operating model, the divestment of non-priority             the relevant material business risks outlined in the OFR.
                    US brands and assets, the Frank Family Vineyards
                    acquisition, and COVID-19. The nature of these
                    impacts have been discussed in various ASX
                    announcements made by TWE. Further information
                    regarding these impacts on TWE can be found
                    in the OFR, accompanying this Directors’ report.

                    BUSINESS STRATEGIES, PROSPECTS AND
                    LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS
                    The OFR sets out information on TWE’s business
                    strategies and prospects for future financial years
                    and refers to likely developments in the Company’s
                    operations, along with the expected results of those
                    operations in future financial years.



                                                                                                 TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 51
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    The Group recognises the direct link between effective        rules of engagement regarding the provision of
                    management of its environmental impacts and its               non-audit services by the External Auditor contained
                    business success. To this end, the Group’s environment        in the Committee Charter to ensure they do not
                    policies, procedures and practices are designed to            impact the actual or perceived impartiality and




For personal use only
                    ensure that the Group maintains focus on resource             objectivity of KPMG.
                    efficiency and continuous improvement, and that
                                                                                • None of the services provided by KPMG undermine
                    environmental laws and permit conditions are
                                                                                  the general principles relating to auditor
                    complied with. Compliance with these regulatory
                                                                                  independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics
                    and operational programs has been incorporated
                                                                                  for Professional Accountants.
                    into relevant business practices and processes.
                                                                                During the financial year, the fees paid or payable for
                    The Group monitors its operations through a Health,
                                                                                non-audit services provided by KPMG and its related
                    Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System,
                                                                                practices totalled $170,371. Amounts paid or payable
                    overlaid with a risk management and compliance
                                                                                for audit and non-audit services are disclosed in
                    system overseen by the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                                note 31 of the financial statements.
                    Although the Group’s various operations involve
                    relatively low inherent environmental compliance risk,      A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration
                    matters of non-compliance are identified from time          is set out on page 53 and forms part of this report.
                    to time and are corrected. Where required, the
                    appropriate regulatory authority is notified.               INDEMNITIES AND INSURANCE
                                                                                Rule 40 of the Company’s Constitution provides that
                    Under the compliance system, the Audit and Risk             the Company must, to the extent permitted by and
                    Committee and the Board receive six-monthly reports         subject to the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), indemnify
                    detailing any matters involving non-compliance and          each officer, director and Company Secretary
                    potential non-compliance. These reports also detail         of a Group company in respect of any liability, loss,
                    the corrective action that has been taken.                  damage, cost, or expense incurred or suffered, or
                    Under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting          to be incurred or suffered, by the officer, director or
                    Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act), the Company is required to       Company Secretary in or arising out of the conduct
                    report on its Australian operations that exceed specific    of any activity of the relevant Group company or the
                    greenhouse gas emissions or energy-use thresholds.          proper performance of any duty of that officer,
                    The Company submitted its annual NGER Act report            director or Company Secretary.
                    by the prescribed reporting date of 31 October 2021.        Each director of Treasury Wine Estates Limited has
                    During the financial year, the Group has not been           entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and
                    convicted of any significant breaches of                    Access (Deed) with the Company. No director or officer
                    environmental regulation.                                   of the Company has received a benefit under an
                                                                                indemnity from the Company during the period ended
                    PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY                        30 June 2022 or to the date of this report.
                    There are no proceedings brought or intervened in,
                                                                                In accordance with the Company’s Constitution and
                    or applications to bring or intervene in proceedings,
                                                                                the Deed, the Company has paid a premium in respect
                    on behalf of the Company by a member or other
                                                                                of an insurance contract that covers directors and
                    person entitled to do so under section 237 of the
                                                                                officers of the Group companies.
                    Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                                                                                ROUNDING
                    NON-AUDIT SERVICES AND AUDITOR INDEPENDENCE
                                                                                Treasury Wine Estates Limited is a company of the kind
                    KPMG is the Company’s auditor, appointed with effect
                                                                                referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/
                    from 23 October 2013.
                                                                                Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191 and, except
                    The Group may decide to engage the auditor, KPMG,           where otherwise stated, amounts in the statutory
                    on assignments additional to their statutory audit          financial statements forming part of this report have
                    duties where such services are not in conflict with their   been rounded off to the nearest one hundred
                    role as auditor and their expertise and/or detailed         thousand dollars or to zero where the amount is
                    experience with the Company may allow cost                  $50,000 or less.
                    efficiencies for the work.
                                                                                This report is made on 18 August 2022, in accordance
                    The Board has considered the position and, in               with a resolution of the directors.
                    accordance with advice received from the Audit
                    and Risk Committee, is satisfied that the provision
                    of non-audit services by KPMG is compatible with
                    the general standard of independence for auditors
                    imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                    The Board also notes the following.
                    • The engagements for all non-audit services have           Paul Rayner                   Timothy Ford
                      been reviewed by the Chief Financial Officer and,         Chairman                      Chief Executive Officer
                      where relevant, the Chair of the Audit and Risk
                      Committee in accordance with the Committee’s



                    52 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Auditor’s independence declaration




For personal use only



                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 53
                    F22 remuneration report
                    CONTENTS

                    Executive remuneration                                                        Non-executive director remuneration
                    Key messages	Page 55                                                         Framework and outcomes                                     Page 68




For personal use only
                    Remuneration strategy and framework	Page 57                                  Other remuneration information
                    Performance and remuneration outcomes                        Page 62          Governance	Page 70
                                                                                                  Further information	Page 72



                    EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION
                    Introduction from the Chairman of the Human Resources Committee
                    Dear shareholders,                                                            strong momentum of growth in our luxury and premium
                    On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our F22                       portfolios as evidenced through our acquisition of
                    remuneration report for which we will seek your approval                      Frank Family Vineyards and the divestment of our
                    at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) in October 2022.                          US commercial portfolio.
                    This remuneration report is designed to demonstrate                           We have reported EBITS1 growth of 3% to $523.7 million
                    the Company’s performance, executive reward framework                         and EBITS margin improved 1.3 percentage points to 21.1%,
                    and outcomes, and their strong alignment with our                             reflecting excellent operating momentum and
                    strategic objectives and shareholder interests.                               outstanding execution of strategic priorities across all
                    This is my final letter to shareholders as the Chair of the                   divisions. Excluding Penfolds Australian country-of-origin
                    Human Resources Committee (HRC) as I hand over the                            sales to Mainland China, NSR and EBITS grew 9% and 22%
                    reins to Lauri Shanahan from 1 July 2022 and retire from                      respectively. ROCE declined slightly from F21 to 10.7%
                    the TWE Board following the upcoming AGM in October.                          (10.9% when impacts from divested and acquired portfolio
                    Lauri has been on the TWE Board and a member of the                           brands in Treasury Americas are excluded) but remains
                    HRC for almost six years, and will be an exceptional Chair.                   ahead of our weighted cost of capital. Portfolio
                    She has an extensive career background in retail,                             premiumisation continues, with the contribution of NSR
                    consumer brand, e-commerce, and environment, social                           from the premium and luxury portfolios increasing
                    and governance (ESG), and holds several Board positions                       6 percentage points to 83%. The Company’s capital
                    in the US - Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE: DECK),                         structure remains flexible and efficient, and we have
                    Cedar Fair Entertainment Company (NYSE: FUN), and G                           retained a strong balance sheet and investment grade
                    Squared Ascend (NYSE: GSQD.U). Lauri has previously held                      capital structure, with net debt2/EBITDAS3 of 1.8x.
                    the position of Chair of the Compensation Committee at                        The Company’s Total Shareholder Return performance,
                    Deckers and Cedar Fair and is currently the Compensation                      whilst still impacted by the unanticipated and ongoing
                    Committee Chair at G Squared. Lauri is an American                            external forces on our business, improved slightly from F21.
                    citizen, living in California and Colorado.                                   TWE’s remuneration practices are designed to attract,
                    F22 saw TWE move from a period of recovery and                                motivate, and retain the high-calibre talent needed to
                    significant restructuring and into an exciting new phase                      deliver sustainable results that out-perform the market
                    of growth and execution under our brand-led divisional                        over the long term. As the Chair of the Committee, I have
                    portfolio model. Each of our new divisions – Penfolds,                        consulted considerably in recent months with investors
                    Treasury Premium Brands and Treasury Americas – are                           and proxy advisors to discuss the challenges with ensuring
                    now on a clear and positive trajectory towards their                          remuneration outcomes for F22 reflect an alignment
                    respective long-term growth objectives. The benefits                          between pay, TWE’s strategic objectives, financial
                    of separate focus and accountability are already very                         performance and shareholder returns given the
                    evident throughout TWE. Our short-term incentives                             cumulative and continuing impacts of the pandemic,
                    support our Game Plan by rewarding our executives                             supply chain disruptions and the tariffs imposed by China.
                    and global teams for accelerating divisional focus and                        Following the challenging year in F21, in F22 executives were
                    delivery across the portfolio to unlock growth, whilst at                     tasked with aggressive, stretch goals to pivot the business
                    the same time ensuring alignment to our company-wide                          and mitigate these impacts by driving growth in other
                    strategic ambitions. Focused execution of the plan and                        markets and focusing on delivering growth in earnings.
                    priorities from our global teams has resulted in strong                       Executives have delivered impressive results. Once again,
                    underlying earnings growth during F22 across each                             however, remuneration outcomes have been directly
                    of the three brand portfolio divisions. This remarkable                       impacted. Whilst short-term incentive outcomes in F22
                    performance was delivered against a backdrop of varied                        appropriately reward our executives for pivoting the
                    and ongoing impacts from the global pandemic, supply                          business and setting the Company up for long term
                    chain disruptions, and the introduction of unprecedented                      growth, the collective impacts to remuneration outcomes
                    import duties on Australian wine by MOFCOM.                                   for executives have been significant with no short-term
                    We are confident that our executives have set the                             incentive payments for F20, and nil vesting of the LTIP for
                    Company up exceptionally well for long term success                           the third year in a row. The Board recognises and greatly
                    and are positive on our outlook across key markets outside                    appreciates management’s ongoing efforts and success
                    of Mainland China. We remain focused on continuing the                        in executing mitigation strategies.




                    1. Earnings before interest, tax, SGARA and material items.
                    2. Net debt excludes fair value adjustments related to derivatives that are in a fair value hedge relationship on a portion of US Private Placement
                       Notes: F22 ($11.3) million, F21 +$21.6 million.
                    3. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, SGARA and material items.



                    54 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    As always, the Board will continue to evaluate                    Yours sincerely,
                    remuneration strategies to ensure that the Company
                    both retains and appropriately incentivises executives
                    in the face of these significant obstacles.




For personal use only
                    The Committee is responsible for oversight of other
                    human resources matters across the Company, including
                    diversity, equity and inclusion, talent development and
                                                                                      Warwick Every-Burns
                    succession, culture and engagement. It remains our
                                                                                      Human Resources Committee Chairman
                    intention to encourage open dialogue with shareholders
                    and other stakeholders, and accordingly we welcome
                    any feedback and comments you may have.



                    1. KEY MESSAGES                                                   d) Short-term incentives in the year
                    This report details the F22 remuneration framework                As we advised in our F21 Remuneration Report F21 , short-
                    and outcomes for the key management personnel (KMP)               term incentive plan (STIP) targets were set in the context
                    of the Company which includes non-executive directors.            of our roadmap out of COVID-19, easing of government
                    In this report, ‘executives’ refers to executives identified as   mandated restrictions and travel and economic recovery
                    KMP excluding the non-executive directors. It is prepared         in our key markets. The MOFCOM announcement in August
                    in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations           2020 was another material uncontrollable event and also
                    Act 2001 (Cth) and all references are to Australian dollars       had a significant impact on our performance. F21 STIP
                    ($) unless otherwise specified.                                   targets were therefore reviewed and adjusted after the
                                                                                      first half of F21 to achieve a balance between appropriately
                    a) Financial results for F22                                      motivating and rewarding our executives for results
                    Following a challenging year in F21, F22 saw TWE return           delivered in extenuating circumstances and setting up
                    to earnings growth under our new brand-led divisional             TWE for long-term growth and returns for our shareholders.
                    portfolio model. Our continued focus on portfolio                 Management exceeded the revised targets, however the
                    premiumisation is delivering an impact with the                   Board determined that the F21 STIP Balanced Scorecard
                    contribution of NSR from the premium and luxury portfolios        multiplier for executives be paid at 1.0x (on target).
                    increasing to 83%. Management has executed strongly
                                                                                      Targets set for F22 STIP once again included aggressive,
                    and shown organisational resilience despite several years
                                                                                      stretch goals such as driving growth in other markets
                    of significant disruption and we delivered EBITS of
                                                                                      to mitigate the impact of severely reduced shipments
                    $523.7 million, a 3% increase on prior year. EBITS margin
                                                                                      to Mainland China, and to focus on delivering growth in
                    improved 1.3 percentage points to 21.1% and TWE delivered
                                                                                      earnings. These opportunities also assisted in offsetting
                    EPS of 44.7 cents per share (before material items and
                                                                                      ongoing adverse COVID-19 impacts. The F22 Balanced
                    SGARA) whilst ROCE declined slightly from F21
                                                                                      Scorecard multiplier for executives will be paid at 1.01x.
                    to 10.7% (10.9% when impacts from divested and acquired
                    portfolio brands in Treasury Americas are excluded).              Despite significant supply chain and cost headwinds,
                                                                                      the Company has achieved strong performance
                    b) KMP                                                            against the F22 STIP targets. The continued focus on
                    Executive KMP at TWE during F22 are as follows:                   our premiumisation strategy, has enabled EBITS growth
                                                                                      and increased contribution of the premium and luxury
                    Executives (as at 30 June 2022)
                                                                                      portfolios to our NSR. We will continue to pursue
                    Current KMP                                                       opportunities to enhance the fundamentals of our
                                                                                      business with a mindset of prioritising long-term
                    TM Ford         Chief Executive Officer (CEO)      Full year      success over short-term outcomes.
                    MJ Young        Chief Financial Officer (CFO)      Full year
                                                                                      As a result, and taking into account each executive’s
                    SR Boxer        Chief Strategy and Corporate       Full year      individual performance multiplier (IPM) based on their
                                    Development Officer (CSCDO)                       achievement of individual KPOs and demonstration
                                                                                      of the Company’s DNA, the Board has determined that
                    c) Fixed remuneration                                             the F22 STIP outcomes are 73.9% of fixed remuneration
                    TWE is a truly global company with significant growth,            for Mr Young and 87.3% of fixed remuneration for Mr Boxer.
                    increasing the responsibility and complexity of executive         The CEO received an F22 STIP outcome of 109.4% of
                    roles. The executive team has been crucial to the                 fixed remuneration.
                    successful navigation of COVID-19, wildfires and the tariffs      e) Long-term incentives in the year
                    imposed on Australian wine by MOFCOM. The reward,
                                                                                      Whilst the Company has focused on sustainable earnings,
                    retention, and development of this team is a key
                                                                                      cost management and operational effectiveness during
                    consideration of the Board.
                                                                                      the pandemic and following the introduction of the
                    As reported in the Company’s F21 Remuneration Report,             MOFCOM tariffs, the subsequent financial impacts
                    Mr Ford’s remuneration was increased by 5% to $1,575,000,         continue to have a direct impact on LTIP. The Company’s
                    Mr Young’s remuneration was increased by 5% to $749,700,          TSR performance was at the 25th percentile relative to its
                    and Mr Boxer’s remuneration increased by 2.5% to $691,875,        peer group while ROCE results, impacted significantly by
                    all effective from 1 September 2021. For F23, the Board has       these events, were also below threshold as a direct result.
                    approved a 3% increase to Mr Ford’s remuneration to               Targets were not met which resulted in nil vesting for
                    $1,622,250, a 3% increase to Mr Young’s remuneration to           eligible executives. This is the third year in a row that LTIP
                    $772,200 and a 3% increase to Mr Boxer’s remuneration             has lapsed for executives due to unprecedented events
                    to $712,700, effective 1 September 2022.                          outside of their control.



                                                                                                         TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 55
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    f) Changes for F23
                    F23 STIP
                    Following consultation with investors and to align Mr Ford’s target STIP opportunity to the market, the Board has approved
                    an increase to his target STIP opportunity from F23 onwards, from 83.3% to 100% of fixed remuneration.




For personal use only
                    F23 LTIP
                    The current performance measures of the LTIP have remained largely unchanged for seven years. Whilst adjustments to
                    weighting and performance curves have been made, the current measures of relative TSR and ROCE have been in place
                    since the F16 LTIP grant in 2015.
                    For the F23 LTIP, an additional measure of EPS, before material items and SGARA, will be introduced. An EPS measure is
                    aligned to our growth strategy whilst ensuring remuneration outcomes are aligned to shareholder returns. Both the TSR
                    and ROCE measures were retained and EPS was added as a third metric rather than removing one of the existing
                    measures, which has been supported following consultation with investors.
                    The weighting of the three metrics for the F23 LTIP will be relative TSR weighted at 20%, ROCE weighted at 40%, and EPS
                    weighted at 40% of the plan.
                    The following targets have been set for the F23 LTIP. The Board considers that the Company’s F23 targets are realistic
                    but challenging and an appropriate level of performance is required to justify full vesting of the portion of the LTIP award.
                    ROCE growth will be measured against the F22 ROCE base of 10.7% and will vest according to the following schedule.

                    ROCE baseline              % points ROCE growth          ROCE result                       % of Performance Rights subject
                    10.7% (F22)                                                                                to ROCE measure which vest
                                               Less than 2.8                 Less than 13.5%                   0%
                                               2.8 to 3.2                    13.5% to 13.9%                    35-75%
                                               3.2 to 4.0                    13.9% to 14.7%                    75-100%
                                               At or above 4.0               At or above 14.7%                 100%

                    EPS Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) will vest according to the following schedule

                    EPS Vesting                EPS1 CAGR %                   % of Performance Rights subject
                    Schedule                                                 to EPS measure which vest
                                               Less than 7.5%                0%
                                               7.5% to 15%                   35-100%
                                               At or above 15%               100%

                    The relative TSR vesting schedule for the F23 LTIP is unchanged from F22

                    Relative TSR               Relative TSR ranking          % of Performance Rights subject
                    vesting schedule                                         to relative TSR measure which vest
                                               Below 50th percentile         0%
                                               50th to 60th percentile       50-70%
                                               60th to 75th percentile       70-100%
                                               At or above 75th percentile   100%

                    The peer group for relative TSR comprises companies within the S&P/ASX 200 Index, excluding companies from the energy,
                    metal and mining, real estate, and finance sectors.
                    The Board has the discretion to adjust hurdles or vesting outcomes to ensure that executives are neither penalised,
                    nor provided with a windfall benefit arising from material, non-recurring items.
                    Offers of Performance Rights under the F23 LTIP are subject to the satisfaction of performance conditions, as outlined
                    above, over the performance period from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025. LTIP awards to KMP are at the absolute discretion
                    of the Board. For the F23 LTIP the following awards will apply:
                    • Mr Ford: opportunity of 175% of fixed remuneration at maximum, 66.5% at threshold, 0% below threshold
                    • Mr Young: opportunity of 150% of fixed remuneration at maximum, 57% at threshold, 0% below threshold
                    • Mr Boxer: opportunity of 150% of fixed remuneration at maximum, 57% at threshold, 0% below threshold.
                    The Company will seek shareholder approval at the 2022 AGM for the F23 LTIP offer to the CEO.

                    F23 Non-executive director fees
                    Following over three years of no increases to non-executive director fees, the Board has approved a 3% increase
                    to Board Chair and Member base fees and a moderate increase to Committee fees ranging between 2.3% to 4.5%,
                    effective 1 July 2022. The previous increase to non-executive director fees was in April 2019.

                    1. Earnings per Share before material items and SGARA.


                    56 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    2. REMUNERATION STRATEGY AND FRAMEWORK
                    a) Remuneration strategy
                    TWE’s remuneration strategy sets the direction for the remuneration framework, and drives the design and application
                    of remuneration programs across the Company, including for executives. The strategy aims to attract, retain, and reward




For personal use only
                    the best talent while building a performance-oriented culture. It sets out principles and processes to ensure remuneration
                    practices attract and motivate the highest calibre employees to achieve TWE’s business and financial objectives.
                    The remuneration strategy is designed to drive strong alignment between financial results for the business, wealth
                    outcomes for shareholders, and remuneration outcomes for employees. The Board believes that remuneration
                    of executives should include a fixed component and at-risk or performance-related components, including both
                    short-term and long-term incentives. Executive and stakeholder interests are aligned through share ownership.
                    The weighting of the at-risk remuneration components for each executive reflects the Board’s commitment to
                    performance-based reward. The diagram below illustrates the mix of remuneration components for executives,
                    firstly as a percentage of total remuneration (TR) at target, and then as a proportion of total maximum potential
                    remuneration. Section 3 of this report describes performance outcomes over the past five years, and how they
                    have impacted remuneration outcomes.
                    b) Total remuneration
                    Executive TR comprises fixed remuneration (FR) and variable (‘at-risk’) remuneration in the form of STIP and LTIP.
                    The remuneration structure in F22 for current executives as at 30 June 2022 is as follows.


                    Total remuneration with STIP at target and LTIP at threshold:
                    CEO                                                    Executives


                                           Percentage of TR                                       Percentage of TR
                                             FR 40%                                                 FR 44%
                                             STIP (at target) 33%                                   STIP (at target) 30%
                                             LTIP (at threshold) 27%                                LTIP (at threshold) 26%




                    Total remuneration with both STIP and LTIP at maximum:
                    CEO                                                    Executives


                                           Percentage of TR                                       Percentage of TR
                                             FR 24%                                                 FR 27%
                                             STIP (at maximum) 35%                                  STIP (at maximum) 32%
                                             LTIP (at maximum) 41%                                  LTIP (at maximum) 41%




                    c) Fixed remuneration
                    For Australian-based executives, total fixed remuneration is inclusive of superannuation and other benefits.
                    Fixed remuneration is reviewed annually and set at a market-competitive level reflective of the executive’s skills,
                    experience, and responsibilities, and taking into account complexity of role, location, and performance. The Company
                    looks at industry and general market peer groups, with key criteria applied such as market capitalisation and revenue.
                    Both Australian and global peers are considered, reflecting the complexity of roles in a global business and the
                    Company’s international lens on talent. Peer groups are reviewed regularly for accuracy and alignment with the nature
                    of the business.




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 57
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    d) Short-term incentive plan (STIP)
                    The STIP drives an annual at-risk component of remuneration and links business results for the fiscal year, executive
                    performance and reward using a balanced scorecard approach.




For personal use only
                    The STIP performance measures are designed to support the financial health of the organisation and shareholder return
                    in terms of dividends and share price - this year and over time. The metrics are aimed at reinforcing Company culture
                    as their achievement requires compliance with the Company’s DNA: We Bring our Whole Self, We are Courageous and
                    We Deliver Together. Hurdles and stretch targets are set for each metric and the sustainability of growth and returns is
                    non-negotiable.

                    F22 STIP measures        Remuneration and performance link

                    Global EBITS             The EBITS metric focuses and rewards executives for the overall health and profit-producing ability
                    (50%)                    of the Company. It is designed to ensure TWE products are available in the right quantities and retail
                                             locations, and to reward executives for levels of earnings that will benefit shareholders and provide
                                             capital that can be further invested by the Company for future growth.
                    Growth in sales          This growth metric aims to reward executives for delivering sales volumes in our priority brands to drive
                    volumes                  a steep trajectory in top line growth globally. Delivery of this metric drives executives to explore wider
                    (15%)                    opportunities for the Company to grow beyond existing products, markets, consumers, and customers.
                    Brand contribution       Executives delivering margin accretion are rewarded for delivering growth from quality brand
                    margin                   contribution through premiumisation of the Company’s portfolio, optimising investment and making
                    (15%)                    risk-managed, smart decisions.
                    Cash conversion          This metric rewards executives for the delivery of quality growth and strong planning operations
                    (10%)                    as measured by improvements in the balance sheet, operating cash flow, and forecast accuracy,
                                             all critical to delivering ROCE metric and financial returns for investors.
                    ROCE                     This metric aims to incentivise executives to grow profits by increasing revenue or efficiency
                    (10%)                    and optimise the Group’s asset base.




                    58 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    The table below provides further detail including the weighting of metrics and size of opportunity.

                    F22 STIP performance measures                   STIP opportunity                                  STIP detail

                    The STIP Balanced Scorecard is                  The annual STIP opportunity is at the             An annual award of cash and/or equity




For personal use only
                    consistent across all executives and            absolute discretion of the Board. In F22,         may be received based on:
                    measures are weighted as follows:               the following STIP opportunities applied:         • Group, team and individual financial,
                         50% global EBITS                           Target                                              strategic and operational
                         15% quality growth in sales volume             Executives 66.5% of FR                          performance, measured by way
                                                                                                                        of the Balanced Scorecard
                         15% brand contribution margin                  CEO 83.3% of FR
                                                                                                                      • agreed individual KPOs (including the
                         10% cash conversion
                                                                                                                        TWE DNA) measured by way of the IPM.
                                                                    Maximum
                         10% ROCE
                                                                        Executives 120% of FR                         One-third of the STIP award for executives
                         Each measure is assessed after                                                               is deferred into Restricted Equity (RE)
                         the financial year-end against the             CEO 150% of FR                                in the Company. Of this RE, one-half
                         full-year audited financial report                                                           (i.e. one-sixth of the overall STIP award)
                                                                        The PM is derived from the level
                         on a constant currency basis to                                                              will vest after one year, and one-half
                                                                        of each Executive’s achievement of
                         determine the overall level of                                                               (i.e. one-sixth of the overall STIP award)
                                                                        individual KPOs and demonstration
                         performance achieved.                                                                        will vest after two years.
                                                                        of the Company’s DNA.
                         The Balanced Scorecard can drive a                                                           The remaining two-thirds of the STIP
                                                                        Individual KPOs for Executives
                         multiplier outcome between 0 and 1.2                                                         award is delivered in cash at the end
                                                                        and the CEO comprise the
                         as per the diagram overleaf.                                                                 of F22.
                                                                        following objectives:
                                                                        50% strategic/operational
                                                                        25% leadership, inclusion, equity,
                                                                        and diversity
                                                                        25% wellbeing and sustainability.
                                                                        The IPM can drive a result of 0 to 1.5
                                                                        as per the diagram overleaf.


                    The overall structure of the F22 STIP is provided below.

                                                                                                                                    STIP Award $




                        Fixed                   STIP                          Balanced                   Individual
                        remuneration $          opportunity %                 Scorecard                  multiplier
                                                                              multiplier                 (0 to 1.5)
                                                                              (0 to 1.2)




                    Fixed – based on           Fixed – based on              Variable – based on       Variable – based               Restricted Equity         1/3
                    level of skill and         role and level of role        Balanced Scorecard        on individual                  Cash                      2/3
                    responsibility.            within the Company.           performance.              performance.




                                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 59
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    e) Long-term incentive plan (LTIP)
                    The LTIP is designed to reward executives for long-term performance and value creation for shareholders. Offers are
                    approved by the Board and made to select executives and senior leaders as nominated by the CEO. For F22, the Board
                    awarded the CEO an LTIP opportunity of 175% of fixed remuneration.




For personal use only
                    The performance period for the F22 LTIP is 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024 and the plan has the following features.

                    LTIP performance measures                                LTIP opportunity                   LTIP detail

                    Relative TSR (25% weighting)                             LTIP awards are at the absolute    LTIP awards are delivered in the
                        Relative to S&P/ASX 200 Index, excluding companies   discretion of the Board. In F22,   form of Performance Rights. The
                        from the energy, metal and mining, real estate and   the following awards applied:      number of rights allocated is based
                        finance sectors.                                                                        on face value using the 90-day
                                                                             • CEO 175% of FR
                                                                                                                Volume Weighted Average Price
                                                                             • other executives 150% of FR.     (VWAP) preceding 1 July at the start
                    ROCE growth(75% weighting)                                                                  of the performance period. If the
                        Calculated as EBITS divided by average capital                                          performance conditions are met
                        employed (at constant currency). Capital employed                                       at the end of the three-year
                        is the sum of average net assets (excluding SGARA)                                      performance period, rights vest
                        and average net debt.                                                                   and executives receive a share for
                                                                                                                each vested performance right.
                                                                                                                No amount is payable on the
                                                                                                                vesting of the Performance Rights
                                                                                                                or on their conversion into shares.
                                                                                                                Any rights that do not vest, lapse.

                    The features of the F22 LTIP outlined above remained the same as the F20 and F21 LTIP.

                    F22 LTIP vesting schedules

                    Relative TSR             Relative TSR ranking            % of Performance Rights subject
                    vesting schedule                                         to relative TSR measure which vest
                                             Below 50th percentile           0%
                                             50th to 60th percentile         50%-70%
                                             60th to 75th percentile         70%-100%
                                             At or above 75th percentile     100%


                    ROCE baseline            ROCE percentage                 ROCE result                        % of Performance Rights subject
                    10.8% (F21)              points growth                                                      to ROCE measure which vest
                                             Less than 1.8                   Less than 12.6%                    0%
                                             1.8 to 2.1                      12.6% to 12.9%                     35%-75%
                                             2.1 to 2.8                      12.9% to 13.6%                     75%-100%
                                             At or above 2.8                 At or above 13.6%                  100%


                    f) General employee share plan (Share Cellar)
                    The Company has a broad-based employee share plan, Share Cellar, which operates by way of after-tax employee
                    payroll contributions (minimum $500 to maximum $5,000) to acquire shares in the Company. The Company delivers one
                    matched share for every purchased share held at the plan vesting date (approximately two years), subject to continued
                    employment. An equivalent cash plan operates in countries where, due to local laws, it is not practicable to offer shares
                    to employees.
                    Shares were acquired in F22 under the 2021 Share Cellar offer and a subsequent offer to participate in the 2022 Share
                    Cellar Plan was made during the year. The first share purchases in the 2022 Share Cellar Plan will occur in August 2022 (F23).

                    g) Mid-term incentive plan (MTIP) and Restricted Equity plan (REP)
                    In addition to the LTIP, the Company operates the MTIP and REP which allows the Board to make offers of Deferred Share
                    Rights or Restricted Shares for the purpose of attracting, retaining and motivating key employees within the Company.
                    Participation in the MTIP is open to senior managers (excluding executives eligible for LTIP) and is subject to performance
                    conditions. There were no awards granted to, or vested for, executives under the MTIP or REP in F22.




                    60 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    h) Other key information
                    Board discretion and clawback
                    The Board will exercise discretion to ensure any cash or equity outcomes are appropriately aligned to the Company’s
                    underlying performance and the interests of shareholders. The Board maintains the discretion to clawback any vested




For personal use only
                    or unvested equity should a clawback event arise, which was not apparent at the time the equity was awarded. This may
                    include (but not limited to) material mis-statement of financial results, material reputational damage to the Company,
                    or where there was serious misconduct by a participant. This includes discretion to reduce, forfeit or reinstate awards,
                    require payback of proceeds from the sale of vested awards and/or reset or alter the performance conditions applying
                    to any award.

                    Leavers
                    The Board has absolute discretion as to whether participants retain their unvested equity upon ceasing employment,
                    taking into account the circumstances of their departure. In general, if an executive ceases employment with the
                    Company they forfeit their entitlement to cash or equity under the Company’s incentive plans.
                    In exceptional circumstances (such as redundancy, death, or disability), the Board, in its discretion, may determine that
                    a portion of the award is retained having regard to performance and time lapsed to date of cessation (or that an
                    equivalent cash payment be made). Retained awards will generally be subject to post-employment vesting, where the
                    participant must continue to hold the relevant Performance Rights until the end of the performance period, and be
                    subject to the performance conditions under the plan.

                    Dividends and voting rights
                    Plan participants granted Restricted Shares are entitled to dividends and voting rights. Participants holding time-restricted
                    rights or Performance Rights are entitled to neither dividends nor voting rights.

                    Change of control
                    In the event of a change of control, unless the Board determines otherwise, the transfer restrictions imposed on the
                    shares will be lifted, but only in so far as to permit the executive to participate in the change of control event. Any shares
                    that do not participate in the change of control event will continue to be subject to restrictions until the end of the
                    applicable restriction period.

                    Hedging
                    To ensure the variable components of the Company’s remuneration structure remain ‘at-risk’, employees may not hedge
                    against the risk inherent in arrangements such as the LTIP, or any other equity-based incentive plans. Awards will be
                    forfeited if the policy is breached.




                                                                                                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 61
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    3. PERFORMANCE AND REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                    a) Overview of Company performance
                    Company performance during F22 saw earnings growth under our new brand-led divisional portfolio model. Our




For personal use only
                    continued focus on portfolio premiumisation is delivering an impact with the contribution of NSR from the premium and
                    luxury portfolios increasing to 83% from 77% in F21. We delivered EBITS of $523.7 million, a 3% increase on prior year and
                    EBITS margin improved 1.3 percentage points to 21.1%. TWE delivered EPS of 44.7 cents per share (before material items and
                    SGARA) whilst ROCE declined slightly from F21 to 10.7% (10.9% when impacts from divested and acquired portfolio brands
                    in Treasury Americas are excluded). The Company’s capital structure remains flexible and efficient. We have retained
                    a strong balance sheet and investment-grade capital structure, with net debt/EBITDAS of 1.8x.
                    Due to the outstanding performance from our executives and our global teams, our global response plan to mitigate
                    impacts from the measures implemented by MOFCOM is progressing well. Execution of key strategic priorities delivered
                    strong operating momentum across each brand portfolio division in F22. Whilst Penfolds reported an 8% decline in EBITS
                    due to reduced shipments to Mainland China, this was partly offset by continued positive momentum across the
                    portfolio and performance in other Asian markets, which continues to build momentum. NSR and EBITS for Penfolds
                    outside of Mainland China increased by 45% and 25% respectively on a constant currency basis and EBITS margin
                    increased by 0.6 percentage points. Treasury Americas reported a 20.5% increase in EBITS and EBITS margin increased
                    by 2.9 percentage points, led by standout growth from Beringer, Stags’ Leap, Matua and 19 Crimes. The contribution of
                    Frank Family Vineyards (FFV) was in line with expectations, with integration materially complete across people, systems,
                    processes, and external partnerships. Treasury Premium Brands reported a 27% increase in EBITS and improved EBITS
                    margin (up 2.5 percentage points). Portfolio premiumisation continued with strong performance by priority brands
                    including 19 Crimes, Pepperjack, Squealing Pig, and Wynns. Significant distribution gains for focus brands in key EMEA
                    and Asia markets was an execution highlight.
                    Whilst executives have delivered impressive performance in the face of the cumulative impact the unanticipated and
                    unprecedented events have had on the Company, once again, remuneration outcomes have been impacted.
                    The table below summarises the Company’s financial performance over the last five financial years.

                    Table 3.1: Overview of Company performance (reported)
                    Financial year ended 30 June 2022                                         20181             20191            20201              2021               2022

                    EBITS performance (A$ million)                                          543.8              664.7             512.6             510.3               523.7
                    Earnings per share (cents)     2
                                                                                               49.1             57.2               41.7             43.0                44.7
                    Dividends paid per share (cents)                                            28                35               40                 23                 283
                    Franked (%)                                                                 63               100               100               100                100
                    Closing share price ($ at 30 June)                                        17.39            14.92             10.48              11.68              11.35
                    Return on capital employed (%)                                              11.7             13.6             10.2               10.8               10.7

                    1. Prior year results for EBITS, EPS, and ROCE have been restated for changes in accounting policies.
                    2. Before material items and SGARA.
                    3. The 2022 dividend of 28 cents is comprised of the final dividend in F21 of 13 cents (100% franked) paid on 1 October 2021 and the interim F22
                       dividend of 15 cents (100% franked) paid on 1 April 2022. For the final F22 dividend see Note 6 of the Financial Statements.


                    The following graph shows movement in the Company share price against movement in the ASX200 over the last five years.


                    200%
                                 TWE
                                 ASX200
                        150%



                        100%



                        50%



                         0%
                        l–20       n–            l–20          n–             l–20         n–             l–20           n–               l–20        n–               l–20
                            17       20              18          20               19         20               20           20                 21        20                 22
                                       18                          19                          20                            21                           22
                   Ju             Ja           Ju            Ja             Ju                           Ju             Ja            Ju                           Ju
                                                                                          Ja                                                        Ja




                    62 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    b) Fixed remuneration outcomes
                    Market benchmarking and salary reviews are conducted annually with any changes effective from 1 September.
                    When comparing executives’ remuneration to the market, the ASX 21-75 peer group was used. During F22:
                    • the CEO, Mr Ford, received a 5% increase from $1,500,000 to $1,575,000 per annum, effective 1 September 2021




For personal use only
                    • the CFO, Mr Young, received a 5% increase from $714,000 to $749,700 per annum, effective 1 September 2021
                    • the CSCDO, Mr Boxer, received a 2.5% increase from $675,000 to $691,875 per annum, effective 1 September 2021.
                    c) Short-term incentive outcomes
                    Short-term incentives are assessed by achievement against each executive’s Balanced Scorecard and specific
                    personal objectives.
                    The F22 STIP scorecard is heavily weighted to financial metrics with the primary driver EBITS. Following a challenging year
                    in F21, the Company has achieved strong performance against the F22 STIP targets and F22 EBITS increased by 3% from F21
                    to $523.7 million. Targets set for F22 STIP once again included aggressive, stretch goals such as driving growth in other
                    markets to mitigate the impact of severely reduced shipments to Mainland China and to focus on delivering growth in
                    earnings. These opportunities also assisted in offsetting ongoing adverse COVID-19 impacts. This level of performance
                    is reflected in the STIP results and the level of payout for executives.
                    The continued focus on our premiumisation strategy, including the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards and the
                    divestment of our US commercial portfolio, has resulted in EBITS and EBITS margin growth and increased contribution
                    of the premium and luxury portfolios to our NSR. We will continue to pursue opportunities to enhance the fundamentals
                    of our business with a mindset of prioritising long-term success over short-term outcomes.
                    Actual results for the Balanced Scorecards are provided below.

                                                            CEO                                       CFO                                  CSCDO
                    F22 STIP
                    Scorecard                         Weight           Payment               Weight            Payment                Weight          Payment

                    Global EBITS                        50%                 52%                 50%                    52%               50%               52%
                    Quality growth in
                    sales volume                         15%                 8%                  15%                    8%                15%               8%
                    Brand contribution
                    margin                               15%                18%                  15%                   18%                15%               18%
                    Cash conversion                      10%                12%                  10%                   12%                10%               12%
                    Return on Capital
                    Employed                             10%                 11%                 10%                    11%               10%               11%
                    Total                              100%                101%                100%                    101%             100%               101%

                    The table below sets out short-term incentive outcomes for each executive inclusive of the impact of individual
                    performance multiplier outcomes.

                    Table 3.2: F22 STIP outcomes
                                                              STIP                                                                                    Total STIP
                                                       opportunity             STIP                      Total STIP                                 opportunity
                                       FR1 for STIP      at target      opportunity           STIP       awarded                      Restricted       forfeited
                                      opportunity         (% of FR)       at target       awarded2        (% of FR)2          Cash        Equity      ( % of FR)2
                    Executive1                  ($)             (%)             ($)            ($)              (%)             ($)           ($)            (%)

                    TM Ford              1,575,000             83.3%        1,312,500     1,722,623         109.4%        1,148,415     574,208              0%
                    MJ Young               749,700             66.5%         498,551       553,890           73.9%        369,260       184,630              0%
                    SR Boxer               691,875             66.5%         460,097        604,107          87.3%        402,738        201,369             0%

                    1. FR is salary as of 1 September 2021.
                    2. Inclusive of balanced scorecard and individual performance multiplier outcomes.




                                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 63
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    d) Long-term incentive awards and outcomes
                    LTIP awarded during the year
                    Performance Rights were allocated to executives under the F22 LTIP after the 2021 Annual General Meeting and are subject
                    to a three-year performance period. Any vesting is subject to two hurdles (detailed on page 60). The Performance Rights




For personal use only
                    have no exercise price and the minimum total value of the grant is zero. The maximum value is the number of awards
                    granted multiplied by the share price at vesting.

                    Table 3.3: F22 LTIP Performance Rights
                                                                                                        Number of                 Face Value at          Fair Value at
                    Executive                            Grant date            Vesting date         awards granted                grant date ($)1       grant date ($)2

                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    TM Ford                      1 December 2021              30 June 2024                     240,171                2,624,997               2,425,127
                    MJ Young                     1 December 2021              30 June 2024                     97,989                  1,070,990              989,444
                    SR Boxer                     1 December 2021              30 June 2024                     92,637                  1,012,495              935,402

                    1. The value of LTIP awards granted to executives was the face value of the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Company shares sold
                       on the Australian Securities Exchange over the 90-day period up to and including 30 June 2021 ($10.9297 per share).
                    2. The fair value ($) in the table above is calculated using the valuation method detailed in note 22 of the Financial Statements.


                    LTIP Vesting
                    The F20 LTIP was due to vest at the end of F22. The vesting schedule for the F20 LTIP is provided below.

                    Relative TSR vesting        Relative TSR ranking                    % of Performance Rights subject
                    schedule                                                            to relative TSR measure which vest
                                                Below 50th percentile                   0%
                                                50th to 75th percentile                 35%-70%
                                                60th to 75th percentile                 70%-100%
                                                At or above 75th percentile             100%

                    ROCE baseline               ROCE percentage                         ROCE result                           % of Performance Rights subject
                    13.8% (F19)                 points growth                                                                 to ROCE measure which vest
                                                Less than 1.0                           Less than 14.8%                       0%
                                                1.0 to 1.9                              14.8% to 15.7%                        35-100%
                                                At or above 1.9                         At or above 15.7%                     100%


                    Performance targets for the F20 LTIP were set prior to the COVID-19 pandemic and MOFCOM tariffs. Performance is
                    measured over the three-year period ended 30 June 2022. The Company’s relative TSR performance was at the 25th
                    percentile relative to its peer group while ROCE results, impacted significantly by these events, were also below threshold
                    resulting in nil vesting for eligible executives. This is the third year in a row that LTIP has lapsed for executives due to
                    unprecedented events outside of their control.

                    The F20 LTIP vesting outcome by executive is provided below. Mr Boxer did not participate in the F20 LTIP as it was granted
                    prior to his commencement with the Company.

                    Table 3.4: Vesting/lapsing of F20 LTIP
                                                     Number of                                                                              Number
                                                   Performance              Value at              Number                  Value             of rights            Value
                                                          Rights              grant 1             of rights              vested2               which            lapsed2
                    Executive                           granted                  ($)               vested                    ($)             lapsed3                ($)

                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    TM Ford                                  77,436         1,199,995                     0                   0              77,436            878,899
                    MJ Young                                 67,756        1,049,988                      0                   0               67,756            769,031

                    1. ‘Value at grant’ is calculated based on $15.4966 which was the volume weighted average price of Company shares sold on the ASX over the
                       90 day period up to and including 30 June 2019. This was the price used to calculate the number of Performance Rights granted under
                       the F20 LTIP as previously disclosed by the Company.
                    2. The value ‘lapsed’ or ‘vested’ is calculated based on the closing share price on the performance period end date of 30 June 2022, being $11.35.
                    3. The number of rights which lapsed as they did not vest.




                    64 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    e) General employee share plan (Share Cellar)
                    During F22, the 2022 Share Cellar Plan was launched. No executives participated in this plan. The Company has
                    approximately one quarter of all eligible employees participating in the Share Cellar Plan and investing their post-tax
                    pay to become shareholders.




For personal use only
                    f) Summary of awards held by executives
                    The table on the following page sets out the number and movement of awards held by executives. Restricted Shares
                    are generally issued under STIP Deferral (Restricted Equity). Performance Rights are issued under the LTIP. Deferred Share
                    Rights are issued under the REP or represent the right to matching shares under the 2019 Share Cellar Plan.

                    Table 3.5: Summary of awards held by executives
                                                                                              Granted/
                                                                          Held at the         acquired     Received                               Held at the
                                                                          start of the           during        upon                                end of the
                                                                           reporting          reporting     vesting/    Lapsed or         Other    reporting
                    Name                                                       Period            Period   exercising     forfeited1     change        Period

                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    TM Ford                  Restricted Shares                  7,464           44,338        (7,464)            –            –       44,338
                                             Performance Rights              333,376            240,171           –       (77,436)            –        496,111
                                             Deferred Share Rights                344                –         (344)             –            –             –
                    MJ Young                 Restricted Shares                  5,495            16,842       (5,495)            –            –        16,842
                                             Performance Rights              206,987            97,989            –        (67,756)           –       237,220
                                             Deferred Share Rights                224                –         (224)             –            –             –
                    SR Boxer                 Restricted Shares                      –            13,472           –              –            –        13,472
                                             Performance Rights                98,719           92,637            –              –            –       191,356
                                             Deferred Share Rights                  –                –            –              –            –             –
                    Grand Total                                              652,609          505,449        (13,527)     (145,192)           –      999,339

                    1. Represents F20 LTIP Performance Rights which lapsed on 30 June 2022.




                                                                                                                  TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 65
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    g) Remuneration of executives
                    Table 3.6 provides details of remuneration for the CEO and executives for F22, calculated in accordance with statutory
                    accounting requirements. All amounts are in Australian dollars and relate only to the portion of the year in which the
                    person occupied the KMP role.




For personal use only
                    Table 3.6: Remuneration of executives
                                                                                                                               Short-Term Benefits

                                                                             Salary/              Leave         Non-monetary               Total cash            Other
                    Executive                            Year                   fees1            accrual2            benefits3              incentive4        payments5

                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    TM Ford                              F22               1,538,932              86,759                   28,713           1,148,415              (1,856)
                                                         F21                1,478,306           268,498                   26,847            1,083,333                 808
                    MJ Young                             F22                 720,182              35,487                  10,499             369,260                       –
                                                         F21                 692,306               34,610                   10,031             411,502                     –
                    SR Boxer                             F22                665,495                4,375                  10,493             402,738                       –
                                                         F21                 653,306              32,865                    10,031            329,175                      –
                    TOTAL                                F22              2,924,609               126,621                 49,705            1,920,413              (1,856)
                                                         F21                2,823,918            335,973                   46,910            1,824,010                808

                    1. Represents cash salary including any salary sacrificed items such as superannuation and novated motor vehicles.
                    2. Includes any net changes in the balance of annual leave and long service leave (i.e. leave entitlements that accrued during the year
                       but were not used).
                    3. Includes the provision of car parking, product allocations, executive medical checks, taxation expenses, and fringe benefits tax on all benefits,
                       where applicable.
                    4. Represents cash payments made under the F22 STIP, excluding the Restricted Equity portion which will be allocated in September 2022.
                    5. Represents an amount payable by Mr Ford to the Company in respect of a refund of foreign tax credits claimed on Mr Ford’s 2020 US Federal
                       tax return.




                    66 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                                                                            Share-Based Payments

                           Superannuation/               Total amortisation                                                           Performance               Termination
                                   pension                      value of LTIP 6          Other equity7               Total                related % 8              benefits




                                       23,568                         696,229                    181,115        3,701,875                       55%                         –
                                        21,694                         196,394                  104,718         3,180,599                       44%                         –
                                       23,568                         212,369                    72,061        1,443,426                        45%                         –
                                        21,694                         (27,630)                  70,185          1,212,699                       37%                        –
                                       23,568                          410,773                  52,249          1,569,691                       55%                         –
                                        21,694                          113,519                        –         1,160,591                      38%                         –
                                       70,704                         1,319,371               305,425           6,714,992                                                   –
                                       65,083                         282,283                   174,904        5,553,889                                                    –

                    6. Includes a proportion of the fair value of all outstanding LTIP offers at the start of the year, or which were offered during the year. Under Australian
                       Accounting Standards, the fair value is determined as at the offer date and is apportioned on a straight-line basis across the expected vesting
                       period after adjusting at each reporting date for an estimation of the number of shares that will ultimately vest.
                    7. Includes a proportion of the fair value of all Restricted Shares and Deferred Share Rights held under outstanding Restricted Equity Plans at the
                       start of the year. F21 STIP Restricted Equity was outstanding at the end of F22. Restricted Equity granted under the F22 STIP is expected to be
                       allocated in September 2022. Under Australian Accounting Standards, the fair value is determined as at the offer date and is apportioned on a
                       straight-line basis across the expected vesting period after adjusting at each reporting date for an estimation of the number of shares that will
                       ultimately vest.
                    8. Represents the sum of incentive and Performance Rights/Restricted Equity as a percentage of total remuneration, excluding termination
                       payments. No termination payments were made to executives during F22.




                                                                                                                          TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 67
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                    4. FRAMEWORK AND OUTCOMES
                    This section of the report refers to the following non-executive directors.




For personal use only
                    Name                                              Position                                          Dates

                    Non-executive directors
                    Current
                    PA Rayner                                         Chairman                                          Full year
                    EYC Chan                                          Non-executive director                            Full year
                    WL Every-Burns                                    Non-executive director                            Full year
                    GA Hounsell                                       Non-executive director                            Full year
                    CE Jay                                            Non-executive director                            Full year
                    A Korsanos                                        Non-executive director                            Full year
                    LM Shanahan                                       Non-executive director                            Full year
                    Former
                    LW Cheang                                         Non-executive director                            Retired effective 1 September 2021


                    a) Fee pool
                    The current maximum aggregate fee pool of $2,500,000 per annum (inclusive of superannuation) was approved by
                    shareholders at the 2016 AGM.

                    b) Non-executive director fees
                    The level of non-executive directors’ fees takes into account the risks and responsibilities of the role, the global reach
                    and complexity of the business, director skills and experience, and market benchmark data (provided by independent
                    external consultants). At our 2021 AGM, we announced the establishment of a new Wine Operations and Sustainability
                    Committee which is chaired by our Director Mr Hounsell.
                    There were no increases to Chairman or non-executive director fees during F22. From F23, the Board has approved a
                    3% increase to Board Chair and Member base fees and a moderate increase to Committee fees as detailed in Table 4.1.
                    The previous increase to non-executive director fees was in April 2019.

                    Table 4.1: F22 Non-executive director fees
                                                                                                                                                 F23 fees per annum
                                                                                                 F22 fees per annum                         effective from 1 July 2022

                    Board/Committee                                          Chair fee ($)          Member fee ($)              Chair fee ($)         Member fee ($)

                    Board base fee                                                530,000                   193,000                  546,000                   198,500
                    Audit and Risk Committee                                       45,000                    22,000                    46,500                   22,500
                    Human Resources Committee                                       41,200                   20,600                    42,500                    21,500
                    Nominations Committee                                           10,000   1
                                                                                                              5,000                     10,0001
                                                                                                                                                                  5,000
                    Wine Operations and Sustainability
                    Committee                                                      35,000                    18,000                    35,000                    18,000

                    The above fees are inclusive of superannuation for Australian-based non-executive directors.

                    1. The Chairman of the Board, Mr Rayner, is also the Chair of the Nominations Committee. He does not receive any additional fees for this role.


                    In addition to the above fees, non-executive directors receive a wine allowance of $4,000. In order to maintain
                    independence, non-executive directors do not participate in the Company’s incentive plans and they do not receive
                    retirement benefits other than the superannuation contributions disclosed in this report.




                    68 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    c) Non-executive director outcomes
                    Details of non-executive director remuneration for F22 and F21 are provided overleaf.

                    Table 4.2: F22 Non-executive director remuneration




For personal use only
                                                                                                    Non–monetary
                                                                                       Fees              benefits 1        Superannuation                         Total
                    Non-executive director                     Year                       $                     $                       $                            $

                    PA Rayner                                  FY22                506,432                   16,840                  23,568                    546,840
                                                               FY21                 524,576                    15,617                  5,424                    545,617
                    EYC Chan                                   FY22                 215,000                   4,000                         –                  219,000
                                                               FY21                 215,000                    4,000                        –                  219,000
                    WL Every–Burns                             FY22                 217,455                    7,547                  21,745                   246,747
                                                               FY21                 218,447                    6,660                  20,753                   245,860
                    GA Hounsell                                FY22                 222,878                    7,547                 22,288                    252,713
                                                               FY21                  221,918                   6,660                   21,082                  249,660
                    CE Jay                                     FY22                222,600                    4,000                         –                  226,600
                                                               FY21                 213,600                    4,000                        –                   217,600
                    LM Shanahan                                FY22                 213,600                   4,000                         –                  217,600
                                                               FY21                 213,600                    4,000                        –                   217,600
                    A Korsanos                                 FY22                 212,425                    7,547                  21,242                    241,214
                                                               FY21                 196,347                    6,660                  18,653                    221,660


                    Former
                    L Cheang2                                  FY22                  48,250                   4,000                         –                   52,250
                                                               FY21                 193,000                    4,000                        –                   197,000
                    TOTAL                                      FY22               1,858,640                  55,481                  88,843               2,002,964
                                                               FY21               1,996,488                   51,597                  65,912                   2,113,997

                    1. Includes product allocations, entertainment and fringe benefits tax, where applicable. The amounts for Mr Rayner include car parking.
                    2. Ms Cheang ceased as a non-executive Director from 1 September 2021.




                                                                                                                    TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 69
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    OTHER REMUNERATION INFORMATION
                    5. GOVERNANCE
                    a) Role of the Human Resources Committee (HRC)




For personal use only
                    The HRC provides assistance to the Board in relation to such matters as monitoring remuneration principles and
                    frameworks, providing advice on remuneration matters, making remuneration recommendations for executives,
                    approving incentive plans and reviewing and governing remuneration policies. In addition to its remuneration
                    responsibilities, and together with the Board, the HRC’s duties include overseeing talent management, diversity,
                    and leadership development.
                    The HRC ensures that the Company’s policies and frameworks aid the achievement of the Company’s strategic
                    objectives, provide appropriate governance, are aligned with market practice, and fulfil the Board’s responsibility to
                    shareholders. During the year the Audit and Risk Committee Chair attended all HRC meetings as a committee member.
                    Also, the HRC Chair typically attends the Audit and Risk Committee meetings, providing a link between both committees
                    to assist with oversight of non-financial risk.
                    As outlined in Section 4 of the Corporate Governance Statement disclosed on the Company’s website tweglobal.com,
                    the Company has procedures in place for the reporting of any matter that may give rise to a conflict between the interests
                    of a director and those of the Company. In addition, the Company has adopted a general policy for employees in relation
                    to the disclosure and management of potential conflicts of interest (see Section 4 of the Corporate Governance Statement
                    on tweglobal.com).

                    b) Engagement of remuneration advisors
                    In F22, the Board and HRC engaged PwC as an independent advisor to the HRC. Potential conflicts of interest are
                    considered by the HRC, and the Board and HRC are satisfied that the advice provided by PwC was free from undue
                    influence. Any advice provided by remuneration consultants is used as a guide only and is not a substitute for detailed
                    consideration of all relevant issues by the HRC. No remuneration recommendations, as defined by the Corporations Act
                    2001 (Cth), were provided.

                    c) Executive and non-executive director share ownership
                    Executives and non-executive directors are encouraged to have control over ordinary shares in the Company and
                    executives and non-executive directors are required to hold at least the equivalent of one year’s fixed remuneration
                    or base fees. The guidelines are expected to be met over a reasonable period of time (approximately five years).
                    The Company’s variable incentive programs contribute towards executives meeting this guideline. The Director Share
                    Acquisition Plan (DSAP) allows directors to apply after-tax fees to the acquisition of the Company’s shares on a periodic
                    basis at the prevailing market rate, however there was no opportunity to participate in this plan during F22 due to
                    trading restrictions. The table below sets out KMP shareholdings.

                    Table 5.1: KMP shareholdings
                                                                                                                                       Other
                                                                                      Balance               Received                changes                 Balance
                                                                                     at start of        upon vesting/                 during                 at end
                    F22                                                               the year               exercise1              the year2                of year

                    Executive
                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    TM Ford                                                              63,755                  7,808                      –                 71,563
                    MJ Young                                                             25,358                   5,719                   192                 31,269
                    SR Boxer                                                                   –                      –                     –                     –
                    Executive total                                                       89,113                13,527                    192               102,832

                    1. Includes release of Restricted Shares under Tranche 2 of F19 Deferred STIP and vesting of Share Cellar matched rights.
                    2. Includes the purchase/sale of ordinary shares during F22 and for Mr Young, shares received under TWE’s dividend reinvestment plan.




                    70 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Table 5.1: KMP shareholdings (continued)
                                                                                                           Acquired
                                                                              Balance at start       during the year        Other changes             Balance at
                    F22                                                            of the year       as part of DSAP3       during the year           end of year4




For personal use only
                    Non-executive directors
                    Current
                    (as at 30 June 2022)
                    PA Rayner                                                           297,819                                            –               297,819
                    EYC Chan                                                            48,280                                             –               48,280
                    WL Every-Burns                                                     100,000                                                            100,000
                    GA Hounsell                                                         83,500                                       16,500               100,000
                    CE Jay                                                               3,382                  13,209                     –                16,591
                    LM Shanahan                                                          15,225                                        5,143               20,368
                    T Korsanos                                                           12,500                                       5,000                 17,500
                    Former
                    L Cheang5,6                                                               –                                            –                     –
                    Non-executive director total                                      560,706                  13,209                26,643              600,558
                    Grand total                                                        649,819                 26,736                26,835               703,390

                    3. Shares acquired by directors using post-tax fees in TWE’s Director Share Acquisition Plan (DSAP).
                    4. No changes in shareholdings have occurred for non-executive directors from the balance date to the date of this report.
                    5. Ms Cheang was granted an exemption from TWE’s minimum shareholding requirement due to the extensive regulatory processes for securities
                       trading that apply in relation to her role as Vice Chairman and Chief Executive of Hang Seng Bank Limited and Group General Manager of HSBC
                       Holdings plc.
                    6. Ms Cheang ceased to be a Director from 1 September 2021.




                                                                                                                   TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 71
                    F22 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                    6. FURTHER INFORMATION
                    a) Executive contracts
                    There is no fixed term for executive contracts. The Company may terminate service agreements immediately for cause,




For personal use only
                    in which case the executive is not entitled to any payment other than the value of fixed remuneration and accrued leave
                    entitlements up to the termination date. On resignation, all executives are required to give six months’ notice. If the
                    termination is Company initiated without cause, all executives have termination provisions of six months’ notice by the
                    Company plus six months’ severance pay.

                    b) Other transactions with KMP and their personally-related entities
                    The Company entered into transactions which are insignificant in amount with KMP and their related parties within
                    normal employee, customer, or supplier relationships on terms and conditions no more favourable than those available
                    in similar arm’s length dealings, which include payments of salaries and benefits and purchase of Company products.
                    Some directors of the Company are also directors of public companies which have transactions with the Company.
                    The relevant directors do not believe they have the individual capacity to control or significantly influence the financial
                    policies of those companies. The companies are therefore not considered to be related parties for the purpose of the
                    disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

                    c) Prior years’ equity arrangements
                    This section summarises all outstanding equity arrangements for executives, as reported in previous
                    remuneration reports.
                    The below equity plans have no exercise price and the minimum total value of the grant is zero. The maximum value
                    is the number of awards granted multiplied by the share price at vesting.

                    Table 6.1: Prior years’ Restricted Equity
                                                                                                                  Face value             Fair value
                                                                                                                at allocation         at allocation
                                                     Instrument                                                         date 1                 date2
                    Executive        Plan            type               Allocation date            Number                 ($)                   ($)        Vesting date

                    TM Ford          F21 LTIP        Performance        23 November 2020           255,940          2,624,997             2,125,582        30 June 2023
                                                     Rights

                    MJ Young         F21 LTIP        Performance        23 November 2020             139,231         1,427,996             1,156,313       30 June 2023
                                                     Rights
                    SR Boxer         F21 LTIP        Performance        23 November 2020             98,719          1,012,492              819,861        30 June 2023
                                                     Rights

                    1. The value of F21 LTIP awards at allocation date is calculated based on the 90-day VWAP up to and including 30 June 2020 ($10.2563 per share).
                       The vesting schedule is provided in Table 6.2.
                    2. This LTIP value is calculated using the valuation method detailed in Note 21 of the Financial Statements. All other plans are based on face value.



                    Table 6.2: F21 LTIP vesting schedules

                    Relative TSR vesting        Relative TSR ranking                    % of Performance Rights subject
                    schedule                                                            to relative TSR measure which vest
                                                Below 50th percentile                   0%
                                                50th to 60th percentile                 35%-70%
                                                60th to 75th percentile                 70%-100%
                                                At or above 75th percentile             100%

                    ROCE baseline               ROCE percentage                         ROCE result                              % of Performance Rights subject
                    10.6% (F20)                 points growth                                                                    to ROCE measure which vest
                                                Less than 3.0                           Less than 13.6%                          0%
                                                3.0 to 3.6                              13.6% to 14.2%                           35%-75%
                                                3.6 to 5.1                              14.2% to 15.7%                           75%-100%
                                                At or above 5.1                         At or above 15.7%                        100%




                    72 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    d) Definitions

                    Term                       Definition

                    Constant currency          An exchange rate that eliminates the effects of exchange rate fluctuations year-on-year.




For personal use only
                    Earnings per share (EPS)   NPAT excluding SGARA and material items, divided by the weighted average number of shares.
                                               Adjusted EPS is used to calculate performance outcomes, meaning that the Board retains the
                                               discretion to adjust EPS to ensure that participants are not penalised or provided with a windfall
                                               gain arising from material, non-recurring items.
                    EBITDAS                    Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, material items and SGARA.
                    EBITS                      Earnings before interest, tax, SGARA and material items.
                    EBITS Margin               EBITS divided by Net sales revenue.
                    Key management             Those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major
                    personnel (KMP)            activities of the Company and the Group, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether
                                               executive or otherwise) as listed in the introduction to the Remuneration Report.
                    Phantom shares             Units which provide the participant with a right to receive a cash payment at the vesting date,
                                               whereby the payment is tied to the market value of an equivalent number of TWE shares.
                                               The amount of the payout will increase as the share price rises, and decrease if the share price falls,
                                               but without the participant actually receiving any TWE shares.
                    Relative total             The return on investment of a company relative to a peer group of companies.
                    shareholder return (TSR)
                    Restricted Equity (RE)     Rights or shares granted by TWE that vest upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, such as
                                               continued employment for a period of time or the achievement of particular performance
                                               milestones. The plan participant cannot deal in the equity until it vests and the restriction is lifted.
                    Return on capital          EBITS divided by capital employed (at constant currency). Capital employed is the sum of average
                    employed (ROCE)            net assets (adjusted for SGARA impact) and average net debt.
                    Self-generating and        SGARA represents the difference between the fair value of harvest (as determined under AASB 141
                    regenerating assets        Agriculture) and the cost of harvest. The fair value gain or loss is excluded from management EBITS so
                    (SGARA)                    that earnings can be assessed based on the cost of harvest, rather than their fair value. This approach
                                               results in a better reflection of the true nature of TWE’s consumer-branded and FMCG business and
                                               improved comparability with domestic and global peers.
                    Total shareholder          Total return on investment of a security, taking into account both capital appreciation and distributed
                    return (TSR)               income that was reinvested.




                                                                                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 73
                    Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                    comprehensive income
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                       2022          2021
                                                                                                         Note           $m            $m

                    Revenue                                                                                 3       2,531.8       2,683.9




For personal use only
                    Cost of sales                                                                                  (1,488.5)      (1,659.2)
                    Gross profit                                                                                    1,043.3        1,024.7

                    Selling expenses                                                                                 (235.2)       (246.6)
                    Marketing expenses                                                                               (136.2)        (131.5)
                    Administration expenses                                                                          (148.9)       (159.8)
                    Other income/(expenses)                                                                           (78.7)        (55.6)
                    Profit before tax and finance costs                                                              444.3          431.2

                    Finance income                                                                                     51.5          33.4
                    Finance costs                                                                                    (122.9)       (106.9)
                    Net finance costs                                                                                 (71.4)        (73.5)
                    Profit before tax                                                                                 372.9         357.7

                    Income tax expense                                                                    23         (109.7)        (107.7)
                    Net profit                                                                                       263.2          250.0
                    Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 –               –
                    Net profit attributable to members of Treasury Wine Estates Limited                              263.2          250.0

                    Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                    Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss
                    Cash flow hedges                                                                                   59.3           10.9
                    Tax on cash flow hedges                                                                           (16.6)          (2.7)
                    Exchange gain/(loss) on translation of foreign operations                                         94.6         (109.0)
                    Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                                        137.3        (100.8)

                    Total comprehensive income for the year attributable
                    to members of Treasury Wine Estates Limited                                                      400.5          149.2
                    Non-controlling interests                                                                            –               –
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                          400.5          149.2

                                                                                                                      Cents         Cents
                                                                                                                  per share     per share
                    Earnings per share for profit attributable to the
                    ordinary equity holders of the Company
                    Basic                                                                                   7         36.5           34.7
                    Diluted                                                                                 7          36.3          34.6

                    The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.




                    74 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Consolidated statement of financial position
                    As at 30 June 2022



                                                                                                                        2022            2021
                                                                                                         Note            $m              $m

                    Current assets




For personal use only
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                               9         430.5            448.1
                    Receivables                                                                             9         564.4            621.3
                    Inventories                                                                             9          947.9          839.7
                    Assets held for sale                                                                   14           35.6           140.2
                    Other current assets                                                                                 11.3            8.0
                    Total current assets                                                                             1,989.7         2,057.3

                    Non-current assets
                    Inventories                                                                             9        1,063.6         1,056.8
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                          10         1,521.5        1,322.5
                    Right-of-use assets                                                                     11        435.3           448.4
                    Agricultural assets                                                                    12           32.9            33.8
                    Intangible assets                                                                      13        1,399.8          1,155.5
                    Deferred tax assets                                                                    23          163.5           183.7
                    Other non-current assets                                                                            57.4            26.2
                    Total non-current assets                                                                         4,674.0        4,226.9
                    Total assets                                                                                     6,663.7        6,284.2

                    Current liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                                                9          747.2          703.6
                    Current tax liabilities                                                                              8.5             21.1
                    Provisions                                                                             16           76.3           100.0
                    Borrowings                                                                             18           161.5           53.1
                    Other current liabilities                                                                            9.6             0.7
                    Total current liabilities                                                                         1,003.1         878.5

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Borrowings                                                                             18         1,512.2         1,474.7
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                               23          338.7          309.6
                    Other non-current liabilities                                                                       20.7            30.2
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                                     1,871.6         1,814.5
                    Total liabilities                                                                                2,874.7        2,693.0
                    Net assets                                                                                       3,789.0         3,591.2

                    Equity
                    Contributed equity                                                                     19        3,280.7         3,280.7
                    Reserves                                                                               21           48.7           (88.0)
                    Retained earnings                                                                                 455.5           394.4
                    Total parent entity interest                                                                     3,784.9         3,587.1
                    Non-controlling interests                                                                             4.1             4.1
                    Total equity                                                                                     3,789.0         3,591.2

                    The consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                 TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 75
                    Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022



                                                                                               Foreign
                                                                                             currency                                            Non-
                                                          Contributed        Retained      translation          Other                      controlling     Total
                                                               equity        earnings          reserve       reserves            Total       interests    equity
                                                                  $m              $m               $m             $m              $m               $m       $m




For personal use only
                    Balance at 30 June 20201                   3,269.8           310.2            86.6           (74.6)       3,592.0              4.1   3,596.1

                    Profit for the year                               –          250.0                –              –          250.0               –     250.0
                    Total other comprehensive
                    income/(loss)                                     –               –          (109.0)           8.2          (100.8)             –     (100.8)
                    Total comprehensive income
                    for the year/(loss)                               –          250.0          (109.0)            8.2          149.2               –      149.2

                    Transactions with owners
                    in their capacity as owners
                    directly in equity
                    Share based payment expense                       –               –               –            5.0             5.0              –        5.0
                    Vested deferred shares
                    and share rights                                 3.7              –               –            (4.2)          (0.5)             –       (0.5)
                    Dividends to owners
                    of the Company                                   7.2         (165.9)              –              –          (158.7)             –     (158.7)
                    Balance at 30 June 2021                    3,280.7           394.4           (22.4)          (65.6)        3,587.1             4.1   3,591.2

                    Profit for the year                               –          263.2                –              –          263.2               –     263.2
                    Total other comprehensive
                    income/(loss)                                     –               –           94.6            42.7           137.3              –      137.3
                    Total comprehensive income
                    for the year/(loss)                               –          263.2            94.6            42.7         400.5                –     400.5

                    Transactions with owners
                    in their capacity as owners
                    directly in equity
                    Share based payment expense                       –               –               –            10.4           10.4              –       10.4
                    Vested deferred shares
                    and share rights                                  –               –               –            (11.0)         (11.0)            –       (11.0)
                    Dividends to owners
                    of the Company                                    –          (202.1)              –              –          (202.1)             –     (202.1)
                    Balance at 30 June 2022                    3,280.7           455.5            72.2           (23.5)       3,784.9              4.1   3,789.0

                    The consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    1. Reported results restated due to changes in accounting policies as disclosed in the 30 June 2021 Annual Report.



                    76 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022



                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                        $m              $m
                                                                                                                   inflows/        inflows/
                                                                                                       Note      (outflows)      (outflows)




For personal use only
                    Cash flows from operating activities
                    Receipts from customers                                                                         3,378.3         3,383.7
                    Payments to suppliers, governments and employees                                               (2,653.9)        (2,721.3)
                    Borrowing costs paid                                                                               (5.4)           (6.2)
                    Income taxes paid                                                                                 (95.5)          (118.4)
                    Interest paid (net)                                                                               (61.5)          (66.1)
                    Net cash flows from operating activities                                               8         562.0            471.7

                    Cash flows from investing activities
                    Payments for property, plant, and equipment                                                      (102.4)         (109.9)
                    Payments for intangible assets                                                                     (9.8)           (11.3)
                    Payments for subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                  (439.6)              –
                    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                               143.2            61.8
                    Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                     (408.6)           (59.4)

                    Cash flows from financing activities
                    Dividend payments                                                                                (202.1)         (158.7)
                    Proceeds from borrowings                                                                          335.7           217.4
                    Repayment of borrowings                                                                           (301.1)        (463.2)
                    Purchase of shares – employee equity plans                                                         (17.3)           0.9
                    Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                      (184.8)         (403.6)
                    Total cash flows from activities                                                                  (31.4)            8.7

                    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                            448.1           449.1
                    Effects of exchange rate changes on foreign currency
                    cash flows and cash balances                                                                       13.8            (9.7)
                    Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                           9         430.5            448.1

                    The consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 77
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    About this report
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 1 – ABOUT THIS REPORT                                      Operating assets and liabilities: provides information
                                                                                    regarding the physical assets and non-physical assets
                    Treasury Wine Estates Limited (‘the Company’) is a for profit
                                                                                    used by the Group to generate revenues and profits
                    company incorporated in Australia and limited by shares
                                                                                    (including associated liabilities). This section also explains
                    which are publicly traded on the Australian Securities




For personal use only
                                                                                    the accounting policies applied and specific judgements
                    Exchange (ASX). The consolidated financial statements
                                                                                    and estimates made by management in arriving at the
                    comprise the Company and its controlled entities
                                                                                    value of these assets and operating liabilities.
                    (collectively, ‘the Group’).
                                                                                    Capital structure: provides information about the
                    The accounting policies that are critical to understanding
                                                                                    capital management practices adopted by the Group –
                    the financial statements are set out in this section.
                                                                                    particularly how much capital is raised from shareholders
                    Where an accounting policy is specific to one note,
                                                                                    (equity) and how much is borrowed from financial
                    the policy is described in the note to which it relates.
                                                                                    institutions (debt) in order to finance the activities of the
                    Basis of preparation                                            Group both now and in the future.
                    The consolidated financial statements are general
                                                                                    Taxation: sets out the Group’s tax accounting policies,
                    purpose financial statements prepared in accordance
                                                                                    the current and deferred tax charges, a reconciliation
                    with Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs) adopted
                                                                                    of profit or loss before tax to the tax charge or credit
                    by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB)
                                                                                    and the movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities.
                    and the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated financial
                    statements comply with the International Financial              Risk: discusses the Group’s exposure to various financial
                    Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the International         risks, explains how these affect the financial position
                    Accounting Standards Boards (IASB). They were authorised        of the Group and what is done to manage these risks.
                    for issue by the Board of Directors on 18 August 2022.
                                                                                    Group composition: explains aspects of the Group’s
                    The financial statements are presented in Australian            structure and business acquisitions.
                    dollars with all values rounded to the nearest tenth of
                                                                                    Other: other required disclosures under Australian
                    one million dollars unless otherwise stated, in accordance
                                                                                    Accounting Standards and IFRS.
                    with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’
                    Reports) Instrument 2016/191.
                                                                                     Key estimates and judgements
                    Notes to the financial statements
                    The notes include additional information required to            In preparing this financial report, the Group is required
                    understand the financial statements that is material            to make estimates, judgements and assumptions that
                    and relevant to the operations, financial position and          affect the reported amounts in the financial statements.
                    performance of the Group.
                                                                                    These estimates, judgements and assumptions are
                    Information is considered material and relevant if the          continually evaluated, and are based on forecasts of
                    amount in question is significant because of its size,          economic conditions which reflect expectations and
                    nature or incidence or it helps to explain the impact           assumptions as at 30 June 2022 about future events that
                    of significant changes in the business, for example,            the Directors believe are reasonable in the circumstances.
                    acquisitions and asset write-downs.
                                                                                    The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
                    Line items labelled ‘other’ on the face of the consolidated     complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                    statements comprise miscellaneous income, expenses,             are significant to the financial statements:
                    assets, liabilities or cash flows which individually or
                    in aggregate are not considered material to warrant
                                                                                    Note 3:    Revenue
                    additional disclosures.
                                                                                    Note 9:    Working capital
                    Where applicable, comparative periods have been                 Note 11:   Right-of-use assets
                    adjusted to disclose comparatives on the same basis             Note 12:   Agricultural assets
                    as the current year.                                            Note 13:   Intangible assets
                                                                                    Note 15:   Impairment of non-financial assets
                    The notes are organised into the following sections:            Note 23:   Income tax
                    Earnings: focuses on the financial results and performance      Note 34:   Business acquisitions
                    of the Group. It provides disclosures relating to income,
                    expenses, segment information, material items and
                    earnings per share.
                    Working capital: shows the assets and liabilities generated
                    through trading activity. It provides information regarding
                    working capital management and analysis of the elements
                    of working capital.




                    78 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 1 – ABOUT THIS REPORT (CONTINUED)                          Exchange differences arising are recognised in the
                                                                                    consolidated statement of profit and loss and other
                    Principles of consolidation
                                                                                    comprehensive income, except for gains or losses arising
                    The consolidated financial statements include the
                                                                                    on assets or liabilities that qualify for hedge accounting,
                    assets and liabilities of Treasury Wine Estates Limited




For personal use only
                                                                                    discussed further in note 24.
                    and its controlled entities as a whole at year-end and
                    the consolidated results and cash flows for the year.           Tax charges and credits attributable to these exchange
                    A list of controlled entities (subsidiaries) is provided        differences are also recognised in equity.
                    in note 27.
                                                                                    Average exchange rates used in translating profit and
                    An entity is regarded as a controlled entity when the           loss items in F22 are:
                    Company is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                                                                                    A$1 = US$ 0.726 (F21: US$ 0.747)
                    from its involvement with the entity and has the ability
                                                                                    A$1 = GB£ 0.545 (F21: GB£ 0.555)
                    to affect those returns through power over the entity.
                                                                                    Year-end exchange rates used in translating financial
                    The rights of other investors to the results and equity
                                                                                    position items in F21 are:
                    of the subsidiaries (called non-controlling interests)
                    are shown separately in the consolidated statement              A$1 = US$ 0.688 (F21: US$ 0.751)
                    of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,               A$1 = GB£ 0.568 (F21: GB£ 0.543)
                    consolidated statement of changes in equity and
                                                                                    Fair value measurement
                    consolidated statement of financial position respectively.
                                                                                    The Group measures certain financial instruments,
                    The financial information of the subsidiaries is prepared for   including derivatives, and certain non-financial assets
                    the same reporting period as the parent, using consistent       such as agricultural assets, at fair value at each balance
                    accounting policies. Intra-group balances and transactions      sheet date.
                    arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated.
                                                                                    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an
                    A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without     asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
                    a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.   between market participants in its principal or most
                                                                                    advantageous market at the measurement date. It is
                    Functional and presentation currency                            measured using the assumptions that market participants
                    The consolidated financial statements are presented in          would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming
                    Australian dollars. Each entity in the Group determines         that market participants act in their economic best
                    its own functional currency and items included in the           interest. A fair value measurement of a non-financial
                    financial statements of each entity are measured using          item assumes it is put to its highest and best use.
                    that functional currency. The major functional currencies
                    used throughout the Group include Australian Dollar (AUD),      The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate
                    United States Dollar (USD) and Great British Pound (GBP).       in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
                    Other currencies used include the Canadian Dollar,              is available to measure fair value, maximising the use
                    Euro, New Zealand Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Swedish             of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use
                    Krona, Norwegian Krone, Chinese Renminbi and South              of unobservable inputs.
                    African Rand.
                                                                                    Accounting standards prescribe a fair value hierarchy,
                    Foreign group companies                                         described as follows, based on the lowest level input that
                    As at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of         is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
                    overseas subsidiaries are translated into Australian dollars    Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active
                    at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date        markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                    and the income statement is translated at the average
                    exchange rates for the period. The exchange differences         Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest
                    arising on the translation are recognised in the foreign        level input that is significant to the fair value
                    currency translation reserve within equity.                     measurement is directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly
                                                                                    (i.e. derived by prices) observable.
                    When a foreign operation is sold, the cumulative exchange
                    difference in equity for this operation is recognised in        Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level
                    the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other          input that is significant to the fair value measurement
                    comprehensive income as part of the gain and loss               is unobservable.
                    on sale.
                    Transactions and balances
                    Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded
                    in the functional currency of the relevant entity at the
                    exchange rates ruling at the date of the transaction.
                    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                    currencies are subsequently translated at the rate
                    of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 79
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    About this report
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 2 – SEGMENT INFORMATION
                    The Group’s segments                                           Segment Accounting policies
                    The Group reports segment information on the same              Segment assets and liabilities
                    basis as its internal management reporting structure




For personal use only
                                                                                   Segment assets and liabilities represent those working
                    and consistent with the information used to organise           capital and non-current assets and liabilities which
                    and manage the Group.                                          are located in the respective segments. Cash and
                                                                                   borrowings, other than lease liabilities, are not
                    During the current period, the business structure
                                                                                   considered to be segment assets/liabilities as they
                    was reorganised to reflect the Group’s new divisional
                                                                                   are managed by our centralised treasury function.
                    operating model. To facilitate comparability over
                                                                                   Consistent with the use of EBITS for measuring profit,
                    reporting periods, comparatives have been restated
                                                                                   tax assets and liabilities, which do not contribute
                    to incorporate these changes.
                                                                                   towards EBITS, are not allocated to operating segments.
                    Presentation of segment results
                                                                                   Corporate charges
                    Management EBITS
                                                                                   Unallocated corporate charges are reported in the
                    The principal profit metric for internal management
                                                                                   Corporate/unallocated segment. Net finance costs
                    reporting is Management earnings before interest, tax,
                                                                                   are not allocated to segments as the Group’s financing
                    SGARA and material items (EBITS). Corporate charges
                                                                                   function is centralised through its treasury function.
                    are allocated to each segment on a proportionate
                    basis linked to segment revenue, head count or other           Segment loans payable and loans receivable
                    appropriate driver depending on the nature of the charge.      Segment loans are initially recognised at the amount
                                                                                   transferred. Intersegment loans receivable and
                    SGARA represents the difference between the fair value
                                                                                   payable that earn or incur non-market interest are
                    of harvested grapes (as determined under AASB 141
                                                                                   adjusted to fair value based on market interest rates.
                    Agriculture) and the cost of harvested grapes. The fair
                    value gain or loss is excluded from Management EBITS           Other
                    so that earnings can be assessed based on the cost of          If items of revenue and expense are not allocated
                    harvest, rather than their fair value. This approach results   to operating segments, then any associated assets
                    in a better reflection of the true nature of TWE’s consumer    and liabilities are not allocated to segments either.
                    branded and FMCG business and improved comparability
                    with domestic and global peers. The F22 SGARA loss
                    of $33.9 million includes the impact of a significant
                    reduction in tonnage and yield from the 2021 Californian
                    vintage and in some specific parcels of the 2022
                    Australian vintage, resulting in losses of $32 million.
                    The Group has the following reportable segments:
                    (i) Penfolds
                        This segment is responsible for the manufacturing,
                        sale and marketing of Penfolds wine globally.
                    (ii) Treasury Premium Brands
                        This segment is responsible for the manufacturing,
                        sale and marketing of wine within Australia, Asia,
                        Europe, Middle-East and Africa.
                    (iii) Treasury Americas
                        This segment is responsible for the manufacture,
                        sale and marketing of wine within North American
                        and Latin Americas regions.




                    80 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Earnings
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 2 – SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                        Treasury
                                                        Premium                    Treasury           Total      Unallocated/
                                                          Brands     Penfolds     Americas         segment         corporate       Consolidated




For personal use only
                    2022                                     $m           $m            $m             $m                 $m                $m

                    Total revenue comprises:
                    Net sales revenue                      796.0        717.3        963.4           2,476.7                 –           2,476.7
                    Other revenue                            5.7          4.9          34.6             45.2              9.9               55.1
                    Total segment revenue
                    (excl other income/interest)           801.7        722.2        998.0           2,521.9              9.9           2,531.8

                    Management EBITS                        79.6        319.3         185.6           584.5             (60.8)            523.7
                    SGARA gain/(loss)                       (9.8)        (12.7)        (11.4)          (33.9)                –             (33.9)
                    Material items                           (0.1)       (2.4)        (39.0)            (41.5)            (4.0)            (45.5)
                    Management EBIT                         69.7       304.2          135.2            509.1            (64.8)           444.3
                    Net finance costs                                                                                                      (71.4)
                    Consolidated profit before tax                                                                                        372.9

                    Depreciation of property,
                    plant and equipment and
                    right-of-use assets                     (21.9)      (35.6)        (70.9)          (128.4)            (3.6)           (132.0)
                    Amortisation of intangible assets        (1.8)       (0.0)          (1.9)           (3.7)            (12.9)            (16.6)
                    Assets held for sale                     7.9          4.5          23.2             35.6                –              35.6
                    Capital expenditure (additions)        (35.6)       (45.3)        (20.0)          (100.9)            (11.3)           (112.2)
                    Segment assets                       1,452.8      1,647.2       2,817.2          5,917.2            746.5           6,663.7
                    Segment liabilities                   (288.5)      (236.8)       (801.5)        (1,326.8)         (1,547.9)        (2,874.7)

                                                        Treasury
                                                        Premium                    Treasury           Total      Unallocated/
                                                          Brands     Penfolds     Americas         segment         corporate       Consolidated
                    2021 Restated                            $m           $m            $m             $m                 $m                $m

                    Total revenue comprises:
                    Net sales revenue                      840.7        788.9        940.0           2,569.6              0.0           2,569.6
                    Other revenue                            4.2          3.4         105.7             113.3              1.0             114.3
                    Total segment revenue
                    (excl other income/interest)           844.9        792.3        1045.7          2,682.9               1.0          2,683.9

                    Management EBITS                        62.7       346.2          154.0           562.9             (52.6)             510.3
                    SGARA gain/(loss)                        5.6          5.3           (1.5)            9.4              0.0                9.4
                    Material items                           (4.4)       (14.3)       (67.6)           (86.3)             (2.2)           (88.5)
                    Management EBIT                         63.9        337.2          84.9           486.0             (54.8)             431.2
                    Net finance costs                                                                                                      (73.5)
                    Consolidated profit before tax                                                                                        357.7

                    Depreciation of property,
                    plant and equipment and
                    right-of-use assets                    (24.2)        (33.1)       (73.0)          (130.3)             (4.1)           (134.4)
                    Amortisation of intangible assets        (1.8)       (0.3)         (2.6)             (4.7)            (11.6)           (16.3)
                    Assets held for sale                       –           8.1         132.1           140.2                 –             140.2
                    Capital expenditure (additions)         (20.1)      (83.2)         (16.4)          (119.7)            (9.4)            (129.1)
                    Segment assets                        1,476.0      1,617.6      2,438.9          5,532.5             751.7          6,284.2
                    Segment liabilities                   (295.7)      (237.6)        (791.3)        (1,324.6)        (1,368.4)         (2,693.0)




                                                                                                TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 81
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Earnings
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 2 – SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                    Geographical segments
                    The presentation of geographical net sales revenue is based on the location of the selling entity.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     Net sales revenue
                                                                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                   $m                   $m

                    Australia                                                                                                                   985.4                1,113.2
                    United States of America                                                                                                   1,035.7           1,000.3
                    United Kingdom                                                                                                               345.6             345.5
                    Other geographical locations1                                                                                                 110.0                110.6
                    Total                                                                                                                      2,476.7           2,569.6

                    1. Other than Australia, United States of America and the United Kingdom, sales of other countries are individually less than 10% of the Group’s
                       net sales revenue.


                    The presentation of non-current assets is based on the geographical location of the assets.

                                                                                                                                                   Non-current assets
                                                                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                                                                   $m                   $m

                    Australia                                                                                                                  2,041.2           2,006.5
                    United States of America                                                                                                    2,113.5           1,713.6
                    United Kingdom                                                                                                               146.0               146.4
                    Other geographical locations2                                                                                                154.3               154.0
                    Total geographical non-current assets                                                                                     4,455.0            4,020.5
                    Other non-current assets3                                                                                                    219.0             206.4
                    Consolidated non-current assets                                                                                            4,674.0           4,226.9

                    2. Other than Australia, United States of America and the United Kingdom, non-current assets of other countries are individually less than 10%
                       of the Group’s non-current assets.
                    3. Other non-current assets include financial derivative assets and deferred tax assets.




                    82 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 3 – REVENUE
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                               $m              $m




For personal use only
                    Revenue
                    Net sales revenue1                                                                                      2,476.7        2,569.6
                    Other revenue                                                                                              55.1           114.3
                    Total revenue                                                                                           2,531.8        2,683.9

                    1. Net sales revenue is net of trade discounts and volume rebates.


                    Net sales revenue – types of products
                    The Group generates revenue through the sale of branded wines, principally as a finished, bottled product. The Group’s
                    wine portfolio includes some of the world’s leading luxury, premium and commercial wine brands such as Penfolds,
                    Beringer, Lindeman’s, Wolf Blass, 19 Crimes, Beaulieu Vineyard, Sterling Vineyards and Stags’ Leap.
                    The Group distributes wine to a range of customers across the world, with routes to market tailored by country.
                    Depending on the geography, wine is sold to distributors, wholesalers, direct to national retail chains, independent
                    retailers and on-premise outlets. The Group also has some sales direct to the consumer.
                    Other revenue
                    Other revenue of the Group includes contract bottling services to third parties, sub-lease income and grape and bulk
                    wine sales.
                    In F22 other revenue includes $15.4 million (F21: $14.8 million) of insurance income in relation to damage caused by
                    wildfires in the Americas.
                    Sales approach
                    For F22, the Group had one major customer in Treasury Americas whose revenues represented 11.4% (F21: 8.7%) of reported
                    net sales revenue, and one major customer in Treasury Premium Brands and Penfolds whose revenue represented 7.6%
                    (F21: 8.1%) of reported net sales revenue.
                    Financing components
                    The Group does not have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised product or services
                    to the customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. Consequently, the Group does not adjust any of the
                    transaction prices for the time value of money.


                        Accounting policies
                        Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts
                        collected on behalf of third parties. The Group’s contracts with customers generally include one performance obligation.
                        Revenue from the sale of products or services is recognised at the point in time when control over a product or service
                        is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery. Revenue is recorded net of sales discounts and rebates, duties
                        and taxes. Payment terms vary by customer. The following specific criteria are also applied:
                        Wine
                        Revenue is recognised in a manner that depicts transfer of control of goods to customers at the amount that reflects
                        the consideration the business expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Sales to national retail chains,
                        domestic distributors, independent retailers and on-premise outlets are usually recognised when goods are delivered.
                        Sales to international customers are recognised based on the international commercial terms the goods are shipped
                        under, but typically when goods are despatched. This is also the case for some national retail chains that manage
                        their own distribution networks.
                        Bottling services
                        Revenue is recognised when the relevant service has been completed.



                        Key estimate and judgement:

                    Trade discounts and volume rebates
                    Products are often sold with volume discounts and other rebates. Sales are recorded based on the consideration
                    specified in the sales contracts or terms, net of the estimated discount or rebate at the time of sale. These discounts or
                    rebates are considered variable consideration and are accounted for in determining the transaction price of a contract.
                    The method used by the Group to estimate discounts and rebates is the most likely amount. Accumulated experience is
                    used to estimate and provide for the discounts and rebates based on anticipated purchases and depletions.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 83
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Earnings
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 4 – OTHER EARNINGS DISCLOSURES
                                                                                                                          2022      2021
                                                                                                                           $m        $m




For personal use only
                    Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                                    (0.6)      1.9
                    Salaries and wages expense                                                                           (342.8)   (337.7)
                    Costs associated with cloud computing arrangements                                                     (7.2)     (6.6)
                    Share based payments expense                                                                          (10.4)     (5.0)

                    Items recognised as material items – refer note 5
                    Restructuring and redundancy costs                                                                     (9.0)   (30.9)
                    (Write-down)/reversal of write-down of assets                                                          (3.2)   (95.8)
                    Net profit/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                            (20.5)    38.2
                    Transaction and integration costs                                                                     (12.8)       –

                    Other items
                    Restructuring and redundancy costs                                                                     (0.5)     (1.9)
                    (Write-down)/reversal of write-down of assets                                                            –      (54.1)
                    Insurance income                                                                                       15.4     62.4
                    Net profit on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                     0.9       1.4
                    Total other gains and (losses)                                                                        (29.7)   (80.7)



                        Accounting policies
                        Employee benefits
                        Employee benefits include wages, salaries, annual leave, bonuses, non-monetary benefits and share based
                        payment expenses. Further details of Group policy on measuring employee benefits are set out in note 16.
                        Superannuation
                        Employees are members of defined contribution superannuation schemes. Superannuation contributions
                        are recognised as an expense when they are due and payable.
                        Property, plant and equipment income
                        Revenue from the sale of property, plant and equipment is recognised when an executed contract
                        becomes unconditional.
                        Other income
                        Revenue is recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant agreements.
                        Insurance income
                        Revenue is recognised when recovery is virtually certain.




                    84 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 5 – MATERIAL ITEMS
                    The following individually material items are included within the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                    comprehensive income.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                               $m              $m

                    Individually material items included in profit before income tax:
                    Divestment of US brands and assets
                        Restructuring and redundancy (costs)                                                                   (0.4)          (11.3)
                        (Write-down)/reversal of write-down of intangible assets                                               (5.3)         (64.3)
                        (Write-down)/reversal of write-down of assets held for sale                                              –            (6.6)
                        (Write-down)/reversal of inventory                                                                       –            (11.0)
                        (Write-down)/reversal of leased assets                                                                   –             (7.3)
                        Net profit/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                            (20.5)          38.2
                    South Australian luxury winery expansion
                        Restructuring and redundancy (costs)                                                                   (4.5)              (1.2)
                        (Write-down)/reversal of write-down of assets                                                           2.1           (6.6)
                    Overhead and supply chain restructure
                        Restructuring and redundancy (costs)                                                                   (4.1)          (18.4)
                    Acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards
                        Transaction and integration (costs)                                                                   (12.8)                –
                    Total material items (before tax)                                                                         (45.5)         (88.5)
                    Tax effect of material items                                                                               10.5           22.4
                    Total material items (after tax)                                                                          (35.0)          (66.1)


                    In F22, material items reflect costs relating to the acquisition of Frank Family Vineyards in the Americas, the restructure
                    and review of commercial operations and assets in the Americas, the costs pertaining to the long-term investment in
                    Luxury winemaking infrastructure in South Australia, and costs relating to the Group’s overhead and supply chain
                    restructure.
                    In F21, material items reflect the restructure and review of commercial operations and assets in the Americas, the costs
                    pertaining to the long-term investment in Luxury winemaking infrastructure in South Australia, and costs relating to the
                    Group’s overhead and supply chain restructure.


                        Material items
                        Material items are defined as those items of income or expense which have been determined as being sufficiently
                        significant by their size, nature or incidence and are disclosed separately to assist in understanding the Group’s
                        financial performance.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 85
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Earnings
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 6 – DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                                                                                  $m                $m




For personal use only
                    Dividends declared and paid on ordinary shares
                    Final dividend for 2021 of 13.0 cents per share, 100% franked
                    (2020: 8.0 cents per share, 100% franked)A                                                                                   93.8               57.7
                    Interim dividend for F22 of 15.0 cents per share 100% franked
                    (F21: 15.0 cents per share – 100% franked)B                                                                                  108.3             108.2
                                                                                                                                                 202.1             165.9
                    Dividends approved after balance date
                    Since the end of the financial year, the Directors approved a final dividend
                    of 16.0 cents per share (F21: 13.0 cents) 100% franked (F21: 100% franked).
                    This dividend has not been recognised as a liability in the consolidated
                    financial statements at year-end.                                                                                            115.5             93.8

                    A The F21 final dividend includes an amount of $4.0 million (F20 final dividend: $2.6 million) for shares issued under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                      which were fulfilled by on market share purchase.
                    B The F22 interim dividend includes an amount of $5.0 million (F21 interim dividend: $4.6 million) for shares issued under the Dividend Reinvestment
                      Plan which were fulfilled by on market share purchase.


                    Details in relation to franking credits are included in note 23.



                    NOTE 7 – EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                                                                            cents per         cents per
                                                                                                                                               share             share

                    Basic EPS
                    Basic EPS (cents) based on net profit attributable to members
                    of Treasury Wine Estates Limited                                                                                              36.5              34.7

                    Diluted EPS
                    Diluted EPS (cents) based on net profit attributable to members
                    of Treasury Wine Estates Limited                                                                                              36.3             34.6

                                                                                                                                             Number            Number

                    Weighted average number of shares
                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue
                    used in the calculation of basic EPS (in thousands)                                                                       721,848           721,406
                    Effect of potentially dilutive securities
                    Deferred shares (in thousands)                                                                                              3,233              1,947
                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue
                    used in the calculation of diluted EPS (in thousands)                                                                     725,081           723,353

                    Earnings reconciliation
                    Basic and diluted EPS                                                                                                          $m               $m

                    Net profit                                                                                                                  263.2             250.0
                    Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                             –                 –
                    Net profit attributable to members of Treasury Wine Estates Limited
                    used in calculating basic and diluted EPS                                                                                   263.2             250.0




                    86 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 7 – EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)


                        Calculation of earnings per share




For personal use only
                        Earnings per share (EPS) is the amount of post-tax profit attributable to each share.
                        Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the net profit after income tax attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted
                        average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
                        Diluted EPS is determined by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders after tax by the weighted average
                        number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares
                        in the employee Long-Term Incentive Plan and Restricted Equity Plan (see note 22).




                    NOTE 8 – NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                                   2022            2021
                                                                                                                                    $m              $m

                    Reconciliation of net cash flows from operating activities to profit after income tax
                        Profit for the year                                                                                       263.2           250.0
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                             148.6           150.7
                        SGARA (gain)/loss                                                                                          33.9            (9.4)
                        Write-down/(reversal of write-down) of assets                                                               3.2            92.9
                        Net (profit)/loss on disposal of non-current assets                                                          9.1          (39.6)
                        Share based payments expense                                                                                10.4            5.0
                        Other                                                                                                        1.8            (2.4)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities before change in assets and liabilities                             470.2           447.2

                    Change in working capital and tax balances, net of effects from
                    acquisition/disposal of controlled entities
                        Receivables                                                                                                88.7             4.8
                        Inventories                                                                                                (21.7)         (22.7)
                        Derivative financial assets/liabilities                                                                     (4.6)           4.5
                        Payables                                                                                                   43.2             9.2
                        Net tax balances                                                                                            14.3           (10.7)
                        Provisions                                                                                                 (28.1)          39.4
                    Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                      562.0            471.7




                                                                                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 87
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Working capital
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 9 – WORKING CAPITAL
                                                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m




For personal use only
                    Current
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 430.5              448.1
                    Receivables (a)                                                                                           564.4              621.3
                    Inventories (b)                                                                                           947.9              839.7
                    Trade and other payables                                                                                  (747.2)        (703.6)
                    Total current                                                                                            1,195.6         1,205.5

                    Non-current
                    Inventories (b)                                                                                          1,063.6        1,056.8
                    Total non-current                                                                                        1,063.6        1,056.8


                    (a) Receivables
                                                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m

                    Current
                    Trade receivables                                                                                         427.2              487.1
                    Allowance for expected credit loss                                                                          (7.3)             (9.5)
                    Other receivables                                                                                          95.2              107.4
                    Prepayments                                                                                                49.3               36.3
                    Total current receivables                                                                                 564.4              621.3


                    (b) Inventories
                                                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m

                    Current
                    Raw materials and stores                                                                                   60.8               48.1
                    Work in progress                                                                                          345.0           348.9
                    Finished goods                                                                                             542.1             442.7
                    Total current inventories                                                                                 947.9              839.7

                    Non-current
                    Work in progress                                                                                           815.5             747.6
                    Finished goods                                                                                             248.1             309.2
                    Total non-current inventories                                                                            1,063.6        1,056.8

                    Total inventories                                                                                        2,011.5        1,896.5


                    Inventories of wine stocks are classified between current and non-current based on sales projections for the ensuing
                    year. Inventories recognised as an expense during the year and included in cost of sales amounted to $1,402.9 million
                    (F21: $1,397.5 million).
                    In F22, the write-down of inventories to net realisable value amounted to $22.8 million (F21: $63.7 million). Reversals of
                    write-downs amounted to nil (F21: $1.0 million). These amounts are included in cost of sales.




                    88 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 9 – WORKING CAPITAL (CONTINUED)


                        Accounting policies




For personal use only
                        Cash and cash equivalents
                        Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, cash in transit, short-term
                        deposits and investments with maturities of three months or less.
                        Cash assets and cash liabilities are offset and presented as a net amount in the consolidated statement of financial
                        position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset or intent to settle on a net basis.
                        For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are disclosed net
                        of outstanding bank overdrafts.
                        Receivables
                        Trade receivables are initially recognised at invoice value (fair value) and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
                        less an allowance for expected credit losses.
                        Credit terms are generally between 30 – 120 days depending on the nature of the transaction. For trade receivables,
                        the Group applies the simplified approach for expected credit losses, which requires expected lifetime losses to be
                        recognised from initial recognition of receivables. Expected credit losses are calculated by utilising a provision matrix
                        where loss rates are calculated based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have
                        similar loss patterns (for example geography, product type and rating). The provision matrix is initially determined
                        by the Group’s historical observed loss rates and calibrated for forward looking information. Loss rates will be updated
                        at each reporting date based on changes in observed default rates and changes in forward looking information.
                        Inventories
                        Inventories are valued at the lower of their cost (using weighted average or FIFO basis) or estimated net realisable
                        value.
                        The cost of raw materials is their purchase price or, in the case of grapes sourced from Group owned vineyards,
                        fair value (see note 12 for further details). The cost of manufactured goods is determined on a consistent basis and
                        is made up of the raw materials and direct labour used in manufacture. It also includes other direct costs and related
                        production overheads based on normal operating capacity.
                        Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs
                        of completion and estimated costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.
                        Trade and other payables
                        Trade and other payables including accruals are recorded when the Group is required to make future payments
                        as a result of purchases of goods or services. Trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost.



                        Key estimates and judgements:

                    Trade discounts and volume rebates
                    Key estimates relate to the amount accrued for discounts and rebates. Products are often sold with trade discounts
                    and volume rebates. Sales are recorded based on the price specified in the sales contracts or terms, net of the estimated
                    discount or rebate at the time of sale. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and provide for the discounts and
                    rebates based on anticipated purchases and depletions.
                    Net realisable value of inventory
                    The period over which some wine inventories are converted from raw materials to finished goods can be a significant
                    length of time. Failure to forecast demand effectively may result in excess inventories or missed revenue opportunities.
                    Forecast demand and market prices can vary significantly over the holding period up to the likely date of sale.
                    Estimating the most likely conditions at the expected point of sale is therefore more challenging over the longer term.
                    Non-current inventory is $1,063.6 million (F21: $1,056.8 million) and its estimated selling price is therefore a key estimate.




                                                                                                         TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 89
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 10 – PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                               Freehold           Leasehold             Plant and
                                                             Land              buildings           buildings           equipment                       Total




For personal use only
                                                   2022      2021      2022        2021       2022     2021        2022        2021         2022       2021
                                                    $m        $m        $m          $m         $m       $m          $m          $m           $m         $m

                    Cost                          442.8     347.2     540.2       483.3       43.8     39.6      1,867.7     1,709.7     2,894.5     2,579.8
                    Projects in Progress              –         –          –          –          –         –        91.4       163.1         91.4      163.1
                    Accumulated
                    depreciation
                    and impairment                 (39.4)    (41.6)   (238.9)     (222.7)     (27.6)   (23.8)    (1,158.5)   (1,132.3)   (1,464.4) (1,420.4)
                    Carrying amount
                    at end of year                403.4     305.6      301.3      260.6       16.2      15.8      800.6       740.5       1,521.5    1,322.5

                    Reconciliations
                    Carrying amount
                    at start of year              305.6     339.9      260.6      253.3       15.8      20.7      740.5       783.5       1,322.5    1,397.4
                    Additions                       6.5         –       10.2        34.1        1.2      2.0       84.5         81.7       102.4        117.8
                    Business acquisition           94.3         –       32.9          –          –         –        23.9           –        151.1          –
                    (Transfer to)/from
                    Assets held for sale            (6.8)    (20.7)        –        (8.3)        –         –        (5.3)     (20.2)        (12.1)     (49.2)
                    (Transfer to)/from
                    other asset classes               –         –          –          –          –         –         8.0           –         8.0           –
                    Disposals                       (9.0)     (0.5)     (4.2)         –          –         –        (12.7)       (1.8)     (25.9)       (2.3)
                    (Write-downs)/
                    write-downs reversal              –       (0.1)        –        (0.4)        –      (2.8)          –        (4.5)          –        (7.8)
                    Depreciation expense              –         –       (8.7)       (7.9)      (1.9)    (2.3)      (65.7)      (67.2)       (76.3)     (77.4)
                    Foreign currency
                    translation                     12.8     (13.0)     10.5       (10.2)       1.1      (1.8)      27.4       (31.0)        51.8      (56.0)
                    Carrying amount
                    at end of year                403.4     305.6      301.3      260.6       16.2      15.8      800.6       740.5       1,521.5    1,322.5


                    Included within plant and equipment are ‘Projects in Progress’ of $91.4 million (F21: $163.1 million), which are assets under
                    construction and therefore not yet depreciated. The cost of construction includes the cost of materials used in construction,
                    direct labour on the project, and an allocation of overheads. The Group recognised nil write-downs (F21: $7.8 million
                    write-downs) for property, plant and equipment during the year.


                        Accounting policies
                        Property, plant and equipment is initially recorded at cost and then reduced by accumulated depreciation and any
                        impairment losses.
                        Plant and equipment is depreciated so that the assets are written down to their residual value over their useful lives,
                        using a reducing balance or straight-line method depending on the nature of the asset. Assets that relate to leases
                        are written-off over the period of the lease or useful life, whichever is the shorter. Residual values, useful lives and
                        amortisation methods are reviewed annually and adjusted when required.
                        Depreciation expense is included in ‘costs of sales’, ‘selling expenses’ and ‘administration expenses’ in the consolidated
                        statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        The depreciation rates used for each class of asset are as follows:
                        Freehold buildings          1.5% – 10.0%
                        Leasehold buildings         10.0% – 20.0%
                        Plant and equipment         3.3% – 40.0%
                        Costs incurred in maintaining agricultural assets are recognised as an expense as incurred.
                        Derecognition and disposal
                        When an asset is sold, scrapped or is no longer of use to the business it is derecognised. Any gain or loss arising
                        on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds and the carrying amount
                        of the asset) is recorded in the period the asset is derecognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                        and other comprehensive income.




                    90 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 10 – PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                    Vineyard resources
                                                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                                                  hectares          hectares




For personal use only
                    Australia                                                                                                        7,857             8,762
                    United States                                                                                                    2,702             3,200
                    New Zealand                                                                                                       505               498
                    Italy                                                                                                             154                166
                    France                                                                                                             90                60
                                                                                                                                    11,308            12,686


                    The area under vine shown above:
                    • Includes 3,000 hectares (F21: 3,111 hectares) under direct leasing arrangements and 10 hectares (F21: 10 hectares)
                      of olive groves in Tuscany, a region of Italy.
                    • Yielded 90,002 tonnes of grapes (F21: 110,701 tonnes).
                    Harvests generally occur in September – October in the Northern Hemisphere and February – May in the
                    Southern Hemisphere.



                    NOTE 11 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                    The Group has leases for vineyards, buildings, equipment and motor vehicles. The Group’s lease arrangements have
                    durations up to 25 years but may have extension options as described in (d) below.
                    The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and
                    short-term leases, including IT equipment and oak barrels. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with
                    these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                    (a) Right-of-use assets
                                                                                           Leasehold                 Plant and
                                                                      Land                  buildings               equipment                          Total
                                                           2022        2021      2022           2021        2022          2021           2022           2021
                                                            $m          $m        $m             $m          $m            $m             $m             $m

                    Cost                                  483.9       461.3     259.2          245.7        39.4          36.7          782.5          743.7
                    Accumulated depreciation
                    and impairment                       (209.0)      (183.0)    (116.1)        (90.4)      (22.1)        (21.9)        (347.2)       (295.3)
                    Carrying amount at end of year        274.9       278.3      143.1          155.3        17.3         14.8          435.3         448.4

                    Reconciliations
                    Carrying amount at start of year      278.3       324.3      155.3          173.2        14.8         19.5          448.4          517.0
                    Additions                                5.8        5.8        2.3          24.6         9.5            5.1              17.6       35.5
                    Disposals                               (4.2)         –          -          (12.9)         -             –            (4.2)         (12.9)
                    Depreciation and
                    impairment expense                     (26.3)      (26.1)    (21.9)         (22.5)       (7.5)        (8.4)          (55.7)        (57.0)
                    Foreign currency translation            21.3       (25.7)      7.4            (7.1)      0.5           (1.4)         29.2          (34.2)
                    Carrying amount at end of year        274.9       278.3      143.1          155.3        17.3         14.8          435.3         448.4




                                                                                                          TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 91
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 11 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                    (b) Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                                                                  $m                $m




For personal use only
                    Variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                                                    145.1         155.5
                    Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                        32.5              34.4
                    Expenses relating to low-value leases, excluding short-term leases of low-value items                        47.7              36.6
                    Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                         0.1              0.1


                    (c) Amounts recognised in statement of cash flows
                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                                                                  $m                $m

                    Total cash out flow for lease liabilities                                                                    86.1              87.2


                    (d) Extension options
                    Some property and vineyard leases contain extension options exercisable by the Group up to the end of the non-
                    cancellable contract period. These options are used to provide operational flexibility across the Group. The extension
                    options held are exercisable only by the Group and not the lessors. The Group has estimated that the potential future
                    lease payments, should it exercise the extension option, would result in an increased lease liability of $869.0 million
                    (F21: $798.8 million).
                    (e) Variable lease payments
                    Certain contractual arrangements may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are
                    distinct elements of a contract that are not related to securing the use of the leased asset, such as inventory, common
                    area maintenance, and other management costs. The Group has elected to measure the amount disclosed in relation
                    to variable leases for these arrangements by combining the lease and non-lease components.
                    Certain leases include variable lease payments, including payments that depend on an index or rate, as well as variable
                    payments for items such as grapes, labour, property taxes, insurance, maintenance, and other operating expenses
                    associated with leased assets. Certain grape purchasing arrangements include variable payments based on actual
                    tonnage and price of grapes that will vary depending on certain factors, including weather, time of harvest, overall market
                    conditions, and the agricultural practices and location of the vineyard. Such variable lease payments are excluded from
                    the calculation of the right-of-use asset and are recognised in the period in which the obligation is incurred.


                        Accounting policies
                        At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
                        a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                        consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group
                        uses the definition of a lease in AASB 16 Leases.
                        The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
                        asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
                        payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs
                        to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                        less any lease incentives received.
                        The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date
                        to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end
                        of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that
                        case the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on
                        the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced
                        by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
                        The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                        commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
                        determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
                        The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing
                        sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.




                    92 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 11 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)


                        Accounting policies (continued)




For personal use only
                        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:
                        • fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
                        • variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                          commencement date;
                        • amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
                        • the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments
                          in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties
                          for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.
                        The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when
                        there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the
                        Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes
                        its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised
                        in-substance fixed lease payment.
                        When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
                        of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been
                        reduced to zero.
                        The Group presents right-of-use assets as ‘right-of-use assets’ and lease liabilities in ‘borrowings’ in the consolidated
                        statement of financial position.
                        Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                        The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and
                        short-term leases, including IT equipment and oak barrels. The Group recognises the lease payments associated
                        with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.



                        Key estimate and judgement:

                    Right-of-use assets
                    The Group has applied judgement in determining the interest rates used in the discount rate and in determining the term
                    of a lease, which is based on the likelihood of the Group’s ability to renew the lease and having regard for terms
                    equivalent to those that currently exit.




                                                                                                         TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 93
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 12 – AGRICULTURAL ASSETS
                                                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m




For personal use only
                    Agricultural assets                                                                                          32.9              33.8
                    Total agricultural assets                                                                                    32.9              33.8

                    Reconciliations
                    Carrying amount at start of year                                                                             33.8              34.1
                    Fair value increase                                                                                          30.8              36.0
                    Transfers to inventory                                                                                      (33.8)             (34.1)
                    Foreign currency translation                                                                                   2.1             (2.2)
                    Carrying amount at end of year                                                                               32.9              33.8


                    Grape growing and sourcing
                    The Group has a variety of sources of fruit including owned and leased vineyards, contracted growers and the bulk
                    wine market.
                    This approach provides flexibility through the economic cycle and assists with managing the risks arising from agricultural
                    factors beyond the Group’s control such as pests, disease and extreme weather conditions.
                    The Group’s owned vineyards ensure access to super premium fruit from key viticultural regions including the Barossa
                    Valley and Coonawarra in Australia, Marlborough in New Zealand and the Napa Valley in California. These vineyards
                    contribute to some of the Group’s most prestigious wines.


                        Accounting policies
                        The agricultural assets of the Group (i.e. grapes) are measured at their fair value, less estimated point of sale costs.
                        The fair value adjustment during the year is recognised within ‘Other expenses’ in the consolidated statement of profit
                        or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        Harvested grapes are transferred to inventory initially at fair value and are then subsequently accounted for in the cost
                        of inventory (see note 9).
                        Fair value determination
                        The valuations of agricultural assets are Level 2 fair value measurements under the Group’s accounting policy
                        (see note 1), with the principal inputs being:
                        Grapes prior to harvest
                        Estimated based on the expected yields per hectare, estimated harvest costs and the anticipated market price
                        of grapes.
                        Harvested grapes
                        Determined by reference to the weighted district average of grape prices for each region for the current vintage.
                        Prices vary with the grade quality of grapes produced in each region.



                        Key estimate and judgement:

                    Fair value of grapes
                    Key to estimating the value of grapes is the following:
                    • Yield estimates;
                    • The estimated harvest costs;
                    • Market prices for grapes; or
                    • The quality of grapes, including the impacts on harvested grapes of weather, agricultural practices and location
                      of the vineyard.




                    94 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 13 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                          Brand names             IT development
                                                                           and licences                     costs                       Goodwill                    Total




For personal use only
                                                                        2022         2021         2022           2021           2022        2021        2022         2021
                                                                         $m           $m           $m             $m             $m          $m          $m           $m

                    Cost                                             1,605.0       1,368.5       130.5           117.2         963.6       898.3      2,699.1     2,384.0
                    Projects in progress at cost                            –           –          10.1          20.8              –           –         10.1        20.8
                    Accumulated amortisation
                    and impairment                                    (582.5)      (543.2)      (100.3)         (85.3)        (626.6)     (620.8)    (1,309.4)    (1,249.3)
                    Carrying amount at end of year                   1,022.5        825.3         40.3           52.7          337.0       277.5      1,399.8      1,155.5

                    Reconciliations
                    Carrying amount at start of year1                  825.3        952.4         52.7           58.4          277.5       283.3      1,155.5      1,294.1
                    Additions                                               –         0.5              9.8        10.8             –           –         9.8          11.3
                    Business acquisitions                               160.1           –               –            –          58.2           –        218.3           –
                    Disposal                                             (0.8)          –               –            –             –           –         (0.8)       (0.8)
                    (Transfers to)/from other asset classes                 –        (21.5)        (8.0)             –             –           –         (8.0)       (21.5)
                    Amortisation and impairment expense                  (2.1)      (65.8)        (14.5)          (15.1)        (5.3)          –        (21.9)      (80.9)
                    Foreign currency translation                          40        (40.3)             0.3        (1.4)          6.6        (5.8)       46.9         (47.5)
                    Carrying amount at end of year                   1,022.5        825.3         40.3           52.7          337.0       277.5      1,399.8      1,155.5


                    Goodwill is allocated to the Cash Generating Units (CGUs) or group of CGUs (see note 15 for further details) that are
                    expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. The allocation of intangible assets (other than IT development
                    costs) is as follows:

                                                                             Treasury
                                                                       Premium Brands                        Penfolds        Treasury Americas                      Total
                                                                                 Restated1                   Restated1                  Restated1                Restated1
                                                                        2022         2021         2022           2021           2022        2021        2022         2021
                                                                         $m           $m           $m             $m             $m          $m          $m           $m

                    Goodwill
                    Carrying amount at start of year                    115.4        114.8        90.4           90.4            71.7        78.1      277.5        283.3
                    Business acquisitions                                   –           –              0.8           –          57.4           –        58.2            –
                    Impairment                                              –           –               –            –          (5.3)          –         (5.3)          –
                    Foreign currency translation                         (0.9)        0.6          (0.1)             –            7.6       (6.4)        6.6         (5.8)
                    Carrying amount at end of year                      114.5        115.4         91.1          90.4           131.4        71.7      337.0        277.5

                    Brand names and licences
                    Carrying amount at start of year                   265.8        267.2         221.2         220.7          338.3       464.5       825.3        952.4
                    Additions                                               –           –               –         0.5           160.1          –        160.1         0.5
                    Disposal                                            (0.8)           –               –            –             -           –         (0.8)          –
                    Amortisation and impairment expense                  (1.6)        (1.5)             –            –          (0.5)      (64.3)        (2.1)      (65.8)
                    (Transfers to)/from other asset classes                 –           –               –            –             –        (21.5)         –         (21.5)
                    Foreign currency translation                          1.8          0.1             0.1           –           38.1      (40.4)         40        (40.3)
                    Carrying amount at end of year                     265.2        265.8         221.3          221.2         536.0       338.3      1,022.5       825.3




                    1. Reported results restated for changes to reporting segments. Refer to note 2.



                                                                                                                           TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 95
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 13 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                        Key estimate and judgement:




For personal use only
                    Useful life of brand names
                    In assessing whether a brand has a finite or indefinite useful life, the Group makes use of information on the long-term
                    strategy for the brand, the level of growth or decline of the markets that the brand operates in, the history of the market
                    and the brand’s position within that market.
                    If a brand is assessed to have a finite life, the Group will use judgement in determining the useful life of the brand
                    including the period over which expected cash flows will continue to be derived in making that decision.




                        Accounting policies
                        Brand names and licences
                        Brand names are recognised as assets when purchased individually and (primarily) as part of the allocation of the
                        purchase price when the Group acquires other businesses. Internally generated brand names are not capitalised
                        and expenditure incurred in developing, maintaining or enhancing brand names is charged to profit or loss in the
                        year incurred.
                        Brand names are initially recognised at cost when purchased individually and at fair value when acquired with
                        a business. This fair value is determined by reference to independent valuations.
                        Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any
                        accumulated impairment losses.
                        Goodwill
                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of businesses and represents the difference between the purchase price and share
                        of the net assets of the acquired business, recorded at fair value.
                        Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not
                        amortised but is tested for impairment at least annually (see note 15).
                        IT development and software
                        Other than in relation to Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) arrangement, costs incurred in developing information
                        technology (IT) products or systems and costs incurred in acquiring software and multi-year licenses are capitalised
                        as intangible IT assets. They include the cost of purchased software and internal labour and contractors used in the
                        development of software.
                        IT assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and are amortised over their expected useful life
                        (2 -10 years) on a straight-line basis. Amortisation is included in ‘Other expenses’ in the consolidated statement
                        of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the cloud provider’s application
                        software over the contract period. The following outlines the accounting treatment of implementation costs incurred
                        in relation to SaaS arrangements:


                        Recognise as an operating expense           • Fee for use of application software
                        over the term of the service contract
                                                                    • Customisation costs only when ‘not distinct’
                                                                      and undertaken by SaaS vendor
                        Recognise as an operating expense           • Configuration costs
                        as the service is received
                                                                    • Data conversion and testing
                                                                    • Testing costs
                                                                    • Training costs

                        Costs incurred for the development of software code that enhances or modifies, or creates additional capability to,
                        existing on-premise systems and meets the definition of and recognition criteria for an intangible asset are recognised
                        as intangible IT assets.




                    96 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 14 – ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE
                                                                                                                                  2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m




For personal use only
                    Assets and disposal groups held for sale                                                                      35.6           140.2
                    Total assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale                                                  35.6           140.2


                    Assets held for sale comprise property, plant and equipment identified by the Group to be recovered through sale.
                    Management are committed to a plan to sell a number of surplus assets in America and Australia, including vineyards
                    and wine making facilities, related property, plant and equipment and inventory. Accordingly, the vineyards and facilities
                    have been presented as disposal groups held for sale.
                    Impairment losses relating to the disposal group
                    Impairment losses of nil (F21: $6.6 million) for the write down of the disposal group to the lower of its carrying amount
                    and its fair value less costs to sell have been included in “other expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                    and other comprehensive income. Refer to note 4 for other earnings disclosures.


                        Accounting policies
                        Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their value will be recovered principally through their sale,
                        rather than through ongoing use within the business.
                        Assets are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale. They are valued at the lower
                        of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell with an impairment loss recognised for any difference.
                        A gain is recognised for any subsequent increase in value, but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss
                        previously recognised. Any gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset
                        is recognised at that point. The fair values of the assets based on independent market appraisals exceed the
                        assets’ carrying values.




                                                                                                           TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 97
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 15 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
                    In F22 the recoverable amounts of cash generating units (CGUs) exceed their carrying values and as a result no impairment
                    has been recognised (F21: Nil). There were no indications that previously recognised impairment losses should be reversed
                    (F21: Nil). The recoverable amount was determined through a value in use calculation. The write down of assets disclosed




For personal use only
                    in note 4 relates to assets for which their valuation was tested independently of the CGUs in accordance with other
                    accounting policies.
                    As a result of the change to a brand portfolio led divisional model, new CGUs were identified, they are:
                    • Penfolds Americas;
                    • Penfolds ANZ;
                    • Penfolds EMEA;
                    • Treasury Americas;
                    • Treasury Premium Brands ANZ; and
                    • Treasury Premium Brands EMEA.
                    Goodwill is tested for impairment at a divisional level which is the level it is monitored at.


                        Accounting policies
                        Timing of Impairment Testing
                        The Group tests property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for impairment:
                        • At least annually for goodwill and indefinite life brands; and
                        • Where there are indications that an asset may be impaired; or
                        • Where there is an indication that previously recognised impairments may have changed.
                        Impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        Approach to Impairment Testing
                        If the asset does not generate independent cash inflows and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair
                        value, the asset is tested for impairment as part of the CGU to which it belongs.
                        When an asset’s (or CGU’s) carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount, it is impaired. Recoverable amount is the
                        higher of the asset’s (or CGU’s) fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.
                        Fair value is determined in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1.
                        In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a discount rate
                        that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
                        Reversals of Impairment
                        If there is an indicator that a previously recognised impairment loss no longer exists or has decreased, recoverable
                        amount is estimated. If there has been a change in the estimates used to determine an asset’s recoverable amount
                        since an impairment loss was recognised, the carrying value of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount
                        (limited to the amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been
                        recognised for the asset in prior years).
                        Any reversal is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income with an
                        adjustment to depreciation in future periods to allocate the asset’s revised carrying value, less any residual value,
                        on a systematic basis over its remaining useful life. The Group does not reverse impairments recognised for goodwill.




                    98 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 15 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                        Key estimate and judgement:




For personal use only
                    Impairment testing key assumptions
                    The Group has estimated recoverable amount based on value in use at 30 June 2022. Key estimates and judgements include:
                    Cash flow forecasts
                    Cash flow forecasts are based on the Group’s most recent five-year financial plans approved by the Board. Key
                    assumptions in the cash flow forecasts include sales volume growth, cost of sales and cost of doing business.
                    The Group’s assumptions regarding sales volume growth and costs of doing business are based on expectations of the
                    market demand and past experience. The assumption on cost of sales is based on expectation about future vintage
                    costs which assume continuity of sourcing and access to fruit.
                    These estimates, judgements and assumptions are based on forecasts of economic conditions which reflect expectations
                    and assumptions as at 30 June 2022 about future events that the Directors believe are reasonable in the circumstances.
                    Long-term growth rates
                    Cash flow forecasts beyond a five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate range of 2.0% to 3.0% (F21: 2.0% to 3.0%).
                    Growth rates are specific to individual CGUs and reflect expected future market and economic conditions.
                    Discount rates
                    The Group applies a post-tax discount rate to post-tax cash flows as the valuation calculated using this method
                    closely approximates applying pre-tax discount rates to pre-tax cash flows. The post-tax discount rates incorporate
                    a risk-adjustment relative to the risks associated with the net post-tax cash flows being achieved. The following
                    pre-tax discount rates were applied:

                                                                                                                                            2022

                    Penfolds Americas                                                                                                       9.0%
                    Penfolds ANZ                                                                                                             11.1%
                    Penfolds EMEA                                                                                                          10.5%
                    Treasury Americas                                                                                                       9.4%
                    Treasury Premium Brands ANZ                                                                                              11.1%
                    Treasury Premium Brands EMEA                                                                                           10.5%


                    Exchange rates
                    Cash flow forecasts in foreign currency are forecast in that currency and discounted using the applicable regional
                    discount rates (predominantly USD and GBP).
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Increases in discount rates or changes in other key assumptions, such as operating conditions or financial performance,
                    may cause the recoverable amount to fall below carrying values.
                    Based on current economic conditions and CGU performance, there are no reasonably possible changes to key
                    assumptions used in the determination of CGU recoverable amounts that would result in an impairment to the Group.




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 99
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 16 – PROVISIONS
                                                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                                                                    $m                $m




For personal use only
                    Current
                    Employee entitlements                                                                                          42.8               51.2
                    Other                                                                                                          33.5              48.8
                    Total current provisions                                                                                       76.3              100.0

                                                                                                Onerous
                                                                                               contracts Restructuring            Other              Total
                    Other provisions                                                                 $m            $m               $m                $m

                    2022
                    Carrying amount at start of year                                                  1.8           10.3           36.7              48.8
                    Charged/(credited) to profit or loss                                             (0.6)          15.5            8.5              23.4
                    Payments                                                                           –            (21.2)         (21.2)            (42.4)
                    Foreign currency translation                                                      0.3            0.2            3.2                3.7
                    Carrying amount at end of year                                                    1.5            4.8           27.2              33.5


                    Other provisions include $26.2 million (F21: $35.9 million) in relation to estimated repair costs for a winery and vineyards
                    that were damaged by wildfires in the Americas.
                    Onerous contract provisions are held for IT infrastructure and service contracts that have been identified as being
                    surplus to the Group’s needs. The restructuring provision comprises costs in relation to the Group’s rationalisation
                    and restructure program.


                        Accounting policies
                        Provisions are recognised for present obligations (legal, equitable or constructive) to make future payments (or other
                        transfer of value) to other entities due to past transactions or events. They are recognised only when it is probable the
                        liability will arise and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount.
                        If the effect of time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash
                        flows at a pre-tax risk-free rate plus, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used,
                        the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
                        Employee entitlements
                        Liabilities for employees’ entitlements to wages and salaries, annual leave and other current employee entitlements
                        (that are expected to be paid within 12 months) are measured at amounts expected to be paid as at the reporting
                        date.
                        Liabilities for other employee entitlements, which are not expected to be paid or settled within 12 months of reporting
                        date, are accrued in respect of all employees at the present value of future amounts expected to be paid.
                        Restructuring
                        Restructuring provisions are recognised at the point when a detailed plan for the restructure has been developed and
                        implementation has commenced. The cost of restructuring provided is the estimated future cash flows, discounted
                        at the appropriate rate which reflects the risks of the cash flow.
                        Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated before the normal retirement date or whenever
                        an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination
                        benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of a current employee according
                        to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal or upon the provision of an offer to encourage voluntary
                        redundancy.
                        Onerous contracts
                        Onerous contracts are measured at the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net
                        cost of continuing with the contract (discounted to present value if material).




                    100 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Capital structure
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 17 – CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                    The Group considers capital to be the combination of shareholders’ equity, reserves and net debt. The key objectives
                    of the Group’s approach to capital management include:




For personal use only
                    • Safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern;
                    • Maintaining a credit profile and the requisite financial metrics that secures access to funding with a spread of maturity
                      dates and sufficient undrawn committed facility capacity;
                    • Optimising over the long term, and to the extent practicable, the weighted average cost of capital to reduce the
                      Group’s cost of capital while maintaining financial flexibility; and
                    • To provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders.
                    In order to optimise the Group’s capital structure and in line with the Group’s strategic objectives and operating plans,
                    the Company may:
                    • Alter the amount of dividends paid to shareholders;
                    • Return capital to shareholders;
                    • Issue new shares;
                    • Vary discretionary capital expenditure;
                    • Draw-down additional debt; or
                    • Sell assets to reduce debt.
                    Various financial ratios and internal targets are assessed and reported to the Board on a regular basis by management
                    to monitor and support the key objectives set out above. These ratios and targets include:
                    • An earnings to net interest expense ratio;
                    • A total net indebtedness to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and self-generating and
                      regenerating assets ratio; and
                    • Group debt maturity profile.



                    NOTE 18 – BORROWINGS
                                                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                                                     $m               $m

                    Total borrowings consist of:
                    Current                                                                                                         161.5            53.1
                    Non-current                                                                                                    1,512.2         1,474.7
                    Total borrowings                                                                                              1,673.7          1,527.8


                    Details of major arrangements
                    US Private Placement Notes
                    US Private Placement (USPP) notes totalling US$325.0 million (unsecured) are outstanding, with maturities ranging from
                    December 2023 to June 2029. The carrying value of USPP notes at 30 June 2022 is $472.2 million (F21: $432.7 million).
                    In June 2022 the Group negotiated a USPP issuance totalling US$250 million with tranches of US$175 million maturing
                    September 2032 and US$75 million maturing September 2034. Funding will be completed in September 2022 and a
                    portion will be used to repay the syndicated debt facilities maturing in June 2023.
                    Debt Facilities
                    During the year $1.4 billion of existing debt facilities were refinanced to include the establishment of Sustainability Linked
                    Loans, providing a direct link between the Group’s sustainability performance and its cost of capital. The Group established
                    a further US$240 million syndicated debt facility with US$170 million being repaid and extinguished during the year.
                    Syndicated debt facilities now total US$420 million with US$70 million maturing June 2023, US$120 million maturing
                    December 2026 and US$230 million maturing in December 2027 which are fully drawn at 30 June 2022. The carrying
                    value of the syndicated debt facilities at 30 June 2022 is $610.2 million (F21:$466.0 million). The US$70 million maturing
                    in June 2023 will be repaid using the proceeds of the new USPP issuance.
                    The Group has in place several revolving bank debt facilities with maturities staggered through to June 2026.
                    As at 30 June 2022 there are no amounts drawn under the revolving bank debt facilities (F21: Nil).
                    USPP notes bear interest at fixed and floating interest rates. In accordance with the Group’s risk management strategy,
                    the Group has entered into a combination of fixed to floating and floating to fixed interest rate swaps to obtain the desired
                    fixed/floating interest ratio, with interest rate collars also used to manage interest rate risk. Refer to note 24 for further details.




                                                                                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 101
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Capital structure
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 18 – BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
                    Financial guarantees
                    The Group has issued financial guarantees to other persons of $28.4 million (F21: $23.5 million) that could be called upon at
                    any time in the event of a breach of the Group’s financial obligations. No payments are expected to eventuate under these




For personal use only
                    financial guarantees as the Group expects to meet its respective obligations to the beneficiaries of these guarantees.
                    Lease liabilities
                    The Group enters into Lease arrangements that meet the capitalisation requirements under AASB 16 Leases. Current and
                    non-current lease liabilities are recognised for the present value of the lease payments due under the lease contracts
                    and are represented as borrowings.
                    At 30 June 2022, the Group recognised current lease liabilities of $62.2 million (F21: $54.8 million) and non-current lease
                    liabilities of $546.8 million (F21: $557.8 million). The Group’s lease arrangements have durations up to 25 years.
                    Receivables purchasing agreement
                    The Group has entered into an uncommitted non-recourse receivable purchasing agreement to sell certain domestic
                    and international receivables, from time to time, to an unrelated entity in exchange for cash. As at 30 June 2022,
                    nil receivables had been derecognised under this arrangement (F21: nil).


                        Accounting policies
                        Borrowings are initially recorded at fair value of the consideration received, net of directly attributable costs.
                        After initial recognition, borrowings are measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.
                        Amortised cost is calculated by considering any issue costs, and any discount or premium on issuance.
                        Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income if borrowings
                        are derecognised.


                                                                                                                                                     Debt
                                                                                                           Total cash                         Revaluation
                                                                                                           flows from       Additions to           and FX
                                                                                                2021         activities        Net Debt       movements                    2022
                    All balances translated to AUD                                               $m                $m               $m                $m                    $m

                    Net debt
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  448.1               (25.1)               –                7.5              430.5
                    Loan receivable                                                              0.6               (0.2)                –                  –                 0.4
                    Bank loans1                                                               (460.4)            (100.6)                –              (42.5)             (603.5)
                    US Private Placement Notes (net of fair value hedge)                      (432.7)                 –                 –              (39.5)             (472.2)
                    Lease liabilities                                                          (612.6)            59.8                (8.7)            (47.5)             (609.0)
                    Other loan payable                                                           (0.7)              0.2                 –                  –                (0.5)
                    Net debt                                                                (1,057.7)            (65.9)               (8.7)           (122.0)         (1,254.3)

                    1. Loans are stated net of capitalised facility finance costs. At reporting date, the balance of bank loans is $610.2 million (F21: $466.0 million)
                       against capitalised facility finance costs of $6.7 million (F21: $5.6 million) to be amortised over the facility period.




                    102 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 19 – CONTRIBUTED EQUITY
                                                                                                                                  2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m




For personal use only
                    Issued and paid-up capital
                    721,848,176 (F21: 721,848,176) ordinary shares, fully paid                                                 3,280.7         3,280.7
                    Own shares held                                                                                                  –               –
                                                                                                                               3,280.7         3,280.7

                    Contributed equity at the beginning of the year                                                            3,280.7         3,269.8
                    Shares movements:
                    Nil shares issued under the Dividend reinvestment plan (F21: 699,506)                                            –             7.2
                    Nil shares issued for vested Long Term Incentive Plan and Share Cellar plan (F21: 348,319)                       –             3.7
                    Net movement in own shares held                                                                                  –               –
                    Contributed equity at the end of the year                                                                  3,280.7         3,280.7


                    The shares have no par value.
                    Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
                    to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. Ordinary shares entitle their holder to one vote, either in person
                    or by proxy, at a meeting of the Company. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are
                    shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax from the proceeds.
                    Purchase of shares for LTIP plans
                    The Group engages a third party to purchase shares in the Company to be used to satisfy share-based payment
                    obligations upon vesting under the Group’s Employee Equity Plans. Historically, such commitments were satisfied by
                    way of treasury share purchases (i.e. the Group acquiring shares on market directly). There are no treasury shares held
                    at 30 June 2022 (F21: Nil).
                    Under this arrangement during the period, the Group purchased 1.4 million shares ($17.3 million) under the third-party
                    arrangement (F21: 0.3 million shares ($2.8 million)). A total of 0.8 million shares (F21: 0.1 million) purchased under the
                    third-party arrangement are available at 30 June 2022 (F21: Nil).



                    NOTE 20 – COMMITMENTS
                    Details of the Group’s lease commitments are captured in Lease Liabilities disclosed within Borrowings (note 18) and the
                    impact of short-term and low value leases is captured in note 11.

                                                                                                                                  2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m

                    Capital expenditure and other commitments
                    The following expenditure has been contracted but not provided for in the financial statements:
                    Capital expenditure                                                                                           35.5            37.2




                    NOTE 21 – RESERVES
                                                                                                                                  2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m

                    Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                       30.9            (11.8)
                    Share based payments reserve                                                                                 (54.4)          (53.8)
                    Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                          72.2           (22.4)
                    Total reserves                                                                                                48.7           (88.0)


                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                    This reserve records the effective portion of gains or losses from open cash flow hedges.
                    Share based payment reserve
                    This reserve records amounts offered to employees under Long-term Incentive Plan (LTIP), Restricted Equity Plan (REP),
                    deferred Short-term Incentive Plan (STIP) and Share Cellar plan.
                    Foreign currency translation reserve
                    This reserve holds exchange differences arising on translation of foreign subsidiaries, as described in note 1.


                                                                                                          TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 103
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Capital structure
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 22 – EMPLOYEE EQUITY PLANS
                                                                                                                                REP      Share cellar
                                                                       STIP              MTIP               LTIP        (Restricted    (Broad-based
                                                                (Restricted     (Performance      (Performance     Shares/Deferred         Employee




For personal use only
                                                                   Shares)             Rights)           Rights)     Share Rights)        Share Plan)

                    Outstanding at the beginning of the year         65,860            711,513        1,297,784           349,040            310,593
                    Granted during the year                          114,890          691,048           905,177             310,735          166,926
                    Exercised during the year                        (65,860)         (221,263)               -            (314,734)          (141,916)
                    Forfeited during the year                             –          (358,306)         (366,105)             (9,166)         (45,022)
                    Outstanding at the end of the year               114,890         822,992          1,836,856            335,875           290,581
                    Exercisable at the end of the year                    –                 –                 –                  –                  –


                    The Group operates equity plans as outlined below:
                    STIP Restricted Equity
                    One-third of earned STIP is delivered in the form of deferred equity (Restricted Shares). The key terms of this award are:
                    • Subject to a mandatory restriction period and continued employment. Half of the award is restricted for one year and
                      the remaining half for two years from grant date;
                    • Holders of Restricted Shares are entitled to dividends and to exercise their voting rights during the restriction;
                    • Will generally be forfeited if the executive is dismissed for cause or resigns. Clawback mechanisms apply.
                    LTIP
                    Under the LTIP certain employees receive Performance Rights which entitle participants to receive the Company’s shares
                    at no cost subject to the achievement of performance conditions and continued employment. No dividends are payable
                    to participants prior to vesting. The performance conditions are:
                    • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                    • Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) growth
                    • Will generally be forfeited if the executive is dismissed for cause or resigns. Clawback mechanisms apply.
                    The F20 – F22 performance rights are subject to TSR and ROCE targets weighted of 25% for TSR and 75% for ROCE over
                    a performance period of 3 years. The TSR and ROCE measures for the F20 plan were not met in F22 resulting in Nil vesting.
                    Mid-term Incentive Plan (MTIP)
                    The Group awarded an MTIP grant in F21 and F22. Under the MTIP certain employees receive Performance Rights which
                    entitle the participant to receive shares at no cost subject to the achievement of performance conditions and continuing
                    employment. The F21 and F22 plans have two equal vesting conditions: time-based (50%) and ROCE growth (50%).
                    For the time-based conditions half vest in 1-year (25%) and half in 2-years (25%). The ROCE measure for the F21 MTIP Plan
                    was not met in F22 resulting in Nil vesting.
                    Restricted Equity Plan (REP)
                    Under the REP certain employees receive a grant of restricted equity awards in the form of Restricted Shares. If Restricted
                    Shares cannot be awarded (e.g. due to country specific regulation) Deferred Share Rights are granted. The award is at no
                    cost to the employee and is subject to a restriction period. Restricted equity awards require continued employment with
                    the Group through the restriction period. Other terms are similar to the STIP terms above.
                    Restricted equity awards may be granted to compensate employees for foregoing equity compensation in their previous
                    organisation as a sign-on award and/or as a retention incentive.
                    Share Cellar (broad-based Employee Share Plan)
                    Share Cellar is the Group’s broad-based Employee Share Plan and plan participation is offered annually. The plan was
                    first launched early in 2015. Participation is voluntary and employees in select countries are eligible to join the Plan. Share
                    Cellar operates as a matching plan whereby employees contribute funds to the Plan from their after-tax pay and shares
                    are acquired by the Group on their behalf. In the plans operating from 2015 to 2018, for every two purchased shares that
                    a participant holds at the vesting date (approximately two years) the Group delivers one matched share, subject to
                    continued employment. For employees enrolling in the 2020 and 2021 plans, the Group will deliver one matched share
                    for every purchased share held at the plan vesting date, subject to continued employment.
                    Participants are entitled to dividends and to exercise voting rights attached to the shares purchased under the plan,
                    and matched shares once they have been allocated.




                    104 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 22 – EMPLOYEE EQUITY PLANS (CONTINUED)


                        Accounting policies




For personal use only
                        Employee equity plans are accounted for as share based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange
                        for the awards. The fair value of the shares and performance rights that are expected to vest is progressively recognised
                        as an employee benefits expense over the relevant vesting period with a corresponding increase in equity.
                        The fair value of shares granted is determined by reference to observed market values. The fair value of the TSR
                        component of performance rights is independently determined at grant date by an external valuer using a Monte-Carlo
                        simulation. For the non-market components (ROCE), the fair value is independently determined based on the share price
                        less the present value of dividends.
                        Non-market performance conditions do not impact the value of shares and performance rights, but rather the
                        estimate of the number of shares to vest.
                        At each reporting date the Company revises the estimate of the number of shares and the non-market component
                        of performance rights that are expected to vest, and the employee benefits expense recognised each period
                        incorporates this change in estimate.
                        An expense is recognised for the TSR component of performance rights whether or not the TSR hurdle is met. No
                        expense is recognised if these rights do not vest due to cessation of employment. No expense is recognised for shares
                        and non-market components of performance rights that do not ultimately vest.


                    Active share-based payment plans:
                    Long-term Incentive Plans
                    The below table outlines the F22 and F21 LTIP plans which have a vesting date post 30 June 2022:

                                                                                                                           F22 Plan       F21 Plan
                    Grant date                                                                                            1-Dec-21     23-Nov-20

                    Grant date share price                                                                                    $11.79         $10.01
                    Expected share price volatility (%)                                                                        42.0            41.0
                    Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                                 2.7             2.1
                    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                0.77            0.10
                    Fair value estimate at grant date – TSR                                                                   $7.39          $4.78
                    Fair value estimate at grant date – ROCE                                                                 $11.00          $9.48


                    Mid-term Incentive Plans
                    The below table outlines the F22 and F21 MTIP plans which have a vesting date post 30 June 2022:

                                                                                                                          F22 Plan        F21 Plan
                    Grant date                                                                                            1-Oct-21     23-Nov-20

                    Grant date share price                                                                                   $12.37          $10.01
                    Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                                 2.7             2.1
                    Fair value estimate at grant date – ROCE                                                                 $11.80          $9.68
                    Fair value estimate time-based – Vesting F22: 2022 (F21: 2021)                                           $12.07          $9.85
                    Fair value estimate time-based – Vesting F22: 2023 (F21: 2022)                                            $11.75         $9.65


                    Restricted Equity Plans
                    Grant date                                                                                              Grant date share price

                    F20
                    11-Nov-19                                                                                                                $18.14
                    F21
                    23-Nov-20                                                                                                                $10.01
                    F22
                    1-Oct-21                                                                                                                $12.37




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 105
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Taxation
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 23 – INCOME TAX
                                                                                                        2022       2021
                                                                                                         $m         $m




For personal use only
                    The major components of income tax expense are:

                    Statement of profit or loss
                    Current income tax expense                                                          83.2       109.1
                    Deferred income tax expense                                                         26.5        (1.4)
                    Total tax expense                                                                   109.7      107.7

                    Deferred income tax expense included in the income tax expense comprises:
                    (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax assets                                           41.6        0.1
                    (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities                                      (15.1)     (1.5)
                    Deferred income tax                                                                 26.5        (1.4)

                    Tax reconciliation
                    The amount of income tax expense as shown in the consolidated statement of profit
                    or loss and other comprehensive income differs from the prima facie income tax
                    expense attributable to earnings. The differences are reconciled as follows:
                    Profit before tax excluding material items                                          418.4     446.2
                    Material items before tax                                                           (45.5)    (88.5)
                    Profit before tax                                                                   372.9     357.7

                    Prima facie income tax expense attributable to profit from operations
                    calculated at the rate of 30% (F21: 30%)                                             111.9    107.3
                    Tax effect of:
                        Non-taxable income and profits, net of non-deductible expenditure                 3.4      (3.0)
                        Other deductible items                                                           (1.9)     (0.3)
                        Tax losses recognised                                                            (2.2)        –
                        Change in tax rate                                                                1.0       6.2
                        Foreign tax rate differential                                                    (7.3)     (2.0)
                        Other                                                                             5.6        3.1
                        Under/(over) provisions in previous years                                        (0.8)     (3.6)
                    Total tax expense                                                                   109.7      107.7

                    Income tax expense on operations                                                    120.2      130.1
                    Income tax benefit attributable to material items                                   (10.5)    (22.4)
                    Income tax expense                                                                  109.7      107.7

                    Deferred income tax relates to the following:
                    Deferred tax assets
                    The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Property, plant and equipment (including vines)                                   0.2       11.0
                        Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                                       42.9       38.8
                        Accruals                                                                         36.1      22.3
                        Provisions                                                                       23.1      27.3
                        Derivative instruments                                                            7.9         –
                        Tax losses                                                                      40.6       67.9
                        Other                                                                            12.7      16.4
                    Total deferred tax assets                                                           163.5     183.7




                    106 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 23 – INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                               2022             2021
                                                                                                                                $m               $m




For personal use only
                    Deferred tax liabilities
                    The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                    Inventory                                                                                                   16.5            23.6
                    Property, plant and equipment (including vines)                                                            87.5             58.8
                    Intangibles                                                                                                221.2           224.0
                    Other                                                                                                       13.5             3.2
                    Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                            338.7            309.6

                    Movements in deferred income tax relate to the following:
                    Movement in deferred tax assets:
                    Opening balance                                                                                            183.7           193.8
                        (Charged) to profit or loss                                                                            (41.6)            (0.1)
                        Recognised directly in Equity                                                                           (2.9)            (2.7)
                        Business acquisitions                                                                                    5.1               –
                        Balance sheet reclassification                                                                            –              (1.8)
                        Foreign currency translation                                                                            10.9            (11.9)
                        Other                                                                                                   8.3              6.4
                    Closing balance                                                                                           163.5            183.7

                    Movement in deferred tax liabilities:
                    Opening balance                                                                                           309.6            334.3
                        (Credited)/charged to profit or loss                                                                   (15.1)            (1.5)
                        Recognised directly in Equity                                                                           13.7               –
                        Business acquisitions                                                                                   6.0                –
                        Transfer (to)/from Assets Held for Sale                                                                 10.0            (5.5)
                        Foreign currency translation                                                                            14.7            (15.9)
                        Balance sheet reclassification                                                                          (0.2)            (1.8)
                    Closing balance                                                                                           338.7            309.6

                    Amounts recognised directly in equity
                    Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the reporting period
                    and not recognised in net profit or loss but directly credited to equity                                   (16.6)            (2.7)


                    Unrecognised tax assets
                    There are potential future income tax benefits relating to accumulated losses in non-Australian group companies,
                    which have not been brought to account. These possible benefits amount to $31.9 million (F21: $39.2 million).
                    The Group has carry forward capital tax losses in Australia and the UK respectively. These losses may be used to offset
                    any future capital gains derived by activities in these countries. The Group will assess the conditions for deductibility
                    imposed by the tax laws of Australia and the UK prior to any utilisation of the capital losses.
                    Ongoing tax audits
                    The Group is subject to ongoing tax audits by taxation authorities in several jurisdictions covering a variety of taxes.
                    The Group fully cooperates with these enquiries as and when they arise.
                    Franking credits
                    The Australian Tax Consolidation Group has $113.3 million (F21: $119.7 million) of franking credits available for subsequent
                    reporting periods.
                    UK corporation tax rate
                    Following the substantive enactment of Finance Bill 2021, the Group remeasured the deferred tax assets and liabilities
                    of its UK operations using the new tax rate and recognised a one-off charge of $6.2 million as of 30 June 2021.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 107
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Taxation
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 23 – INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

                        Key estimate and judgement:




For personal use only
                    Taxation
                    The Group is subject to income taxes in Australia and jurisdictions where it has foreign operations. Significant judgement
                    is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations
                    undertaken during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Where the final
                    tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the
                    current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.




                        Accounting policies
                        Current taxes
                        Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from, or paid to, taxation
                        authorities at the tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
                        Deferred taxes
                        Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred income tax assets
                        are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carried forward unused tax assets and unused tax losses,
                        to the extent it is probable that they will be utilised.
                        Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent
                        that it will become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
                        The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that
                        it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to utilise them.
                        Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when
                        the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
                        enacted at the balance sheet date.
                        Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences at balance sheet date between accounting carrying
                        amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, other than for:
                        • The initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and at the time
                          of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss or on the recognition of goodwill.
                        • Foreign taxes which may arise in the event of retained profits of foreign controlled entities being remitted to Australia
                          as there is no present intention to make any such remittances.
                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities associated with indefinite life intangibles such as brand names are
                        measured based on the tax consequences that would follow from the use and sale of that asset.
                        Income taxes relating to items recognised directly in equity are recognised in equity and not in profit or loss.
                        Offsetting deferred tax balances
                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax
                        assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and
                        the same taxation authority.




                    108 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Risk
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                    Financial risk management framework
                    The Group’s financial risk management policies (‘Group Treasury Policies’) cover risk tolerance, internal controls
                    (including segregation of duties), delegated authority levels, management of foreign currency, interest rate and




For personal use only
                    counterparty credit exposures, and the reporting of exposures. These policies are reviewed at least annually
                    and approved by the Board of Directors.
                    The centralised Group Treasury function has been delegated operational responsibility for the identification and
                    management of financial risks.
                    The Group holds financial instruments from financing (principally borrowings), transactions (trade receivables and
                    payables) and risk management (derivatives) which result in exposure to the following financial risks, covered by the
                    Group Treasury Policies:
                    • Liquidity risk;
                    • Interest rate risk;
                    • Foreign exchange risk; and
                    • Counterparty credit risk.
                    The following table outlines how these risks impact Group financial assets and liabilities:

                                                                                              Liquidity         Interest      Foreign           Credit
                                                                                                   risk        rate risk exchange risk            risk
                                                                                  Note              (a)              (b)           (c)             (d)

                    Net borrowings                                                   18              X                X              X               X
                    Receivables                                                       9                               X              X               X
                    Other financial assets                                            9                                              X               X
                    Payables                                                          9              X                               X
                    Derivative financial assets and liabilities                  25, 32                               X              X               X


                    (a) Liquidity risk
                    Nature of the risk
                    The Group is exposed to liquidity risk primarily from its core operating activities. The Group’s focus is to ensure it is able
                    to meet financial obligations as and when they fall due.
                    Risk management
                    The Group ensures the maintenance, at all times, of an appropriate minimum level of liquidity, comprising committed,
                    unutilised debt facilities and cash resources. To facilitate this, the Group monitors forecast and actual cash flows,
                    performs sensitivity analysis as well as monitoring the availability and cost of debt and equity funding.
                    The Group’s objective is to balance continuity of funding and flexibility by maintaining an appropriately structured debt
                    maturity profile with a mix of bank and capital (bond) market debt, whilst also monitoring compliance with the Group’s
                    key financial covenants and undertakings.
                    At reporting date, the standby arrangements and unused credit facilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m

                    Committed facilities
                    Available facilities                                                                                        1,909.8         1,692.7
                    Amounts utilised                                                                                           (1,082.5)        (898.7)
                    Amount unutilised                                                                                            827.3           794.0


                    The Group is in compliance with all undertakings under its various financing arrangements.




                                                                                                          TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 109
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Risk
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                    (a) Liquidity risk (continued)
                    Level of exposure at balance date




For personal use only
                    The following tables analyse the maturities of the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows arising from its material
                    financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                Maturing in:
                                                                            6 months      6 months           1 to 2       2 to 5         Over      Contractual       Carrying
                                                                               or less     to 1 year        years         years       5 years            total        amount
                                                                                   $m            $m            $m            $m           $m               $m             $m

                    2022
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Bank loans1                                                    10.6         114.8          18.3       243.9          342.1             729.7           603.5
                    Lease liabilities                                             40.4          46.4          89.7        250.5          385.1              812.1          609.0
                    Other loans                                                       –            –           0.5             –             –               0.5             0.5
                    US Private Placement Notes                                      9.7           9.7         197.1        247.4          78.2             542.1           472.2
                    Trade Payables                                               314.9             –             –             –             –             314.9           314.9
                    Other Payables                                               432.3             –             –             –             –            432.3            432.3

                    Derivative financial liabilities
                    Foreign exchange contracts                                      2.1           1.0           4.1          2.5             –                9.7             9.7
                    Interest rate and cross currency swaps                          2.0          6.8           17.8         34.9            2.7             64.2             11.3
                    Total financial liabilities                                  812.0         178.7         327.5        779.2         808.1           2,905.5       2,453.4

                    2021
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Bank loans1                                                     3.7          3.8           8.4         184.8         319.6             520.3           460.4
                    Lease liabilities                                              38.1         43.3          84.3        234.6           413.1            813.4            612.6
                    Other loans                                                       –            –           0.6             –             –                0.6             0.6
                    US Private Placement Notes                                      9.9           9.3          18.5       269.0         233.2              539.9           432.7
                    Trade payables                                                322.1            –             –             –             –              322.1           322.1
                    Other Payables                                               381.5             –             –             –             –             381.5            381.5

                    Derivative financial liabilities
                    Foreign exchange contracts                                      0.1           0.1          0.4             –             –                0.6             0.6
                    Interest rate and cross currency swaps                          6.5           7.3          13.5          31.8          5.6              64.7            25.0
                    Total financial liabilities                                   761.9         63.8          125.7        720.2         971.5            2,643.1         2,235.5

                    1. Loans are stated net of capitalised facility finance costs. At reporting date, the balance of bank loans is $610.2 million (F21: $466.0 million)
                       against capitalised facility finance costs of $6.7 million (F21: $5.6 million) to be amortised over the facility period.


                    (b) Interest rate risk
                    Nature of the risk
                    The Group is exposed to interest rate risk principally from floating rate bank borrowings. Other sources of interest rate risk
                    include receivable purchasing agreements, interest-bearing investments, creditors’ accounts offering a discount and
                    debtors’ accounts on which discounts are offered.
                    Risk management
                    We manage interest rate risk by ensuring that the sensitivity of forecast future earnings to changes in interest rates
                    is within acceptable limits. This involves longer term forecasting of both expected earnings and expected borrowing
                    to determine the tolerable exposure.
                    A combination of interest rate swaps have been exchanged to obtain the desired ratio of fixed and floating interest rates.
                    At 30 June 2022, interest rate swap contracts were in use to exchange fixed interest rates to floating rates on $363.2 million
                    (US$250.0 million) of US Private Placement notes. A combination of floating to fixed interest rate swaps and fixed interest rate
                    caps have been used to exchange the floating rates to fixed on all US Private Placement notes (US$325 million). The swaps
                    mature in December 2023, June 2027 and June 2029. Cross currency interest rate swaps are used to exchange floating USD
                    interest on a portion of the USD syndicated debt facility of US$120 million into AUD fixed rate of $166.6 million with maturities
                    in December 2026. Please refer note 24(a) for the profile and timing of cash flows over the next five years.




                    110 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                    (b) Interest rate risk (continued)
                    The Group’s exposure to variable interest rate risk results from the following financial instruments at balance sheet date:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                                                              $m               $m

                    Financial assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               430.5            448.1
                    Total assets                                                                                            430.5            448.1
                    Financial liabilities
                    US Private Placement Notes1                                                                                  –               –
                    Bank loans1                                                                                              101.7           199.7
                    Total liabilities                                                                                        101.7           199.7

                    1. Net of hedged amounts.


                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The table below shows the impact by currency denomination if the Group’s weighted average floating interest rates
                    change from the year-end rates of 0.80% (F21: 0.20%) with all other variables held constant.

                                                                        Sensitivity                                      Pre-tax impact on profit
                                                              2022            2021                          2022                              2021
                    Currency                                                                  +$m            -$m             +$m             -$m

                    USD                                  + / – 25bp     + / – 25bp             0.3           (0.3)             (0.1)            0.1
                    AUD                                  + / – 25bp     + / – 25bp             0.3           (0.3)             0.6            (0.6)
                    GBP                                  + / – 25bp     + / – 25bp              0.1           (0.1)             0.1            (0.1)


                    The movements in profit on a consolidated level are primarily a result of interest costs from borrowings. There would have
                    been no significant impact on equity.
                    (c) Foreign exchange risk
                    Nature of the risk
                    The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through:
                    • Transaction exposures including sales of wine into export markets and the purchase of production inputs, denominated
                      in foreign currencies other than the respective functional currency of the specific Group entity;
                    • Exposures arising from borrowings denominated in foreign currencies; and
                    • Translation exposures including earnings of foreign subsidiaries and revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities,
                      including borrowings.
                    The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are the Australian Dollar (AUD), United States Dollar
                    (USD) and Great British Pound (GBP). Other currencies used include the Canadian Dollar, Euro, New Zealand Dollar,
                    Singapore Dollar, Swedish Krona, Norwegian Krone, Chinese Renminbi and South African Rand.
                    Risk management
                    The focus of the Group’s foreign exchange risk management activities is on the transactional exposures arising from the
                    sourcing and sale of wine.
                    A proportion of expenses are hedged over time up to a period of three years. The nominal amount and average hedge
                    rate of the instruments in place at 30 June 2022 are disclosed in the following table.
                    In determining the amount of hedging required, the Group also considers the ‘natural hedges’ arising from the underlying
                    net cash flows in the relevant currency, comprising operating, investing and financing cash flows.




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 111
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Risk
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                    (c) Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                    Details of the Group’s open hedges at balance sheet date are shown below.




For personal use only
                    Open foreign currency hedges at 30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                    Hedge value
                                                                                                                                  (notional AUD)       Average
                    Currency                    Hedge type                                                                                   $m      hedge rate

                    AUD/USD                     Forwards                                                                                   60.0          0.7296
                                                Options                                                                                    185.5         0.7558
                                                Total                                                                                     245.5
                    AUD/GBP                     Forwards                                                                                    33.0         0.5273
                                                Options                                                                                    107.0         0.5637
                                                Total                                                                                     140.0


                    Level of exposure at balance date
                    At the reporting date, the Group’s financial assets and liabilities were denominated across the following currencies:

                                                                                                    AUD        USD      GBP               Other           Total
                    All balances translated to AUD                                                   $m         $m      $m                  $m             $m

                    2022
                    Net debt
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                      120.9      228.4      36.1               45.1          430.5
                    Loan receivable                                                                    –        0.4         –                  –            0.4
                    Bank loans   2
                                                                                                      1.7    (605.2)        –                  –         (603.5)
                    US Private Placement Notes (net of fair value hedge)                               –      (472.2)       –                  –         (472.2)
                    Lease liabilities                                                              (89.3)    (499.6)     (2.0)              (18.1)       (609.0)
                    Other loan payable                                                              (0.5)         –         –                  –            (0.5)
                    Net debt                                                                       32.8     (1,348.2)    34.1               27.0       (1,254.3)

                    Other financial assets/(liabilities)
                    Trade receivables (net of allowance
                    for expected credit loss)                                                      208.7       86.2     88.8                36.2          419.9
                    Other receivables                                                               17.3       75.5         -                2.4           95.2
                    Trade and other payables                                                   (384.9)       (259.0)    (69.9)             (33.4)         (747.2)
                    Net other assets/(liabilities)                                             (158.9)         (97.3)    18.9                5.2         (232.1)

                    2021
                    Net debt
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                      220.4       151.6     18.7               57.4          448.1
                    Loan receivable                                                                  0.6          –         –                  –            0.6
                    Bank loans2                                                                       1.7     (462.1)       –                  –         (460.4)
                    US Private Placement Notes (net of fair value hedge)                               –      (432.7)       –                  –         (432.7)
                    Lease liabilities                                                              (97.9)    (492.4)      (2.1)            (20.2)         (612.6)
                    Other loan payable                                                              (0.7)         –         –                  –            (0.7)
                    Net debt                                                                       124.1    (1,235.6)    16.6               37.2        (1,057.7)

                    Other financial assets/(liabilities)
                    Trade receivables (net of allowance
                    for expected credit loss)                                                      202.7       128.7    95.5                50.7          477.6
                    Other receivables                                                                4.2       59.7         –                3.5           67.4
                    Trade and other payables                                                   (320.9)       (244.5)    (55.7)             (82.5)        (703.6)
                    Net other assets/(liabilities)                                             (114.0)         (56.1)   39.8               (28.3)        (158.6)

                    2. Includes capitalised borrowing costs of $6.7 million (F21: $5.6 million).




                    112 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                    (c) Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                    Sensitivity analysis




For personal use only
                    The following table illustrates the impact of potential foreign exchange movements on profit before tax and the statement
                    of financial position at 30 June:

                                                          Sensitivity                        Pre-tax impact on profit                                Impact on equity
                                                         assumption3                                             $m                                              $m
                                                      2022        2021                    2022                     2021                    2022                  2021
                    Currency                                                       +          -            +           -            +           -         +         -

                    United States Dollar             12.6%        9.0%           0.1        (0.1)        (0.2)       0.2       (36.8)       57.7       (61.0)    82.2
                    Great Britain Pound              10.0%         7.4%         (0.5)       0.7           0.1        (0.1)      (26.7)      35.4       (17.0)     21.1
                    Euro                             10.7%         7.2%         (0.1)        0.1         0.2        (0.2)        (2.3)       3.9        (3.7)     4.5
                    Canadian Dollar                    9.1%       6.7%          (2.0)       2.4          (1.5)        1.7         2.2       (2.6)        1.5      (1.7)
                    New Zealand Dollar                6.3%        4.9%           0.0        0.0            –           –         (7.5)       8.5        (8.1)     9.0

                    3. Australian dollar versus individual currencies. Implied one-year currency volatility at reporting date (Source: Bloomberg).


                    (d) Credit risk
                    Nature of the risk
                    Counterparty credit risk arises primarily from the following assets:
                    • Cash and cash equivalents;
                    • Trade and other receivables; and
                    • Derivative instruments.
                    Risk management
                    The Group’s counterparty credit risk management philosophy is to limit the Group’s loss from default by any one
                    counterparty by dealing only with financial institution counterparties of good credit standing, setting maximum exposure
                    limits for each counterparty, and taking a conservative approach to the calculation of counterparty credit limit usage.
                    Where available, credit opinions on counterparties from two credit rating agencies are used to determine credit limits.
                    The Group assesses the credit quality of individual customers prior to offering credit terms and continues to monitor
                    on a regular basis. Each customer is assigned a risk profile based upon the measurable risk indicators for dishonoured
                    payments, adverse information and average days late along with the securities and guarantees held. All prospective
                    accounts are required to complete a credit application and generally a director’s guarantee is required with minimal
                    exceptions. Failure to provide a director’s guarantee results in either no credit or a limited level of credit offered. Credit
                    terms may be reduced or extended for individual customers based on risk.
                    In F22 the Group, as part of its normal monitoring of the credit quality of trade receivables, continued frequent telephone
                    contact and engagement with customers to understand customer trading and credit circumstances, and supporting
                    them through any short-term challenges identified. The Group also continued to monitor customer credit risk
                    assessments across the entire customer portfolio.
                    Past due accounts are subject to a number of collection activities which range from telephone contact, suspension
                    of orders through to legal action. Past due accounts are reviewed monthly with specific focus on accounts that are
                    greater than 90 days overdue. Where debt cannot be recovered, it is escalated from the credit representative to the
                    credit manager to initiate recovery action.
                    For derivatives, the Group transacts under an International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting
                    agreement. If a credit event such as a default occurs, all outstanding transactions under an ISDA agreement are
                    terminated, the termination value is assessed and only a single net amount is payable in settlement of all transactions.
                    Level of exposure at balance date
                    The maximum counterparty credit risk exposure at 30 June 2022 in respect of derivative financial instruments was
                    $22.0 million (F21: $4.5 million) and in respect of cash and cash equivalents was $186.2 million (F21: $125.0 million).
                    The Group’s authorised counterparties are restricted to banks and financial institutions whose long-term credit rating
                    is at or above a Standard and Poors rating of A- (or Moody’s equivalent rating of A3), with any exceptions requiring
                    approval from the Board. Commercial paper investments are restricted to counterparties whose short-term credit
                    rating is at or above a Standard and Poor’s rating of A-1 (or Moody’s equivalent rating of P-2). The magnitude of credit
                    risk in relation to receivables is generally the carrying amount, net of any allowance for expected credit loss.




                                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 113
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Risk
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 24 – FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                    (d) Credit risk (continued)
                    The ageing of the consolidated Group trade receivables (net of provisions) is outlined below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                2022            2021
                                                                                                                                 $m              $m

                    Not past due                                                                                               387.7          459.5
                    Past due 1–30 days                                                                                          25.4            10.9
                    Past due 31–60 days                                                                                          4.3             1.8
                    Past due 61 days+                                                                                            2.5             5.4
                    Total                                                                                                      419.9           477.6


                    Trade receivables have been aged according to their due date. Terms may be extended on a temporary basis with the
                    approval of management. The past due receivables shown above relate to customers who have a good debt history and
                    are considered recoverable. There is no collateral held as security against the receivables above and there are no other
                    receivables past due.



                    NOTE 25 – DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                    At reporting date, there were $385.4 million (Australian dollar equivalent) net face value of outstanding foreign exchange
                    contracts at contract rates (F21: $324.0 million), interest rate swaps of $857.2 million (F21: $665.7 million) and cross currency
                    interest rate swaps of $174.4 million (F21: $159.8 million) and interest rate collars of $203.4 million (F21: $146.5 million).
                    These instruments are regarded as Level 2 under AASB’s Fair Value measurement hierarchy.



                    NOTE 26 – FAIR VALUES
                    The fair value of the US Private Placement Notes is $484.1 million (F21: $492.8 million) and the fair value of the syndicated
                    debt facility is $644.3 million (F21: $500.0 million). The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, financial assets and other
                    financial liabilities approximate their carrying value. There have been no reclassifications of financial assets from fair
                    value to cost, or from cost or amortised cost to fair value during the year.
                    The fair values of derivative financial instruments are based upon market prices, or models using inputs observed from
                    the market, where markets exist or have been determined by discounting the expected future cash flows by the current
                    interest rate for financial assets and financial liabilities with similar risk profiles (a Level 2 valuation).
                    The valuation of derivative financial assets and liabilities reflects the estimated amounts which the Group would be
                    required to pay or receive to terminate the contracts (net of transaction costs) or replace the contracts at their current
                    market rates at reporting date. This is based on internal valuations using standard valuation techniques.
                    As the purpose of these derivative financial instruments is to hedge the Group’s underlying assets and liabilities
                    denominated in foreign currencies and to hedge against risk of interest rate fluctuations, it is unlikely in the absence
                    of abnormal circumstances that these contracts would be terminated prior to maturity.
                    For all other recognised financial assets and financial liabilities, based on the facts and circumstances existing
                    at reporting date and the nature of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities including hedge positions,
                    the Group has no reason to believe that the financial assets could not be exchanged, or the financial liabilities
                    could not be settled, in an arm’s length transaction at an amount approximating its carrying amount.




                    114 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Group composition
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 27 – SUBSIDIARIES
                    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries:

                    Entity name                                                                                           Country of incorporation




For personal use only
                    Equity holding of 100% (F21: 100%)
                    Aldershot Nominees Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                          Australia
                    B Seppelt & Sons Limited*                                                                                              Australia
                    Beringer Blass Distribution S.R.L.                                                                                         Italy
                    Beringer Blass Italia S.R.L.                                                                                               Italy
                    Beringer Blass Wine Estates Chile Limitada                                                                                Chile
                    Beringer Blass Wine Estates Limited                                                                                          UK
                    Beringer Blass Wines Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                        Australia
                    Bilyara Vineyards Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                           Australia
                    Cellarmaster Wines (UK) Limited                                                                                              UK
                    Cellarmaster Wines Holdings (UK) Limited                                                                                     UK
                    Cuppa Cup Vineyards Pty. Ltd.                                                                                          Australia
                    Devil’s Lair Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                 Australia
                    Ewines Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                       Australia
                    FBL Holdings Limited                                                                                                         UK
                    Frank Family Vineyards LLC                                                                                                  USA
                    Il Cavaliere del Castello di Gabbiano S.r.l.                                                                               Italy
                    Interbev Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                                    Australia
                    Leo Buring Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                   Australia
                    Lindeman (Holdings) Limited*                                                                                           Australia
                    Lindemans Wines Pty. Ltd.                                                                                              Australia
                    Mag Wines Pty. Ltd                                                                                                     Australia
                    Majorca Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                                     Australia
                    Mildara Holdings Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                            Australia
                    North America Packaging (Pacific Rim) Corporation                                                                           USA
                    Penfolds Wines Australia Pty Ltd (formerly known as Treasury Logistics Pty Ltd)*                                       Australia
                    Penfolds Wines International Limited (formerly known as Coldstream Australasia Limited)*                               Australia
                    Penfolds Wines Pty Ltd                                                                                                 Australia
                    Piat Pere et Fils B.V.                                                                                            Netherlands
                    Premium Land, Inc.                                                                                                          USA
                    Robertsons Well Pty. Ltd.                                                                                              Australia
                    Robertsons Well Unit Trust                                                                                             Australia
                    Rosemount Estates Pty. Ltd.                                                                                            Australia
                    Rothbury Wines Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                              Australia
                    SCW905 Limited*                                                                                                        Australia
                    Seaview Wynn Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                                Australia
                    Société Civile de la Gironville                                                                                         France
                    Société Civile d’Exploitation Agricole Cambon La Pelouse                                                                France
                    Southcorp Australia Pty. Ltd. *                                                                                        Australia
                    Southcorp Brands Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                            Australia
                    Southcorp International Investments Pty. Ltd.*                                                                         Australia
                    Southcorp Limited*                                                                                                     Australia
                    Southcorp NZ Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                                Australia
                    Southcorp Whitegoods Pty. Ltd.                                                                                         Australia
                    Southcorp Wines Asia Pty. Ltd.                                                                                         Australia
                    Southcorp Wines Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                             Australia
                    Southcorp XUK Limited                                                                                                        UK
                    T’Gallant Winemakers Pty. Ltd.                                                                                         Australia
                    The Rothbury Estate Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                         Australia




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 115
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Group composition
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 27 – SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                    Entity name                                                                                                         Country of incorporation

                    Tolley Scott & Tolley Limited*                                                                                                       Australia




For personal use only
                    Treasury Americas Inc                                                                                                                        USA
                    Treasury Chateau & Estates LLC                                                                                                               USA
                    Treasury Wine Estates (China) Holding Co Pty Ltd*                                                                                    Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates (Matua) Limited                                                                                           New Zealand
                    Treasury Wine Estates (NZ) Holding Co Pty Ltd*                                                                                       Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd.                                                                                       China
                    Treasury Wine Estates (UK) Holding Co Pty Ltd*                                                                                       Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates Americas Company                                                                                                       USA
                    Treasury Wine Estates Asia (SEA) Pte Ltd                                                                                           Singapore
                    Treasury Wine Estates Asia Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                 Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates Australia Limited*                                                                                             Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates Barossa Vineyards Pty. Ltd.                                                                                    Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates Canada, Inc.                                                                                                   Canada
                    Treasury Wine Estates Denmark ApS                                                                                                   Denmark
                    Treasury Wine Estates EMEA Limited                                                                                                            UK
                    Treasury Wine Estates France S.A.R.L.                                                                                                  France
                    Treasury Wine Estates HK Limited                                                                                      Hong Kong SAR, China
                    Treasury Wine Estates Holdings Inc.                                                                                                          USA
                    Treasury Wine Estates Japan KK                                                                                                          Japan
                    Treasury Wine Estates Netherlands B.V                                                                                            Netherlands
                    Treasury Wine Estates Norway AS                                                                                                       Norway
                    Treasury Wine Estates Sweden AB                                                                                                       Sweden
                    Treasury Wine Estates UK Brands Limited                                                                                                       UK
                    Treasury Wine Estates Vintners Limited*                                                                                              Australia
                    TWE Finance (Aust) Limited*                                                                                                          Australia
                    TWE Finance (UK) Limited                                                                                                                      UK
                    TWE Insurance Company Pte. Ltd.                                                                                                    Singapore
                    TWE Lima Pty Ltd*                                                                                                                    Australia
                    TWE Share Plans Pty Ltd                                                                                                              Australia
                    TWE US Finance Co.                                                                                                                           USA
                    TWE USA Partnership                                                                                                                          USA
                    Wolf Blass Wines Pty. Ltd.*                                                                                                          Australia
                    Woodley Wines Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                              Australia
                    Wynn Winegrowers Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                           Australia
                    Wynns Coonawarra Estate Pty. Ltd                                                                                                     Australia

                    * Entity is a member of the Closed Group under the Deed of Cross Guarantee (refer to note 29) and relieved from the requirement to prepare
                      audited financial statements by ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.


                                                                                                                                                      % of holding
                    Entity name                                                                       Country of incorporation               2022                2021

                    Equity holding of less than 100%
                    Fiddlesticks LLC                                                                                        USA               0.0                50.0
                    Graymoor Estate Joint Venture                                                                      Australia             48.8                48.8
                    Graymoor Estate Pty. Ltd.                                                                          Australia             48.8                48.8
                    Graymoor Estate Unit Trust                                                                         Australia             48.8                48.8
                    North Para Environment Control Pty. Ltd.                                                           Australia             69.9                69.9




                    116 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 28 – PARENT ENTITY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                    (a) Summary financial information
                    The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                               $m              $m

                    Balance sheet
                    Current assets                                                                                         1,356.8          846.4
                    Total assets                                                                                           9,462.8         8,953.3
                    Current liabilities                                                                                     5,617.6        5,453.0
                    Total liabilities                                                                                       5,617.6        5,453.0
                    Net assets                                                                                             3,845.2         3,500.3

                    Shareholders’ equity
                    Issued capital                                                                                         3,280.7         3,280.7
                    Share based payments reserve                                                                              (55.1)         (53.7)
                    Retained earnings                                                                                        619.6           273.3
                    Total equity                                                                                           3,845.2         3,500.3

                    Profit for the year                                                                                      548.1               –
                    Total comprehensive income                                                                               548.1               –


                    Current liabilities comprise balances with other entities within the Group. These balances will not be called within the next
                    12 months.
                    (b) Financial guarantees
                    Refer note 18 for financial guarantees to banks, financiers and other persons.
                    (c) Tax consolidation legislation
                    The Company formed a consolidated group for income tax purposes with each of its Australian resident subsidiaries on
                    21 May 2011. The Company and the controlled entities in the tax consolidation group continue to account for current and
                    deferred tax amounts separately. These tax amounts are measured on a ‘group allocation’ approach, under which the
                    current and deferred tax amounts for the tax-consolidated group are allocated among each reporting entity in the Group.
                    (d) Capital commitments
                    There are no capital commitments for the Company (F21: nil).



                    NOTE 29 – DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE
                    Under the terms of ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, certain wholly owned controlled
                    entities have been granted relief from the requirement to prepare audited financial reports. It is a condition of the class
                    order that the Company and each of the relevant subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross Guarantee whereby each
                    company guarantees the debts of the companies party to the Deed. The member companies of the Deed of Cross
                    Guarantee are regarded as the ‘Closed Group’ and identified in note 27.
                    A summarised consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, retained earnings reconciliation
                    and a consolidated statement of financial position, comprising the Company and those controlled entities which are
                    a party to the Deed of Cross Guarantee, after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed, at 30 June 2022
                    are set out below.

                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                               $m              $m

                    Extract of the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                    Profit before tax                                                                                        252.3          365.8
                    Income tax expense                                                                                       (67.4)         (100.2)
                    Net profit after tax                                                                                     184.9          265.6
                    Retained earnings at beginning of the year                                                               172.6            72.9
                    External dividends                                                                                      (202.1)         (165.9)
                    Retained earnings at end of the year                                                                     155.4           172.6




                                                                                                      TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 117
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Group composition
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 29 – DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                                                                           $m             $m




For personal use only
                    Statement of financial position
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              115.1         215.9
                    Receivables                                                                                           315.2          250.1
                    Inventories                                                                                          380.7          432.3
                    Investments                                                                                             1.9               1.9
                    Assets held for sale                                                                                   12.3               8.1
                    Other current assets                                                                                   20.8              8.3
                    Total current assets                                                                                 846.0           916.6

                    Non-current assets
                    Inventories                                                                                          686.6          650.8
                    Investments                                                                                         2,257.5        2,257.5
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                                        672.8          629.9
                    Right-of-use assets                                                                                    77.5          86.9
                    Intangible assets                                                                                    542.8          547.0
                    Deferred tax assets                                                                                   35.8           44.8
                    Other non-current assets                                                                              38.4                1.9
                    Total non-current assets                                                                            4,311.4        4,218.8
                    Total assets                                                                                        5,157.4        5,135.4

                    Current liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                                                             383.8          326.4
                    Borrowings                                                                                            584.1          655.1
                    Current tax liabilities                                                                                10.1           22.7
                    Provisions                                                                                            34.3           46.4
                    Other current liabilities                                                                              16.8              5.4
                    Total current liabilities                                                                           1,029.0        1,056.0

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Borrowings                                                                                            581.4         547.5
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              123.8           121.7
                    Other non-current liabilities                                                                           9.8              21.2
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                                         715.0         690.4
                    Total liabilities                                                                                   1,744.0        1,746.4
                    Net assets                                                                                          3,413.4       3,389.0

                    Equity
                    Contributed equity                                                                                  3,280.7        3,281.3
                    Reserves                                                                                              (22.7)        (64.9)
                    Retained earnings                                                                                     155.4          172.6
                    Total equity                                                                                        3,413.4       3,389.0


                    Current borrowings include balances with other entities within the Group. These balances will not be called within the
                    next 12 months.




                    118 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Other
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                    NOTE 30 – RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
                    Ownership interests in related parties
                    All material ownership interests in related parties are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.




For personal use only
                    Parent entity
                    The ultimate parent entity is Treasury Wine Estates Limited, which is domiciled and incorporated in Australia.
                    Transactions with entities in the wholly-owned Group
                    Transactions between companies within the Group during the current and prior year included:
                    • Purchases and sales of goods and services; and
                    • Provision of accounting and administrative assistance.
                    Transactions with controlled entities are made on normal commercial terms and conditions.
                    Transactions with other related parties
                    The Group entered into transactions which are insignificant in amount with executives, non-executive Directors and their
                    related parties within normal employee, customer or supplier relationships on terms and conditions no more favourable
                    than those available in similar arm’s length dealings.
                    There were no other transactions with related parties during the current year.
                    Key management personnel compensation
                    The following table shows the compensation paid or payable to the key management personnel (‘executives’)
                    of the Group.

                                                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                                                                   $              $

                    Short-term employee benefits                                                                          5,019,492      4,760,936
                    Post-employment benefits                                                                                 70,704          65,916
                    Share based payments                                                                                  1,624,796         457,187
                    Total                                                                                                 6,714,992      5,284,039


                    Additionally, compensation paid to non-executive directors was $2,002,965 (F21: $2,113,997).



                    NOTE 31 – REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                    The Audit and Risk Committee has completed an evaluation of the overall effectiveness and independence of the
                    external auditor, KPMG. As part of this process, the external auditor has provided a written statement that no professional
                    engagement with the Group has been carried out which would impair their independence as auditor. The Chairman of
                    the Audit and Risk Committee has advised the Board that the Committee’s assessment is that the auditor is independent.
                    During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the Group, and its
                    related practices:

                                                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                                                                   $              $

                    Audit and review of financial statements and other
                    audit work under the Corporations Act 2001                                                            1,534,555        1,426,128
                    Associate firms of Auditor                                                                             537,206         493,530
                    Other assurance services                                                                                      –               –
                    Audit and review services                                                                              2,071,761      1,919,658
                    Other non-audit services                                                                                170,371        439,280
                    Total                                                                                                 2,242,132      2,358,938


                    The Group engages KPMG to provide other non-audit services where their expertise and experience best qualifies them
                    to provide the appropriate service and as long as stringent independence requirements are satisfied. In the year ended
                    30 June 2022, other non-audit services included fees in respect to the provision of advisory and taxation services.




                                                                                                       TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 119
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Other
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 32 – OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES


                        New accounting standards and interpretations




For personal use only
                        Since 30 June 2021, the Group has adopted the following new and amended accounting standards.

                        Reference                       Title                                                                                Application

                        AASB 4, AASB 7, AASB 9,         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards –                                    1 January 2021
                        AASB 16 & AASB 139              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
                        AASB 4 & AASB 17                Amendments to Australian Accounting                                                1 January 2021
                                                        Standards – Insurance Contracts
                        AASB 2020-9                     Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards –                                    1 January 2021
                                                        Tier 2 Disclosure: Interest rate benchmark reform (phase 2)
                                                        and other amendments
                        IFRIC agenda decision           Costs necessary to sell inventories                                                    June 2021

                        The adoption of these standards did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                        Issued but not yet effective accounting standards
                        The following relevant accounting standards have recently been issued or amended but are not yet effective and
                        have not been adopted for this year-end reporting period.

                        Reference                       Title                                                                                Application

                        AASB 1, AASB 3, AASB 9,         Annual Improvements 2018–2020 and Other Amendments                                 1 January 2022
                        AASB 116, AASB 137 & AASB 141
                        AASB 101                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current                            1 January 2023
                        AASB 101                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or non-current –                          1 January 2023
                                                        deferral of effective date
                        AASB 17                         Insurance Contracts                                                                1 January 2023
                                                        Initial applicable of AASB 17 and AASB 9 – Comparative Information
                        AASB 2021-5                     Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a single transaction   1 January 2023
                        AASB 2021-2                     Disclosure of accounting policies and definition of accounting estimates           1 January 2023

                        These standards are not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s financial position or its performance.




                    120 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 32 – OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


                        Other accounting policies




For personal use only
                        Finance income
                        Finance income is recognised as the interest accrues (using the effective interest method, which applies a rate that
                        discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument) to the net carrying
                        amount of the financial asset.
                        Finance costs
                        Finance costs are recognised as an expense when they are incurred, except for interest charges attributable to major
                        projects with substantial development and construction phases, which are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset.
                        Financial assets
                        A financial asset is classified as at fair value through profit or loss or fair value through other comprehensive income
                        unless it meets the definition of amortised cost. This is determined on initial recognition.
                        Financial assets classified as at amortised cost are measured initially at fair value and adjusted in respect of
                        any incremental and directly attributable transaction costs. All other financial assets are measured at fair value
                        on initial recognition.
                        Reclassification occurs only if there are fundamental changes to the Group’s business model for managing
                        financial assets.
                        Amortised cost
                        A financial asset is classified as at amortised cost only if the asset is held to collect contractual cash flows and the
                        contractual terms of the financial asset give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest.
                        A financial asset is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Any gains and losses are
                        recognised through the amortisation process or when the financial asset is derecognised or impaired.
                        Impairment of financial assets
                        The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
                        through profit or loss. ECLs are determined using historical recovery of contractual cash flows and the amount of loss
                        incurred, adjusted for current economic and credit conditions.
                        An impairment loss is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the
                        contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
                        effective interest rate. Impairment losses on assets classified as amortised cost are recognised in profit or loss when
                        they are expected, not when they are incurred. If a later event causes the impairment loss to decrease, the amount
                        is reversed in profit or loss.
                        Derecognition of financial assets
                        The derecognition of a financial asset takes place when the Group no longer controls the contractual rights that
                        comprise the financial instrument.
                        This is normally the case when the instrument is sold or all the cash flows attributable to the instrument are passed
                        through to an independent third party.
                        Derivatives
                        The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency contracts, interest rate swaps and options
                        to hedge its risks associated with interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations. Such derivative financial instruments
                        are carried at fair value and are financial assets when the fair value is positive and financial liabilities when the fair
                        value is negative.
                        For derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are
                        taken directly to profit or loss for the year.
                        Hedge accounting
                        For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as either fair value hedges when they hedge the exposure
                        to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability; cash flow hedges where they hedge exposure to variability
                        in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a forecasted
                        transaction; or hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
                        Initial recognition
                        At the beginning of a hedge relationship, the Group designates and documents the hedge relationship and the related
                        risk management objective and strategy. The documentation identifies the hedging instrument and the hedged item
                        as well as describing the economic relationship, the hedge ratio between them and potential sources of ineffectiveness.
                        The documentation also includes the nature of the risk being hedged and the method of assessing the hedging
                        instrument’s effectiveness. To achieve hedge accounting, the relationship must be expected to be highly effective and
                        are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine that they continue to meet the risk management objective.




                                                                                                           TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 121
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                    Other
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022


                    NOTE 32 – OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


                        Re-balancing




For personal use only
                        If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer met but the risk management objective remains
                        unchanged and the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the Group will rebalance the relationship
                        by adjusting either the volume of the hedged item or the volume of the hedging instrument.
                        Discontinuation
                        Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedge instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer
                        qualifies for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument
                        recognised in equity is kept in equity until the forecasted transaction occurs. If a hedged transaction is no longer
                        expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is transferred to profit or loss for the year.
                        Gains or losses recognised directly in equity are reclassified into profit and loss in the same period or periods the
                        foreign currency risk affects consolidated profit and loss.
                        Fair value hedges
                        For fair value hedges (for example, interest rate swaps), any gain or loss from remeasuring the hedging instrument is
                        recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Where the adjustment
                        is to the carrying amount of a hedged interest-bearing financial instrument, the adjustment is amortised to the
                        statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income such that it is fully amortised by maturity.
                        Cash flow hedges
                        In relation to cash flow hedges (forward foreign currency contracts) to hedge firm commitments, the portion of the
                        gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognised directly in equity
                        and the ineffective portion is recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        When the hedged item gives rise to the recognition of an asset or a liability, the associated deferred gains or losses
                        are included in the initial measurement of the asset or liability.
                        For all other cash flow hedges, the gains or losses that are recognised in equity are transferred to the statement
                        of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the same period in which the hedged firm commitment affects
                        the profit and loss, for example when the future sale actually occurs.




                    NOTE 33 – CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
                    From time to time, Companies within the Group are party to various legal actions as well as inquiries from regulators and
                    government bodies that have arisen in the normal course of business. The Directors have given consideration to such
                    matters which are or may be subject to claims or litigation at year end and are of the opinion that any liabilities arising
                    over and above already provided in the financial statements from such action would not have a material effect on the
                    Group’s financial performance.
                    It is not practical to estimate the potential effect of these matters however the Group believe that it is not probable that
                    a significant liability will arise.
                    Class actions
                    An Australian shareholder class action has been commenced against TWE Limited.
                    One action was served on 2 April 2020 by Slater & Gordon (S&G) acting for Brett Stallard as trustee for the Stallard
                    superannuation fund. A second action was served on 1 May 2020 by Maurice Blackburn (MB) acting for Steven Napier.
                    The class in both proceedings comprise shareholders who purchased shares between 30 June 2018 and 28 January
                    2020.Both proceedings allege that the Company breached its continuous disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing
                    Rules and the Corporations Act and that it engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct in contravention of the
                    Corporations Act and the ASIC Act. The two actions were consolidated into a single action on 15 October 2020.
                    With regard to claims, the Company strongly denies any and all allegations made against it and is vigorously defending
                    the proceedings.
                    Based on the information currently available, the Company does not know the quantum of the class action. No provision
                    has been recognised at 30 June 2022 in respect of the claim.



                    NOTE 34 – BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS
                    Frank Family Vineyards
                    On 14 December 2021, the Company acquired 100% of the ordinary shares of Frank Family Vineyards LLC (‘FFV’), a Company
                    incorporated in the US. FFV is highly acclaimed luxury wine business based in the Napa Valley, California. comprising two
                    vineyards, a single winery, and a highly renowned tasting room and direct to consumer wine club model.
                    The cash consideration of US$316.9 million was funded by a combination of cash resources (including proceeds from
                    recent US asset divestments) and utilising the Group’s cash and debt facilities.




                    122 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    NOTE 34 – BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
                    From the date of acquisition, FFV contributed $61.0 million revenue and $14.2 million profit before tax from continuing
                    operations of the Group. Estimated F22 EBITS from the acquired entities that would have been earned if the acquisition
                    had occurred at the commencement of the financial year was $28.5 million. Additionally, information relating to the fair




For personal use only
                    value of assets acquired is not available to accurately determine any purchase price accounting adjustments that would
                    have been recognised had the acquisition taken place on 1 July 2021. Transaction and integration costs of $12.8 million
                    were expensed and are included in administration expenses, refer to Note 5 for further detail.
                    Assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                    The value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of FFV at the date of acquisition were:
                                                                                                                              Value recognised on
                                                                                                                           acquisition (provisional)
                                                                                                                                                 $m

                    Assets
                    Cash                                                                                                                         9.6
                    Receivables                                                                                                                   8.1
                    Inventories                                                                                                                 62.4
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               148.1
                    Brand names                                                                                                                 151.3
                    Licenses                                                                                                                     8.8
                    Deferred tax asset                                                                                                           5.0
                                                                                                                                               393.3
                    Liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                                                                                     9.9
                    Employee entitlement provisions                                                                                              0.2
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                     5.0
                                                                                                                                                 15.1
                    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                378.2
                    Goodwill and intangible assets arising on acquisition                                                                       57.4
                    Purchase consideration                                                                                                    435.6



                    Analysis of cash flows on acquisition

                    Cash consideration paid                                                                                                   435.6
                    Cash acquired as part of the acquisition                                                                                     9.6
                    Net cash flow outflow on acquisition (included in cash flows from investing activities)                                   426.0

                    These amounts have been measured on a provisional basis. If new information obtained within one year of the date
                    of acquisition about facts and circumstances that existed at the date of the acquisition identifies adjustments to the
                    above amounts, or any additional provisions that existed at the date of acquisition, the accounting for the acquisition
                    will be revised.
                    Other business acquisition
                    During the year the Group acquired production and vineyard assets in the Bordeaux region of France to expand its French
                    country-of-origin portfolio, centered on the Penfolds brand. Cash consideration of $8.0 million was paid to acquire 100%
                    of Société Civile de la Gironville the owner of these assets.


                    NOTE 35 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                    Since the end of the financial year, the Directors approved a final 100% franked dividend of 16.0 cents per share.
                    This dividend has not been recognised as a liability in the consolidated financial statements at 30 June 2022.
                    On 1 July 2022 the Group purchased a number of vineyard assets in America for US$73 million that were previously subject
                    to long term lease arrangements. These assets have been acquired with a view to resale in F23 as part of the ongoing
                    restructure of supply assets in America.
                    In July 2022 the Group agreed to acquire a 78.6% stake in Chateau Lanessan, including its production and vineyard
                    assets in the Bordeaux region of France. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition is expected to be approximately
                    A$60 million, including a capital injection to fund winery and vineyard development. Completion is expected in
                    October 2022, subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent.
                    The Directors are not aware of any other matters or circumstances that have arisen since the end of the financial year
                    which have significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations
                    or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.


                                                                                                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 123
                    Directors’ declaration
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022



                    In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Treasury Wine Estates Limited, the Directors declare that:
                    (a) In the Directors’ opinion, the financial statements and notes 1 to 35 are in accordance with the
                         Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                        (i)	complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional
                             reporting requirements; and
                        (ii)	giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance
                              for the financial year ended on that date.
                    (b)	In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that Treasury Wine Estates Limited will be able to pay
                         its debts as and when they become due and payable.
                    (c)	There are reasonable grounds to believe that members of the Closed Group identified in note 27 will be able to meet
                         any liabilities to which they are or may become, subject because of the Deed of Cross Guarantee described in note
                         29.
                    (d)	Note 1 confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
                         by the International Accounting Standards Board.
                    (e)	The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as required
                         by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                    Paul Rayner                    Tim Ford
                    Chairman                       Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                    18 August 2022
                    Melbourne, Australia




                    124 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Independent auditor’s report




For personal use only



                                            TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 125
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




For personal use only



                    126 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only



                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 127
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




For personal use only



                    128 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only



                        TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 129
                    Details of shareholders, shareholdings
                    and top 20 shareholders
                    DETAILS OF SHAREHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDINGS
                    Holding of securities
                                                                                                      No. of              No. of      % held by




For personal use only
                    LISTED SECURITIES 11 JULY 2022                                                  holders              shares          top 20

                    Fully paid ordinary shares                                                       83,760        721,848,176            84.06

                                                                                                                           No. of        Total %
                    Size of holding                                                                                      holders           held

                    1 – 1,000                                                                                             59,100             3.21
                    1,001 – 5,000                                                                                          21,616           6.27
                    5,001 – 10,000                                                                                          2,101           2.03
                    10,001 – 100,000                                                                                        879             2.67
                    100,001 and over                                                                                          64          85.82
                    Total                                                                                                83,760              100

                    As at 11 July 2022, the number of shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of $500 worth of shares,
                    based on the closing market price on that date of $11.36 per share, is 1,646.


                    TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS – 11 JULY 2022

                                                                                                   No. of fully paid              % of fully paid
                    Rank        Shareholder                                                        ordinary shares              ordinary shares

                    1.          HSBC Custody Nominees                                                  269,512,025                         37.34
                    2.          J P Morgan Nominees Australia                                          182,019,304                         25.22
                    3.          Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                             70,117,667                         9.71
                    4.          National Nominees Limited                                               30,702,392                          4.25
                    5.          BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                             25,760,731                         3.57
                    6.          Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Limited                          13,398,845                          1.86
                    7.          Argo Investments Limited                                                 3,250,000                          0.45
                    8.          HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <GSCO Customers A/C>           3,233,866                          0.45
                    9.          BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd <DRP A/C>          2,700,992                          0.37
                    10.         Mutual Trust Pty Ltd                                                      1,599,182                         0.22
                    11.         NewEconomy Com AU Nominees Pty Limited <900 Account>                     1,364,520                           0.19
                    12.         Milton Corporation Limited                                               1,206,363                           0.17
                    13.         Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                         1,104,644                          0.15
                    14.         UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       972,927                           0.13
                    15.         Sandhurst Trustees Ltd <Harper Bernays Ltd A/C>                           968,030                            0.13
                    16.         BKI Investment Company Limited                                             850,301                           0.12
                    17.         CPU Share Plans Pty Ltd <TWE Unallocated A/C>                              755,847                           0.10
                    18.         BNP Paribas Noms (NZ) Ltd <DRP>                                                718,919                       0.10
                    19.         Netwealth Investments Limited <Super Services A/C>                        649,882                           0.09
                    20.         Mrs Xinying Zhou                                                           555,919                          0.08
                    Total                                                                             611,442,356                          84.71


                    SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS – 11 JULY 2022
                    The following shareholders have declared a relevant interest in the number of voting shares at the date of giving
                    the notice under Part 6C.1 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

                                                                                                   No. of fully paid              % of fully paid
                    Institution                                                                    ordinary shares              ordinary shares

                    Capital Group                                                                       68,677,969                           9.51
                    BlackRock Group                                                                     45,713,004                          6.33
                    State Street Corporation                                                           36,604,889                           5.07



                    130 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Shareholder information
                    ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND DIRECTOR                         For enquiries relating to the operations of the Company,
                    NOMINATIONS                                                 please contact the Investor Relations team on:
                    The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will        Telephone: +61 3 8533 3000
                    be held at 10:00am on Tuesday, 18 October 2022 (AEDT).




For personal use only
                                                                                Facsimile: +61 3 9685 8001
                    Full details will be contained in the Company’s Notice      Email: investors@tweglobal.com
                    of Meeting to be available on the Company’s website         Website: www.tweglobal.com
                    prior to the meeting. All director nominations for
                    election at the 2022 AGM are to be received in writing      Address:
                    no later than 5:00pm (AEST) on Tuesday, 30 August 2022:     Level 8, 161 Collins Street
                                                                                Melbourne Victoria 3000
                    By mail: Company Secretary                                  Australia
                    Treasury Wine Estates Limited                               ADR Depositary and Transfer Agent:
                    Level 8, 161 Collins Street
                    Melbourne, Victoria 3000                                    BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
                    Australia                                                   462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600
                                                                                Louisville KY 40202
                    By fax: +61 3 9690 5196                                     United States of America
                    VOTING RIGHTS                                               Postal address:
                    Shareholders are encouraged to participate in the AGM,      PO Box 505000
                    however, when this is not possible, shareholders may        Louisville KY 40233 – 5000
                    appoint a proxy to participate in the AGM in their place.   United States of America

                    Every shareholder participating in the AGM personally       Telephone: 1888 269 2377 – toll free (US)
                    or by proxy, attorney or representative has, on a poll,     International: +1 201 680 6825
                    one vote for each fully paid share held.                    Email: shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com
                                                                                Website: www-us.computershare.com/investor
                    SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                                                                                ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
                    Treasury Wine Estates Limited shares are listed on the
                    Australian Securities Exchange under the code ‘TWE’.        The Company has an online share registry facility
                                                                                where shareholders can:
                    Treasury Wine Estates Limited ordinary shares are
                    traded in the US in the form of American Depositary         • check their current and previous holding balances
                    Receipts (ADR) issued by The Bank of New York Mellon        • update their address details
                    as Depositary.
                                                                                • update their bank details
                    SHARE REGISTER AND OTHER ENQUIRIES                          • review their dividend history
                    If you have any questions in relation to your
                                                                                • confirm whether they have lodged a TFN/ABN
                    shareholding, share transfers or dividends,
                                                                                  exemption
                    please contact our share registry:
                                                                                • elect to receive communications and Company
                    Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited                   information electronically and change Annual
                    Yarra Falls 452 Johnston Street                               Report elections
                    Abbotsford Victoria 3067
                    Australia                                                   • download commonly used forms.

                    Telephone: 1800 158 360 (Australia)                         To access the online share registry, log on to
                    International: +61 3 9415 4208                              www.tweglobal.com, go to the Shareholder Information
                    Facsimile: +61 3 9473 2500                                  section located under the Investors menu and click the
                                                                                ‘online share registry’ icon. For security and privacy
                    For faxing Proxy Forms only: +61 3 9473 2555 (outside       reasons, shareholders will be required to verify their
                    Australia) or 1800 783 447 (within Australia)               identity before they can view their records.
                    Website: www.investorcentre.com/contact
                                                                                TAX FILE NUMBERS, AUSTRALIAN BUSINESS NUMBERS
                    Please include your securityholder reference number         OR EXEMPTIONS
                    (SRN) or holder identification number (HIN) in all
                                                                                Australian taxpayers who do not provide details of their
                    correspondence to the share registry.
                                                                                tax file number will have any unfranked portions of
                                                                                dividends subjected to the top marginal personal tax
                                                                                rate plus Medicare levy (if applicable). It may be in the
                                                                                interests of shareholders to ensure that tax file numbers
                                                                                have been supplied to the share registry. Shareholders
                                                                                may request a form from the share registry or submit
                                                                                their details via the online share registry.




                                                                                                 TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022 – 131
                    SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




                    CHANGE OF ADDRESS
                    It is important for shareholders to notify the share
                    registry of any change of address. As a security
                    measure, the previous address should also be quoted




For personal use only
                    as well as your securityholder reference number (SRN).
                    Shareholders may access the online share registry
                    to submit their details, or download a personalised
                    change of address form.

                    SHAREHOLDER WINE OFFER – CELLARDOOR.CO
                    AND THEWINESHOP.COM
                    Shareholders in Australia and the US have the
                    opportunity to purchase the Company’s wines through
                    Cellardoor.co and TheWineShop.com, respectively.
                    Cellardoor.co is an exclusive members-only online
                    wine community for shareholders and family and
                    friends of Treasury Wine Estates. As proud custodians
                    of awarded and recognised wineries, we invite
                    Australian shareholders to join Cellardoor.co and
                    establish a direct connection to our iconic vineyards.
                    By joining Cellardoor.co you will have 24/7 access to
                    an exceptional range of wines from Treasury Wine
                    Estates’ award winning wineries at exclusive
                    shareholder prices.
                    TheWineShop.com is Treasury Wine Estates’ multi-
                    branded US shopping experience that highlights many
                    of the most historic and recognised wineries in Napa
                    and Sonoma. A new website for us, TheWineShop.com
                    will continue to evolve and offer more and more
                    offerings as time goes on. As a TWE shareholder,
                    we invite you to save 30% off any purchase you make
                    by using the promo code TWESHARE at checkout.
                    Australian shareholders
                    To become a Cellardoor.co member - Go to
                    invite.cellardoor.co/twe-shareholder1 and enter
                    Access Code 89374 to register.
                    US shareholders:
                    Visit www.thewineshop.com/?utm_
                    source=Shareholders&utm_medium=email&utm_
                    campaign=TWE_Shareholders_email to shop our
                    portfolio.

                    TREASURY WINE ESTATES LIMITED
                    ABN 24 004 373 862

                    COMPANY SECRETARY
                    Kirsten Gray BA LLB (Hons), PDM

                    REGISTERED OFFICE
                    Level 8, 161 Collins Street
                    Melbourne Victoria 3000 Australia
                    Telephone: +61 3 8533 3000




                    132 – TREASURY WINE ESTATES ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                For personal use only
tweglobal.com
