      ai171352853475̲Jinxin AR2023 Cover V01 28.5mm OP.pdf 1 19/4/2024 下午8:08




                                                                                    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                                                                  Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                                                                                *                                                                                                                 *
                   （根據開曼群島法律註冊成立的有限公司）                                                                               (Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                     股份代號： 01951                                                                                     Stock Code: 01951



                    年報                                                                                               Annual Report
                    2023                                                                                             2023

                                                                                      錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
 C



 M



 Y



CM



MY



CY



CMY



 K




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 年報



                        * 僅供識別                                                                                         * For identification purposes only
Contents
Page



  2    Company Profile
  4    Corporate Information
  6    Financial Summary
  7    Chairman’s Statement
 14 Management Discussion and Analysis
 39 Directors and Senior Management
 48 Report of Directors
 89 Corporate Governance Report
 106 Independent Auditor’s Report
 111 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
       Comprehensive Income
 113 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 115 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 118 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 121 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 242 Definitions
    Company Profile



    The Group is a leading ARS provider in China and the United States. Leveraging the Group’s existing
    market leadership in China and the United States, the Group is uniquely positioned to capture unmet
    demand of ARS patients in China and the United States as well as growth opportunities in both markets.
    The Group endeavors to provide patients with personalized solutions to fulfill their dreams of becoming
    parents.

    The Group has established a competitive advantage on branding, technology, medical staff and
    management in a market with significant entry barriers. All hospitals established in the Group’s network
    are recognized as top-notch in their respective regional market, including but not limited to Sichuan
    Province, the Greater Bay Area, Yunnan Province and the Western United States, which contributes to the
    Group’s leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States. In 2021, the Group acquired
    the Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), RHC (brand name: Gratia Medical Center) and ARC
    to expand its footprint in Sichuan Province and the Greater Bay Area and diversified its service offerings
    to provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal, childbirth
    and postpartum. The Group acquired a new property in February 2022, which will be officially put into
    operation in first half of 2025 for our Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, with a view to capture the anticipated
    growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater Bay Area and expand its
    capacity by enhancing spatial and environmental factors, as well as to expand the VIP service to satisfy
    the multi-dimensional needs of our patients. The Group also completed the acquisition of controlling
    interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital, thereby, further expanding the Company’s market
    share and influence in Southwest China. In late 2022, the Group conducted an internal restructuring
    to enable Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) to further expand its scope of offerings and
    provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics Services, being the cutting-edge technology
    for pre-natal examination in accordance with the applicable PRC laws. In April 2023, Chengdu Xinan
    Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) merged their ARS-related medical licenses
    to Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, building a strong reputation and enhanced its market influence in ARS,
    obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively with to their excellent medical quality and
    superior service experiences. We expect to further promote the synergistic effects of the two hospitals and
    strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. As part of our growth strategies, HRC Medical
    has been attracting and recruiting new doctors to enhance its business development and market share
    in ARS industry in the U.S. In 2023, HRC Medical successfully recruited 6 new doctors, amongst them,
    3 commenced practicing at HRC Medical in 2023, and 3 will get onboard in the next 1 to 2 years. HRC
    Management continued to collaborate with the University of Southern California (“USC”), a leading private
    research university in the United States, and its fertility medicine practice of the reproductive and infertility
    endocrinology division at the Keck School of Medicine (“USC Fertility”). We have further deepened our
    collaboration with USC Fertility where (i) the doctors from USC Fertility practiced and provided clinical
    services at the Pasadena Clinic under HRC; (ii) the number of physicians participating in USC’s fellowship
    program increased from 2 to 4 with the support of HRC to nurture more physicians; and (iii) HRC
    Management and USC Fertility co-founded a research committee and collaborated on IVF-related clinical
    research to improve the quality of fertility treatment.




2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Company Profile



The Group expects the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive services in China to
significantly increase as the PRC government implements supportive policies and supportive measures
to encourage fertility. In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
State Council issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced
Population Development” (《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), where couples are allowed
to have up to three children, and supportive measures are being introduced covering various aspects to
encourage births. The “Human Assisted Reproductive Technology Application Plan (2015–2020)” (《人
類輔助生殖技術應用規劃(2015–2020)》) issued by the National Health Commission aims to promote the
healthy development of the reproductive medicine industry in an orderly manner to meet the market
demands. According to a recent reply by the National Health Commission, it has launched the revision of
administrative measures, basis standards and technical specifications related to assisted reproductive
technology in order to establish and improve legal egg donation and storage channel. In August 2022,
17 governmental authorities including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further
Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持
措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including
maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance
with the procedures, gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in
the coverage of such medical insurance funds.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    STRATEGIC DECISIONS
    Executive Directors                                   COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                             Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. John G. Wilcox                                    Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. Fang Min
    Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)             Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Dr. Geng Lihong                                       Mr. Li Jianwei


    Non-executive Directors                               MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
    Mr. Fang Min
                                                          R&D COMMITTEE
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                            Mr. Zhong Ying (Chairman)
    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                      Dr. Chong Yat Keung
                                                          Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Independent Non-executive Directors                   Mr. Zeng Yong
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Li Jianwei                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                       Ms. Zhai Yangyang
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                      Ms. Ng Sau Mei

    AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT                             AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    COMMITTEE                                             Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                           Ms. Ng Sau Mei
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Fang Min                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hu Zhe
                                                          Third Floor, Century Yard, Cricket Square
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                                          P.O. Box 902, Grand Cayman
                                                          KY1-1103
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Cayman Islands
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Fang Min
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                        Corporate Information



HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL                  AUDITOR
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
No. 301, North Jingsha Road                 Certified Public Accountants
Jinjiang District, Chengdu                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Sichuan, China                              35/F One Pacific Place
                                            88 Queensway
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                 Hong Kong

IN HONG KONG
                                            STOCK CODE
Unit No. 1907B
Level 19, International Commerce Centre,    1951
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
Hong Kong                                   COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                            www.jxr-fertility.com
CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Services (Cayman Islands) Limited
Third Floor, Century Yard, Cricket Square
P.O. Box 902, Grand Cayman
KY1-1103
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
Fangda Partners
26/F, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong




                                                   Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   5
    Financial Summary



                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                      2019        2020         2021       2022          2023
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000        RMB’000


    Operating results
    Revenue                                       1,648,496   1,426,088    1,838,826    2,364,479    2,788,910
    Gross profit                                    816,795     565,781      771,482      874,319    1,175,445
    Profit before taxation                          547,900     349,134      457,927      154,324      464,268
    Net profit                                      420,677     260,496      353,697      117,949      346,983
    Adjusted net profit                             530,347     372,278      455,276      274,136      471,451
    Profitability
    Gross profit margin                              49.5%       39.7%        42.0%        37.0%        42.1%
    Net profit margin                                25.5%       18.3%        19.2%         5.0%        12.4%
    Adjusted net profit margin                       32.2%       26.1%        24.8%        11.6%        16.9%


                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                      2019       2020        2021        2022           2023
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


    Financial position
    Total assets                                  8,941,145   9,163,227   12,825,390   15,232,037   14,896,177
    Total equity                                  7,642,395   7,462,486    8,752,701    8,735,128   10,186,812
    Total liabilities                             1,298,750   1,700,741    4,072,689    6,496,909    4,709,365
    Bank balances and cash                          579,637     681,619      862,325    1,316,549      624,280




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                     Chairman’s Statement



Dear Shareholders,

We welcomed the conclusion of the 3-year long pandemic and our business started to regain its
momentum despite the circumstances of the continuing consumption decline, China’s medical reform
and the worrying outlook for fertility. The year of 2023 is considered to resemble a misty morning. In
my opinion, the industry players will eventually embrace improved prospects and a brighter future with
confident measures after getting through this mist.

BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2023, our revenue increased by 18% year-on-year and our adjusted net profit increased by 72%
year-on-year as compared to 2022. 2022 was a year severely impacted by the pandemic and comparing
the results of 2023 with 2022 may not be worth referring to. However, from the perspective of growth
within hospitals at our headquarter, revenue grew at a CAGR of 11.1% from 2019 to 2023. Despite the
PRC government announced the full lifting of the pandemic lockdown in December 2022, the first wave
of infection peaked in late December 2022 across the nation, and the second wave of infection peaked
around the Chinese New Year in late January 2023. Therefore, at the beginning of 2023, all medical
institutions across the country focused their energy on pandemic monitoring and early warning, and on
safeguarding patients’ treatment after infection, etc.. We were no exception. For patients preparing for
pregnancy, it is usually recommended to prepare for pregnancy at least 3–6 months after recovering
from infection, and assisted reproductive medical treatment is relatively less imperative as compared to
oncology and cardiovascular medical treatment. Hence, our patients are at liberty to choose the time of
commencing assisted reproductive medical treatment. It was not until the second quarter of 2023 that
patients started to ask for initial diagnosis and creating their medical profile at our hospitals, and we did
not encounter this year’s peak until the second half of 2023. Hence, we are very pleased with the results
delivered by our team. During the pandemic, our team has not only ensured the effectiveness of their own
work but also actively supported the public welfare initiative of the government.

OUTLOOK
This year marks the 5th anniversary of the listing of Jinxin Fertility. Taking the opportunity afforded by the
release of this annual report, I would also like to share my views on some issues that may be of concern to
you.

CONSUMPTION DOUBTS
Quite a few investors are skeptical about China’s economy and spending power. Consistent with the “misty
morning” image that I mentioned above, I believe that we are currently in the middle of the mist, and it
is still unclear how long it will take for us to get through the mist. I remain confident in China’s economic
growth and spending power in the medium to long term. China’s urbanization rate is only 65%, with a
gap of 20% from the United States, but there is still strong economic resilience and potential in China.
China’s residential savings rate is over 45%, while Europe’s residential savings rate is approximately 10 to
20%, and the United States’ residential savings rate is less than 5%, meaning that China has huge latent
spending power.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Chairman’s Statement



    In terms of the CPI in February 2024, the CPI for services increased by 1.9% year-on-year, reaching its
    highest point since the second half of 2019. Despite the impact of the Chinese New Year holidays, among
    other things, the increase in the growth rate of prices of medical services was the highest other than travel
    and transport. This shows that in times of economic downturn, the public is still more willing to invest in
    health among various service areas. Therefore, we always say that medical services have tremendous
    development potential and higher profit growth to resist any cyclical risks.

    MEDICAL REFORM
    After the pandemic, doubts may have been cast on the positioning of private medical institutions in the
    country, with some observers speculating that private medical institutions cannot undertake public health
    functions, and therefore the country may be more inclined to support the development of public hospitals
    and suppress the development of private hospitals. However, I personally do not think so. I consider that
    the deepening of the national reform of the medical system has been effective, and that China’s medical
    system is effective and efficient in protecting the lives of its people and health, and has made significant
    progress in recent years.

    At present, with the deepening of the medical reform, there are bound to be challenges, but this is also
    necessarily similar to how new flesh can only grow when tumour has been eradicated. Policies during
    the period of change are like surgical scalpels, which make people afraid and uncomfortable. When the
    disease enters a period of stable recovery, the policies will turn into daily medical advice, such as eat
    less and move more, going to bed early and getting up early, and making regular follow-up appointments.
    It is normal that the policies of all political bodies will change in different situations, but the government
    is learning to provide stable policy expectations through marketing, rule of law and internationalization
    during the process. In February 2024, the Standing Committee of the State Council (“SCSC”) discussed
    and emphasized the topic of “creating a stable, transparent and predictable policy environment”. For
    enterprises, what they need to learn is to ask themselves from time to time: What is the right thing to do?
    What is the right way to go? What do the society, the country, and the people need? And what is beneficial
    to the long-term interests of the society, the country, and the people? As long as an enterprise insists
    on doing the right thing, the surgical scalpel will not be swung in your direction even if the policies are
    loosened and adjusted from time to time.

    China’s medical reform is not intended to support or suppress certain types of medical institutions based
    on their ownership, but rather to promote the expansion and balanced distribution of quality medical
    resources, continue to promote the shift from focusing on treating illnesses to focusing on people’s
    health, and continue to promote solutions to the problems of difficult and unaffordable access to medical
    treatment. Therefore, returning to the nature of healthcare, we have to ask ourselves: Are we a quality
    medical resource? Have we promoted the expansion and balanced distribution of medical resources?
    Have we changed our focus from treating patients to people’s health? Have we helped to solve the
    problems of difficult and unaffordable access to medical treatment? My answer is “yes”, and we will
    continue to think about it and promote the course.




8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                      Chairman’s Statement



In September 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) established the Bureau of
Private Economic Development (民營經濟發展局) to strengthen the development of the private economy,
which was the State’s response to the issue of ownership. In February 2024, the Shanghai Pudong New
District Health Commission issued the Guidelines on the Establishment of Socially-Operated Medical
Institutions in Pudong New District (2024 Edition) (《浦 東 新 區 社 會 辦 醫 療 機 構 舉 辦 指 引（2024年 版）》),
which is the first move aimed at clarifying the direction of the development of private medical institutions
in the wake of the pandemic. Shanghai Pudong, as the peak of China’s economic, social and cultural
development, has to a certain extent echoed the national supportive direction in its policies. The document
clearly sets out five types of medical institutions that are supported and encouraged to be organized by
private enterprise. These institutions are characterized by quality, scale, credibility and scarcity, including
“high-quality medical institutions organized by medical groups that are well known both at home and
abroad”. It is gratifying to note that we belong to this category of medical institutions.

During the pandemic, there were a few institutions that experienced tremendous growth, and also a few
institutions that went through bleak times. According to available statistics, nearly 2,000 private hospitals
closed down. In our opinion, the closure of private hospitals means that they may not belong to the class
of institutions that are encouraged by the government on the one hand, and some private hospitals have
historically encountered problems in choosing the model of development on the other hand. These private
hospitals mainly acquire customers through marketing, focus on services and rental properties.

The problem is that with the rise of Generation Y and Z (born in 1980–2010), this generation has
sufficient internet tools and information channels to understand every aspect of a hospital. Through quick
research, they will know whether the price-performance ratio is high or not, what the environment and
services are like, and even whether the doctor’s attitude is good or not. They are less easily influenced
by advertisements, and are more rational in their choices. Coupled with public hospitals’ investment in
infrastructural facilities and the importance they attach to services, the requirements of private hospitals
being more comprehensive and three-dimensional, hospitals relying solely on services can no longer
compete effectively. This is why we have adhered to our specialty. Furthermore, during the pandemic,
hospitals that lease their properties were more prone to financial risks. Fixed expenses such as annual rent
and manpower are enough to cause a hospital struggle in difficult times until it closes down. This is also
the reason why we have constantly endeavour to use self-owned properties. Although it is difficult at the
beginning, we are less prone to risks, and the situation will only improve later on.

Therefore, the medical reform is also a process enabling the fittest private hospitals to survive, thus leaving
behind a group of quality private hospitals. This is equivalent to the establishment of higher competitive
barriers for these private hospitals, and will assist the long-term development of public hospitals in the
future.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Chairman’s Statement



     INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
     In 2016, the number of newborn babies in China was approximately 18.5 million and the number of
     assisted reproductive cycles performed was approximately 650,000. In 2023, the number of newborn
     babies in China was approximately 9 million and the number of assisted reproduction cycles was
     approximately 1.8 million. In other words, the number of newborn babies has declined at a CAGR of 9.78%
     in the last 7 years, and the number of assisted reproduction cycles has increased at a CAGR of 15.66% in
     the same interval. The base of assisted reproduction in 2016 was too small to be relevant. Now focusing
     on the last 3 years, the number of births in 2021 was approximately 10.62 million and approximately
     9.02 million in 2023; the number of assisted reproduction cycles in 2021 was approximately 1.74 million
     and approximately 1.89 million in 2023. Therefore, the number of births over the last 3 years has been
     declining at an annualized rate of 7.84% whereas the number of assisted reproduction cycles has been
     increasing at a rate of 4.22%, and there is still an increase of more than 2% in 2023 as compared to 2022.

     This means the number of assisted reproduction cycles continued to steadily increase despite the
     dramatically declining number of births. This indicates the society’s acceptance of, and demand for,
     assisted reproduction medical service is growing, and that its growth rate has already hedged against or
     even exceeded the rate of decline in the number of births. We can use the previous figures to estimate that
     the penetration level of assisted reproduction grew at a CAGR of 28% over the previous seven years and
     at a CAGR of 13% over the previous three years.

     So, will the number of births in China continue to decline dramatically? If not, according to the normal
     growth rate of assisted reproduction penetration, there should be an annualized endogenous growth
     of 10% or more in the future. In my view, the number of births in China will not continue to decline
     dramatically, but should start to stabilize. Whether it grows steadily or declines steadily after stabilization
     will depend on the impact of changes in economic and social factors on the new generation of
     childbearing people. The reason for this was that China experienced two birth peaks after 1970, one
     around 1970 and one in 1986 to 1990, both of which peaked at more than 25 million newborn babies. The
     reason for the birth peak again in 2016 was that it coincided with the childbearing age of the group of
     young people who were born in the late 80’s and early 90’s. The second reason was that China happened
     to liberalize its two-child policy in 2016, which also stimulated the fertility intentions of people born in
     the 1970s. The decline in the number of births from approximately 25 million to approximately 15 million
     between 1987 and 2003 also explains why the births also slumped by nearly 10 million accordingly for this
     group with the childbearing age from 2016 to 2023.

     Since 2003, the number of newborn babies stabilized until 2010, basically staying around 15 million per
     year; then it started to pick up in 2010 and reached several peaks in 2012, 2014 and 2016, peaking at
     approximately 19 million newborn babies per year. And those born in 2003 will gradually enter the actual
     childbearing age in 2024. Therefore, I do not think the number of newborn babies will continue to decline
     dramatically, but whether it rises or falls depends on the willingness to give birth and the confidence that
     economic reforms, education reforms and others instill to young people. At the same time, it remains to
     be seen whether the rise of the national trend and the revival of traditional Chinese culture among the
     younger generation will bring about the penetration of traditional Chinese family values. However, as
     assisted reproductive technology is becoming more and more accepted, frozen egg, frozen embryo, and
     acceptance of assisted reproductive technology should be the general trend under the inevitable trend
     of delayed age of childbearing. Therefore, I believe that as the group of young people born between
     2003 and 2018 reach their childbearing age, coupled with the influencing factors of delayed age of
     childbearing, China’s assisted reproductive medical treatment will gradually enter into golden era of
     development for the next 20 years..




10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                    Chairman’s Statement



By 2022, the assisted reproduction market in North America accounted for 21.57% of the global market;
assisted reproduction market in Europe accounted for 31.98% of the global market, and China accounted
for 18.80%. In contrast, the population of North America is 370 million, the population of Europe is 746
million, and the population of China is 1.41 billion. Proportionately, China’s assisted reproduction market
still has room for three-or even four-folds further growth.

The impact of medical insurance on the assisted reproduction industry is mainly positive. Recently, an
article released by the National Health Insurance Bureau described the effects of Guangxi’s inclusion of
assisted reproduction in its medical insurance, reporting that “in the five months since the implementation
of the policy, the medical insurance fund has spent approximately RMB114 million, with a reimbursement
ratio of 59.13%”. “Over the past few months, the number of outpatient visits to assisted reproduction
institutions across the autonomous region reached 607,700, representing an increase of 35.64%
year-on-year”.

We are not worried about prices and billing. Firstly, our pricing has always been in line with the pricing of
public hospitals, and is not unreasonably high. Secondly, domestic assisted reproduction drugs, reagents
and consumables are becoming more and more mature, and we can even achieve a balance between
the price limit of medical insurance and meeting the needs of doctors and patients for treatment. Thirdly,
the implementation of zero mark-up on medicines has always not had much impact on the cost of medical
services, and this is in line with the guiding spirit of the “Sanming Medical Reform (三明醫改)”. Fourthly,
most of the hospitals of our division are located in the capital cities of relevant provinces, and all of
them belong to the designated scope of medical insurance, and the local financial support for medical
insurance is strong.

NEW EXPLORATIONS
The prospect of the industry is promising, but we have encountered bottlenecks and difficulties in the
course of our historical development.

Although our headquarter hospital was converted from an old public hospital with a history of over 70
years, and our team has accumulated deep experience in the field of medical services, we commenced
competition and expansion in a conglomerate manner after our listing in 2019. Since then, we have
established facilities in Wuhan, Yunnan and other places successively according to the needs of
development. We also started to explore to the route of rapidly empowering acquired hospitals through the
Group’s middle office, establishing a standardized empowerment module, and matching the management
relationship between the Group and hospitals, while expanding rapidly after our listing. During this
process, we have accumulated substantial experience and learned many lessons. Fortunately, our young
team is still extremely strong and resilient, and after nearly five years of exploration, we have gradually
established a set of methodologies, including unified supply chain management, which reduces the
cost of the supply chain through group purchasing; unified quality control management requirements,
quality control training and regular quality control inspections; and guidance on the methodology of
constructing and operating specialities, which brings in new business revenue and increases profits
through the construction of specialties and refined management. We believe that through the experiences
accumulated and lessons learned, the team’s ability to carry out mergers, acquisitions and integration
will only become stronger. In addition, the team is actively exploring other models such as integration of
hospitals and self-operated media for marketing activities.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   11
     Chairman’s Statement



     In the five years since our listing, we have encountered bottlenecks in our expansion approach. The
     valuation of assisted reproduction licenses in the PRC was abnormally high, and the difficulty in obtaining
     new licenses limited the pace of business development in the PRC. On the one hand, we are actively
     seeking development overseas to create new support. Given the fact that there are no restrictions on
     assisted reproduction licenses in the U.S., we created a “physician as partner” incentive system in
     the U.S., which attracted more outstanding U.S. physicians to join us, resulting in the expansion of the
     market. Meanwhile, we have been proactively establishing our presence in emerging markets such as
     Southeast Asia. For example, although Indonesia has a population of approximately 280 million, the
     number of newborn babies in the past decade ranges from 4.5 million to 5 million per annum, and although
     Vietnam has population of approximately 100 million, the number of newborn babies is approximately 1.5
     million. The natural growth rate of the population of major countries in Southeast Asia is approximately
     1%, whereas the PRC has already entered the negative band. Therefore, establishing our presence in
     Southeast Asia is also an important strategic direction for the Company in the next stage. We are also
     actively exploring the development model in the PRC. Due to the high valuation of the licenses and the
     local nature of medical treatment, we have established the strategy of deepening the development in a
     single region, such that we will deepen and broaden our assisted reproduction business and build up a
     good brand image firstly with local assisted reproduction licenses, based on which we will then introduce
     gynecology, pediatrics, andrology, traditional Chinese medicine and other related specialties according
     to the follow-up medical needs of the same population. Our flagship hospitals provide a good example.
     Furthermore, we have created the demand for medical care at nearby medical facility in the lower-tier
     markets during the pandemic, and we are actively exploring various models of distribution and cooperation
     among medical institutions in the lower-tier areas.

     In addition, we are pleased to see that a group of Chinese scientists and enterprises have come to the
     forefront of the world in terms of technology and products in the relevant fields. On the one hand, the
     local manufacturing and the exportation of products are no longer unattainable. On the other hand, they
     have solved the technological bottlenecks restricting the development of the industry, which may open
     up the ceiling of the industry at a higher level. The quality substitution of related products by domestic
     products provides us with the possibility of further reducing the cost of the supply chain, as well as
     potential opportunities for strategic collaboration between the front-end and the back-end in the future.
     The global breakthroughs made by some Chinese scientists in assisted reproduction technology, such as
     the increase in the recovery rate of frozen eggs, may provide a technical basis for the liberalization of the
     egg freezing policy in the PRC. These outstanding scientists and enterprises breakthrough the industry
     ceiling and they may become our long-term partners for strategic cooperation and even for investment.
     Meanwhile, emerging technologies such as cell and gene therapy are still developing, and some of the
     treatment directions and technical characteristics are naturally compatible with our field. We also keep
     monitoring the situation and will plan in advance for corresponding technical cooperation and acquisition
     of qualifications, so that we can be the first to seize the opportunities when they arise. In 2023, the
     Company also obtained the GCP (the institution for national drug clinical trials) qualification, published
     more than 60 scientific articles (including 44 articles in SCI), and obtained funds from the Natural National
     Science Foundation of China and won the the Science and Technology Progress Award successively. As
     our founder, Ms. Fan Yulan (范玉蘭), has repeatedly stressed the importance of “developing our hospitals
     with science and technology research driven approach (科技興院)” in the new era, we will firmly implement
     and make our strategic layout planning in the right form and at the right timing.




12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement



CONCLUSION
Jinxin Fertility is a long-standing and renowned enterprise in a young and exciting industry. Jinxin
Fertility will surely become a century-old enterprise with a long lifespan by leveraging our understanding
to the features of the medical industry and our successful overcoming of private high-quality hospitals’
competitive barriers. Even with the rise of artificial intelligence in the future, we believe that, as the oldest
profession in the history of mankind, humanized medical services cannot be replaced. Therefore, Jinxin
Fertility has a lot of room for growth in the long run. We are not afraid to learn new lessons on the way, and
it is our ability to keep evolving that matters.

However, the future of Jinxin Fertility belongs to the young people. Our management and medical staff
have made improvements since the listing, and they are now the most important shareholders and “de
facto controllers” of Jinxin Fertility. They are the most important group of people who will accompany Jinxin
Fertility as it seizes opportunities in the upcoming golden era for the next twenty years and becomes a
century-old enterprise. We hope that investors will believe in the team that has grown up in competition,
recovered from the toughest times, and continued to improve and evolve. The older generation of Jinxin
people will share their knowledge and guide them through the mist and take off into the open sky.




Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
Zhong Yong
Chairman

March 27, 2024




                                                                 Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     BUSINESS UPDATES
     In 2023, the Company gradually recovered from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In line with
     its long-term business development strategies, the Company continued to optimize and enhance its
     capabilities from all aspects, including clinical standards, talent nurturing, scientific research and
     innovation, inventing new disciplines, organization construction, supply chain management, production
     capacity expansion, adopting new information systems and business integration. This lays a solid
     foundation for business recovery and growth in the post-pandemic era. In the past year, the Company has
     also achieved remarkable results in these areas.

     In terms of our assisted reproductive business, we are committed to continuously improving the success
     rate of our fertility treatments, enhancing patient experience and strengthening our market reputation and
     influence in the ARS industry. In terms of talents, we have continued to strengthen the capabilities of our
     team of medical professionals through recruitment and internal training. In terms of scientific research,
     we have invested further in our research and development teams and research initiatives, enhanced the
     transferability of our scientific research into clinical applications, and promoted the improvement of clinical
     standards. In terms of specialties, we continued to strengthen our advantages in ARS by constructing
     featured specialty hospitals and treatment of specific diseases. In terms of operations and management,
     we established refined and innovative measures to improve the operation and management efficiency
     of our hospitals. In terms of business expansion, we expanded the capacity of our existing hospitals to
     capture the growth potential of the industry. In terms of adopting new information systems, the Group has
     implemented a digital platform and proprietary customer relationship management system into the Group’s
     network of medical facilities to facilitate the information-powered smart hospitals and have digitalized
     patient management, appointment and payment processes, creating a more efficient and pleasant hospital
     visit experience and improving overall hospital operations. These measures reinforced our leading edge
     and market-leading position in assisted reproductive business in Greater China and the United States.

     Since successfully completing the acquisition of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) in
     November 2021, we continued to leverage our advantage in ARS as our core business and diversified
     our service offerings to provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering pregnancy preparation, IVF,
     prenatal, childbirth, postpartum and menopause, enabling us to achieve higher growth with sustainability
     in the future. The Group has completed an internal restructuring in December 2022 to enable Sichuan
     Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) to further expand its scope of offerings (which includes obstetrics,
     gynecology and pediatrics medical services) and provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics
     Services in accordance with the applicable PRC laws.

     In April 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) merged their
     ARS-related medical licenses to Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital. After the completion of merging the
     common use of the ARS-related medical licenses of both Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
     Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)
     have built a very strong reputation among our patients and enhanced its market influence in ARS,
     obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively, due to their excellent medical quality and
     superior service experience. We also actively strengthened the integration of ARS, obstetrics, gynecology
     and pediatrics business to promote the synergistic effects of the two hospitals and have achieved
     satisfactory results in 2023.




14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Chengdu operations
We always position our patients as our top priority and are committed to improving the success rate of
IVF and enhancing the patient experience. Since our establishment, we have consistently provided our
patients with quality medical services compliant with international standards and delivered high quality
medical services.

We endeavour to enhance patient satisfaction. We have been adhering to using patient satisfaction as
one of the key performance indicators (KPI) for our employees to provide better service and enhance our
patients’ experience. In 2023, the satisfaction ratings of patients undergoing embryo transfers at Chengdu
Xinan Clinic increased by 2.4% to 96.0% as compared to 93.6% in 2022. Doctors with high patient
satisfaction ratings also enhanced the reputation of Chengdu Xinan Clinic in the ARS market.

We continue to expand our two-way referrals network and improve the utilization of high-quality medical
technology and diversify our patient acquisition networks by leveraging on our leading position of
Chengdu Xinan Clinic in the ARS market in Sichuan Province. In 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic cooperated
with 114 medical institutions by way of two-way referrals or entering into specialty alliance cooperation
agreements, which represented an increase of 19.0% over the same period in 2022.

In July 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic obtained the qualification for the trial operation of PGT, enabling
Chengdu Xinan Clinic to provide medical services in all areas of assisted reproduction including IUI (AIH,
AID), IVF-EF, ICSI and PGT. According to the statistics of the National Health Commission, there were
only 78 medical institutions in the PRC that have obtained the qualification of PGT as of December 31,
2020. Also, in July 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic obtained approval and qualification for providing obstetrics
technology services for mothers and infants, and going forward, Chengdu Xinan Clinic will build up its IVF
obstetrics specialty for mothers and infants to create an integrated IVF and maternity service model. All
these demonstrate the synergy of the merger, allowing Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) to use their strengths in their respective medical field to apply for advanced
licenses as well as to innovate and generate new business, while increasing operational efficiency and
reducing costs.

As a Class III Grade A obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics hospital in Sichuan Province, Sichuan Jinxin
Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) possesses advantages in medical quality, service experience and
reputation, which has enabled it to accelerate the establishment of an academic hospital integrated with
production, academic and research in the region.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     In January 2023, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) obtained its qualification to provide the
     Molecular Genetics Services, which allows them to conduct prenatal examinations, prenatal screening,
     prenatal diagnosis and other obstetric diagnosis. The inclusion of Molecular Genetics Services, being
     the cutting-edge technology for pre-natal examination, is vital to the Group’s future development for its
     ability to diagnose birth defects during pregnancy term with higher accuracy. We expect the inclusion of
     Molecular Genetics Services to further strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. According
     to the statistics of the National Health Commission, there were only 5 medical institutions in Chengdu
     that have obtained the qualification to provide the Molecular Genetics Services as of June 30, 2023,
     and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) is the only private medical institution with such
     qualification across Sichuan Province.

     Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) completed its Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”) filing with
     the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) for medical devices and medicines in April and
     November 2023, respectively, which not only showcased our high quality clinical outcome and R&D ability
     but also generated new revenue channels for the hospital.

     In addition to our obstetrics business, other businesses such as pediatrics, gynecology and traditional
     Chinese medicine, as well as the newly launched ophthalmology and stomatology have also experienced
     rapid development, resulting in the formation of a business trend featuring obstetrics as a specialty and
     synergizing it with the other departments.

     Going forward, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) will continue to focus on providing medical
     services to women and children of all ages and in all areas of health management, covering the entire
     pregnancy lifecycle for women and the full development lifecycle for children.

     Operations in Shenzhen and Greater Bay Area
     In 2023, the operations of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital simultaneously focused on its business recovery
     and establishment of new hospital campus.

     To capture the anticipated growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater
     Bay Area in the coming future due to the projected increase in population and demand in the region, and
     given Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is almost operating at full capacity, we acquired a new property in
     February 2022 which is approximately 5 times the size of the current premises, and expect to relocate its
     operations in the first half year of 2025. The new property will allow Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to (i)
     further diversify its service offerings to provide various reproductive services covering ARS, gynecology,
     andrology and immunology medical services; (ii) expand the VIP service to satisfy the multi-dimensional
     needs of our patients and enhance their experience; and (iii) provide sufficient space and a better medical
     environment to attract patients from the Greater Bay Area, including Hong Kong, in the future.

     In addition, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital values the driving force generated by scientific research
     towards clinical applications, encourages scientific innovation and transfers research to clinical
     applications. The accumulated number of articles published by Shenzhen Innovation Center in the core
     journals under the Science Citation Index (the “SCI Journals”) has surpassed 100 articles in 2023.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



With the implementation of the national strategy of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area,
we will continue to deepen our strategic focus in the region and enhance our brand awareness and market
share in the region. Since successfully completing the acquisition of RHC and ARC to expand our footprint
in Hong Kong and strengthen our presence in fertility services in the Greater Bay Area, we have been
actively exploring the establishment of business links between RHC and ARC with Mainland China. In
2023, two clinics began to promote “egg freezing” medical services, resulting in an increase of 145% in
the number of frozen eggs compared to the same period of 2022.

Operations in Wuhan and Kunming
Since the resumption of its IVF license and recommenced its ARS operations, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
has adhered to “safety and quality” as core values to create a safe, reliable and standardized medical
system for the provision of assisted reproductive medical services. Further, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital utilizes
its integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine approach featured for obstetrics in formulating
treatment regime to increase IVF success rate for various infertility diseases. In 2023, the revenue of
Wuhan Jinxin Hospital increased by 124.6% year-on-year and has significantly reduced its loss.

Since completing the acquisition of controlling interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital in
July 2022 with our control in these hospitals increasing to 96.5% effective shareholding interest, we have
continuously been optimized the business structures and improving clinical and operation standards for
both hospitals, which enabled them to further strengthen their market leading position in the ARS field in
Yunnan province. The number of IVF treatment cycles performed increased by 27.8% in 2023 compared to
the same period of 2022 for its Kunming operations.

United States operations
Our business in the United States under HRC Medical has gradually recovered from the impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic. The number of international patients in 2023 has been restored to a level amounting
to approximately 50.0% of that prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

As part of our growth strategies, HRC Medical has been attracting and recruiting new doctors to enhance
its business development and market share in ARS industry in the U.S. In 2023, HRC Medical successfully
recruited 6 new doctors, amongst them, 3 commenced practicing at HRC Medical in 2023, and 3 will get
onboard in the next 1 to 2 years.

HRC Management continued to collaborate with the USC, a leading private research university in the
United States, and its fertility medicine practice of the reproductive and infertility endocrinology division
at USC Fertility. We have further deepened our collaboration with USC Fertility where (i) the doctors from
USC Fertility practiced and provided clinical services at the Pasadena Clinic under HRC; (ii) the number
of physicians participating in USC’s fellowship program increased from 2 to 4 with the support of HRC to
nurture more physicians; and (iii) HRC Management and USC Fertility co-founded a research committee
and collaborated on IVF-related clinical research to improve the quality of fertility treatment.

Laos operations
Jinrui Medical Center in Laos commenced trial operation in August 2023. Going forward, we will continue
to provide assisted reproductive medical services with a primary focus on medical quality, standardization
and safety management and therefore improving its reliability among its customers who seek IVF
treatments in our Laos operations.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Key operating data
     The following table sets forth the key operating data generated from our network of assisted reproductive
     medical facilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023.

                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023           2022


     Number of IVF OPU cycles                                                                30,240                26,125

     Overall success rate
     Chengdu operations                                                                       57.5%                56.1%
     Shenzhen operations                                                                      57.4%                54.5%
     Yunnan operations                                                                        54.8%                    –
     United States operations                                                                 56.3%                57.1%

     Notes:

     1.   “Overall success rate” represents the success rates of the medical institutions which performed over 1,500 IVF OPU
          cycles per annum. Successful rates of medical institutions performing less than 1,500 IVF OPU cycles per annum may
          not be indicative of its performance due to its size of patient base.

     2.   Yunnan operations were consolidated into the Group since July 2022.


     During the Reporting Period, the increase in success rate in our Chengdu and Shenzhen operations was
     mainly attributable to the further improvement in clinical and laboratory quality control, upgraded training
     system for the physicians and embryologists, and further investments into R&D whilst the slight decrease
     in success rate in our United States operations was mainly attributable to patients with increasing age.
     Success rate largely depends on the patient’s age and the level of complication of each individual case
     and other factors.

     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE
     With the end of the pandemic, our businesses are expected to regain its momentum and achieved further
     growth in 2024. The demand for assisted reproductive technology and services is still strong and has
     great potential in the global market. The growth of the ARS market in China is particularly promising due
     to an increased prevalence of infertility caused by lifestyle changes, an increase in the average age of the
     parents when having their first childbirth, rising health awareness and environmental pollution. Compared
     with Europe and the United States with a market penetration of ARS at approximately 30%, the market
     penetration of ARS in China is still relatively low. In facing the challenges of decreasing fertility rate,
     the PRC government had implemented and is expected to continue to implement various policies and
     measures to encourage fertility, and the PRC government tends to encourage patients in need of ARS in
     treatment. We expect the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive technology will be
     significantly increased in China.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



In facing the challenges of decreasing fertility rate and change in population structure due to aging
problem, the PRC government encourages births by adopting various supportive measures. In July 2021,
the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council issued the “Decision on
Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced Population Development” (《關於優化
生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), where couples are allowed to have up to three children, and
supportive measures are being introduced covering various aspects to encourage births. The “Human
Assisted Reproductive Technology Application Plan (2015–2020)” (《人類輔助生殖技術應用規劃(2015–
2020)》) issued by the National Health Commission aims to promote the healthy development of the
reproductive medicine industry in an orderly manner to meet the market demands. According to a recent
reply by the National Health Commission, it has launched the revision of administrative measures, basis
standards and technical specifications related to assisted reproductive technology in order to establish
and improve legal egg donation and storage channel. In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities
including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing
Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide
local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including maternity insurance)
funds, relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures,
gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such
medical insurance funds.

Further, there are more provinces and cities in China including ARS treatment into the national
reimbursement program to encourage utilization of ARS treatment to alleviate financial burden on
patients. For instance, Beijing City and Guangxi Province included certain ARS treatment in the national
reimbursement program in July and November 2023, respectively, followed by Gansu province and Inner
Mongolia Autonomous Region in February 2024.

As a leading ARS provider in China and the United States, we have established a competitive advantage
in branding, technology, medical staff and management in a market with significant entry barriers. All
hospitals established in our network are recognized as top-notch in their respective regional market,
including but not limited to Sichuan Province, Guangdong Province, Yunnan Province and the Western
United States, which contribute to our leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States.

In addition, taking our Chengdu operations as a paradigm, we have started to build a one-stop integrated
business, with ARS as our core services, to support the entire fertility and pregnancy lifecycle, covering
pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal checkups, childbirth, postpartum and paediatrics to better serve
patients and create value through industry chain integration. In the future, we will promote this strategy to
our hospitals in other regions and leverage our advantage in the ARS market to accelerate new business
development and create new sources of revenue growth.

In view of the aforesaid, we plan to pursue the following core strategies to drive continued growth in our
core ARS business and fertility-related services.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Increased productivity, capacity and market share
     In the Greater Bay Area, with the implementation of the national strategy of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
     Macao Greater Bay Area, we will continue to deepen our strategic focus in the area to capture in full
     the growth for ARS in the Greater Bay Area. Further in consideration that Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
     is operating almost at full capacity, we acquired a new property in anticipation of the future operation
     of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. The new property, which is nearly five times the size of the existing
     property, is expected to officially commence operation in the first half year of 2025. The new property
     will allow Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to (i) further diversify its service offerings to provide various
     reproductive services covering ARS, gynecology, andrology and immunology medical services; (ii)
     expand the VIP service to satisfy the multi-dimensional needs of its patients and enhance their patients’
     experience; and (iii) provide sufficient space and a better medical environment to attract patients from the
     Greater Bay Area, including Hong Kong, in the future.

     Wuhan and Kunming operations are well positioned to further capture patient needs for ARS and
     are expected to gain more market share in Hubei province and Yunnan province. In particular, since
     completing the control acquisition of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital, both hospitals have
     optimized their business structures and enhanced their clinical standards, hence experienced significant
     growth in ARS business in 2023.

     Furthermore, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital ranked second in Yunnan Province and first amongst
     private hospitals in terms of market share, and they can offer services to patients from Guizhou Province.
     With respect to our United States operations, we will continue to implement expansion strategies by
     attracting and recruiting new physicians to the HRC Medical network, enabling HRC Medical to establish
     new clinics and enlarge its presence in the West Coast and across the United States.

     Expand our service offerings to provide comprehensive and integrated full fertility
     lifecycle services
     We intend to continue expanding our service offerings to meet the patients’ demand for high quality full-
     cycle services from pre-pregnancy, IVF, pre-natal, childbirth, postpartum and menopause offerings, and
     reinforce the synergy between our ARS and obstetrics, gynecology and paediatrics medical services.

     We take our Chengdu operations as a paradigm for our China network, building a one-stop integrated
     business model, with ARS being our core services, to create more value through industry chain integration.
     The business model aims to shape our service offerings to support the entire fertility and pregnancy
     lifecycle, covering preconception, IVF, prenatal checkups, childbirth, postpartum, menopause offerings
     and pediatrics, and to offer our patients with quality services.




20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group underwent an internal integration of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
(Jingxiu Campus) in 2023 aiming to achieve synergistic effects in business development. Going forward,
Chengdu Xinan Clinic, being one of the largest hospitals in China specializing in assisted reproduction,
will focus on establishing a regional reproductive health medical center that integrates IVF, pregnancy
and childbirth with the adoption of new IVF technologies, whilst Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
Campus) will expand the target patients for its medical services from pregnant women and children to
women and children of all ages, covering health management services of the entire pregnancy lifecycle for
women and the full development lifecycle for children. In 2023, the synergy resulting from the integration
of assisted reproduction, obstetrics, gynecology and paediatrics businesses has been prominent which
included the expansion in the number and scale of service offerings to customers, cost synergies and
efficiency improvement, and specialty construction. We will continue to deepen the integration of assisted
reproduction, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics businesses to create enhanced synergistic effects by
various means such as online hospitals, internal restructuring and specialty construction.

Expand our business network through all self-establishment or acquisitions
As a leading ARS and full lifecycle fertility services provider in China and the United States, we will
continue to seek opportunities to expand our business network and adopt different expansion strategies to
fit with the market environment in different countries or regions.

In China, we intend to enter markets with high growth potential through acquisitions, such as first-tier cities
and cities with radiant effect. Aside from market potential, when conducting mergers and acquisitions
in China, we will also take into account various important factors such as economic environment, target
valuation and post-investment integration or consolidation to determine our merger and acquisition
strategy, enabling a swift integration of resources and assisting the new hospitals to rapidly improve in
respect of medical quality, operation management, market share and others. Further, we established
strategic partnership with Warburg Pincus by becoming one of the limited partners of its fund in November
2023 to increase the breadth and depth of the Company’s exploration of acquisition opportunities by
leveraging on the fund’s advantages. We believe the strategic partnership complements the Company’s
strategic layout and support the Group’s mergers and acquisition investment strategies.

In the United States, we seek to expand our business network in the United States, particularly the Western
United States, by way of recruiting physicians. HRC Medical owns 4 core clinics and 6 satellite clinics in
Los Angeles and San Diego in the Western United States. It is expected that HRC Medical will continue to
recruit new physicians to establish more new clinics this year to enhance its market influence in the region.

Besides the Greater China and the United States, we are also actively exploring opportunities to conduct
mergers and acquisitions in Southeast Asia. We are of the view that the region has significant growth
potential in ARS.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Improve scientific research levels and strengthen the transfer of clinical research into
     clinical applications
     We reinforced and increased our investment in scientific research innovation and integrated with specialty
     construction, resulting in accelerated transfers of research to clinical applications, which enhanced our
     clinical quality to solve patients’ chronic illness on the one hand and enhanced our competitiveness as well
     as created new sources of business growth on the other hand.

     In the Greater Bay Area, we have included Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center into the Group’s
     network in January 2022 for more effective management of our scientific research. Jinxin Medical
     Innovation Research Center is committed to clinical-based scientific research innovation, and ultimately
     tackle clinical conundrum. In Chengdu, we incorporated Yongsheng Hengfu Research Center focusing
     on basic research in reproduction biology, which shall enhance the Group’s R&D and innovation ability in
     both basic and clinical research.

     In 2023, we continued to promote clinical research, accelerate clinical transformation, improve the quality
     of our clinical research and promote the construction of new scientific disciplines. Our hospitals have
     published 44 articles in SCI Journals, 16 articles in core journals and obtained 30 scientific research
     projects. Furthermore, our hospitals also obtained 20 patents, of which, include five invention patents, 12
     utility patents, 1 appearance patent and 2 software copyrights.

     In the United States, we co-founded a research committee and collaborated on IVF-related clinical
     research with the USC Keck School of Medicine with a view to further enhance IVF clinical standards. In
     the future, we will further strengthen the research cooperation among various medical institutions within
     our network, and in compliance with the applicable laws, establish a multi-center seminar group and
     research group in order to accelerate scientific research innovation and transfers of research to clinical
     applications.

     To further deepen its scientific research levels, the Group has collaborated with several reputable
     universities with a view to providing better care and medical services for its patients. In 2023, (i) Chengdu
     Xinan Clinic collaborated with The Chinese University of Hong Kong and provided a training course on
     assisted reproductive medicine and management; (ii) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital collaborated with
     Guangdong Pharmaceutical University to provide a joint training facility for postgraduate students; and (iii)
     HRC Management collaborated with the USC Keck School of Medicine in establishing a scientific research
     training facility.

     Talent recruitment and nurturing plan
     We are committed to recruiting and retaining the best and most experienced medical professionals in the
     fields of assisted reproduction and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics and continuously improving our
     internal training system to provide a sufficient reserve of medical and management talents for our global
     business expansion.




22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



We will continue to implement the “physician as partner” mechanism to grant outstanding physicians with
equity ownership as partners of the Company, sharing the fruits from the development of the Company.
Our 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme aims to (i) provide our employees with the opportunity to
acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage our employees to work towards enhancing
the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole;
and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating,
compensating and/or providing benefits to our employees.

During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 65,853,241 Restricted Shares
in aggregate to grantees under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme, subject to the acceptance
of the grantees and other conditions as may be determined by the Board. As of December 31, 2023,
the Company has awarded 57,170,247 Restricted Shares in aggregate to employees of the Company,
Directors and Subsidiary Directors under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme.

We will continue to introduce and recruit excellent physicians to join the Company, and cooperate with
well-known universities to nurture young physicians. HRC Management continued to collaborate with the
USC to support HRC Medical to nurture more physicians.

We also established the “Jinxin Academy” and invited renowned experts to give public lectures, aiming
to (i) attract young physicians who are interested in assisted reproductive technology and improve their
professional skills; and (ii) reserve talents for the expansion of the Company and the industry. In 2023,
medical institutions of the Group continued to provide medical education programs, of which, one were at
the national level, 29 were at the provincial level, and 10 were at the municipal level.

Embrace the digital transformation and adoption of AI technology in its hospitals
We have established a digital platform for our customers which digitizes their appointment making and
consultation payment process. By integrating medical resources of our hospitals over digital platforms,
we offer a continuum of online and offline integrated healthcare services before, during and after medical
consultations. Also, this allows our hospital to facilitate a more efficient and pleasant hospital visit for our
patients and improve its overall hospital operations.

In 2023, the Group implemented its standardized information system and new electronic medical records
(EMR) system into the operations of our hospital network in China.

Furthermore, to continue delivering quality customer service and ensure proper follow-up on diagnosis
and treatment systems, we have developed a proprietary customer relationship management (HSCRM)
system. The HSCRM system has been implemented into our entire network of assisted reproductive
medical facilities and serves more than 200,000 patients. The HSCRM system will enable the Group to
better manage its customers, provide higher quality of service and have a better follow-up diagnosis and
treatment system. As a result of the HSCRM system, the patient satisfaction ratings have continued to
increase.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     We have dedicated ourselves to enhancing our ESG initiatives in many ways and provide regular updates
     to our stakeholders in our ESG reports. On the one hand, we believe, through our efforts in ESG, we
     will continue to create value for the society and gain recognition from the society and patients. In 2023,
     we insisted on the strategic position of constructing new disciplines of assisted reproduction, actively
     promoting the new disciplines in each hospital and carrying out scientific research and innovation. We
     have combined our own physician training model and business experience to develop professional
     courses for internal staff and industry talents, empower the growth of industry medical and nursing staff,
     and steadily improve medical quality and medical standards. Meanwhile, we insist on being patient-
     oriented, promoting digital transformation of our hospitals, strengthening the medical quality management
     of our hospitals, providing patients with quality medical services throughout the lifecycle of their fertility
     treatment, establishing a perfect patient communication mechanism and taking multiple measures to
     continuously ensure patient safety.

     On the other hand, we will continue to aid the Company in realizing a healthy and sustainable development
     in the future. We actively promote the accessibility of healthcare, enabling more families to benefit from
     the achievements of modern medicine through free and charitable clinics, charity medicine donations and
     training to primary care institutions. Meanwhile, we insist on green operations, promote energy saving
     and consumption reduction initiatives in all hospitals, actively address climate change and help create an
     environment-friendly community.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     Revenue of the Group increased by 18% from approximately RMB2,364.5 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB2,788.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The
     overall increase was primarily attributable to (i) increase in revenue due to gradual recovery of our
     operations in China after the COVID-19 pandemic in terms of the size of patient base and the customers’
     needs for VIP services and other value-added services; (ii) increase in revenue generated by our United
     States operations due to gradual recovery of size of international patient base; and (iii) increase in revenue
     due to the consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July 13, 2022.




24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the following services: (i) ARS; (ii)
management services; (iii) ancillary medical services; (iv) obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical
services; and (v) sales of medicines, consumables and equipment. The Group’s revenue is contributed
from its operations in the Greater China, the United States and Laos. The following table sets forth a
breakdown of the Group’s revenue for each service category by region:

                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                      2023                       2022
                                                RMB’000            %      RMB’000                           %


Chengdu operations
ARS                                              760,229          27.3%           656,870              27.8%
Management service fee                           133,146           4.8%           147,285               6.2%
Obstetrics, gynecology, pediatrics medical
 services and sales of medicines,
 consumables and equipment                       577,468          20.7%           580,695              24.6%


Sub-total                                      1,470,843          52.8%          1,384,850             58.6%


Shenzhen operations
ARS                                              361,554            13%           311,866              13.2%
Ancillary medical services                        45,773           1.6%            36,426               1.5%


Sub-total                                        407,327          14.6%           348,292              14.7%


Kunming operations
ARS                                              155,416           5.6%            51,488               2.2%
Ancillary medical services                        80,091           2.9%            40,937               1.7%


Sub-total                                        235,507           8.4%            92,425               3.9%


Wuhan operations
ARS                                               24,147           0.9%             5,112               0.2%
Ancillary medical services                        14,008           0.5%            11,876               0.5%


Sub-total                                         38,155           1.4%            16,988               0.7%


Hong Kong operations
ARS                                               31,404           1.1%            28,440               1.2%
Ancillary medical services                        35,372           1.3%            31,040               1.3%


Sub-total                                         66,776           2.4%            59,480               2.5%




                                                            Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2023                       2022
                                                              RMB’000            %      RMB’000                           %


     United States operations
     Management service fee                                    432,473            15.5%           355,552            15.1%
     Ancillary medical services(1)                             135,068             4.8%           106,892             4.5%


     Sub-total                                                 567,541            20.3%           462,444            19.6%


     Laos operations
     ARS                                                          2,761             0.1%                 –                 –


     Sub-total                                                    2,761             0.1%                 –                 –


     Total                                                   2,788,910             100%         2,364,479             100%

     Note:

     (1)     Ancillary medical services provided by HRC Management include ambulatory surgery centre facility services and PGT
             (preimplantation genetic testing) services.


     Chengdu operations
     The revenue contributed by the operations in Chengdu increased by 6.2% from approximately RMB1,384.9
     million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB1,471 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023, primarily due to (i) an increase in revenue generated from our ARS offered at
     Chengdu Xinan Clinic due to an increase in the number of IVF treatment cycles conducted in 2023 and
     an increase in average spending per IVF treatment cycle due to higher VIP penetration rate; and (ii) an
     increase in revenue generated from gynecology and pediatrics-related services provided by Sichuan
     Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), which was partially offset by a decrease in revenue generated
     from nucleic acid testing after recovery from the pandemic in 2023.

     The revenue from ARS in Chengdu operations increased by 15.7% from approximately RMB656.9 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB760.2 million for the year ended December
     31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in the number of IVF treatment cycles conducted in 2023 and an
     increase in average spending per IVF treatment cycle resulted from higher demands for premium services,
     and thus leading to a higher VIP penetration rate.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



The revenue from obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services and sales of medicines,
consumables and equipment decreased by 0.6% from approximately RMB580.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB577.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily
due to a decrease in revenue from nucleic acid testing after recovery from the pandemic in 2023 and from
obstetrics business resulted from an overall declining rate across China, which was partially offset by
an increase in revenue generated from gynecology and pediatrics-related services provided at Sichuan
Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus). We have observed that our newly established businesses, such as
ophthalmology, stomatology and traditional Chinese medicine, are ramping up and shall contribute to the
Group’s revenue forthcoming.

Shenzhen operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Shenzhen operations increased by 16.9% from approximately
RMB348.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB407.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in revenue generated from ARS resulted from
the increase in the number of IVF treatment cycles conducted after recovery from the pandemic and the
increase in average spending per IVF treatment cycle attributable to increased demand for premium
services and thus leading to a higher VIP penetration rate.

Wuhan operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Wuhan operations increased by 124.6% from approximately
RMB17.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB38.2 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to resumption of ARS business in Wuhan on August 31, 2022.

Kunming operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Kunming operations increased by 154.8% from approximately
RMB92.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB235.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the consolidation of the revenue generated by Jiuzhou
Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital since we increased our control to approximately 96.50% effective
shareholding interest in these hospitals in July 2022, coupled with the growth in IVF business experienced
by both hospitals in 2023.

Hong Kong operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Hong Kong operations increased by 12.3% from approximately
RMB59.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB66.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increase in number of egg freezing cycles performed at
clinics in Hong Kong.

United States operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s United States operations increased by 22.7% from approximately
RMB462.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB567.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in IVF treatment cycles conducted 2023 after
travel restrictions were lifted after the pandemic, coupled with an increase in average spending per IVF
treatment cycle for both domestic and international patients.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Laos operations
     The revenue contributed by the Group’s Laos operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 was
     approximately RMB2.8 million, primarily due to increase in medicine consumption and labor costs in line
     with increase in revenue.

     Cost of Revenue
     Cost of revenue of the Group increased by 8.3% from approximately RMB1,490.2 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB1,613.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.
     The increase in cost of revenue was mainly attributed to increase in the consumption of the pharmaceutical
     products and consumables by our existing medical institutions in line with increase in revenue, coupled
     with the consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital.

     Cost of revenue of the Group consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables, staff
     costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and others. Cost of pharmaceutical products and
     consumables consists of the cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables that the Group uses in
     the course of providing its services. Staff costs are primarily incurred in connection with salaries, benefits,
     social insurance payments and bonus of the Group’s medical staff. Depreciation primarily consists of
     depreciation of property, plant and equipment.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit of the Group increased by 34.4% from approximately RMB874.3 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB1,175.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The
     increase in gross profit was mainly attributed to (i) the increase in revenue resulted from business
     recovery after recovery from the pandemic for our China and overseas operations, coupled with the
     consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital into our Group; and (ii) the increase in gross
     profit margin is higher than the increase in revenue. The gross profit margin increased from 37.0% for the
     year ended December 31, 2022 to 42.1% for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily attributable to
     the economies of scale achieved by the Group’s operations after recovery from the pandemic, coupled
     with the effective cost control measures on medicines and consumables and the lowering of staff costs in
     operations across our medical network resulted from improvement in operation efficiency.

     Other Income
     Other income of the Group increased by 53.9% from approximately RMB50.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB77.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily
     due to an increase in government grants received by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility for its foreign direct
     investments in Chengdu.

     Other income consists primarily of interest income from time deposits and bank balances and government
     grants.




28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses primarily represent gains and losses on fair value change of financial assets/
investment at fair value at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), on disposal of assets/investments,
and on net exchange. The Group recorded net other gain of RMB12.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2023, primarily attributable to (i) foreign exchange gain derived from the fluctuations in the exchange
rate of USD against RMB and HKD and (ii) fair value gain on structured financial products derived from
effective treasury management.

Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses of the Group increased by 24.4% from approximately RMB17.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB21.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, primarily attributable to the consolidation of Yongsheng Hengfu Research Centre
since December 2022. Yongsheng Hengfu Research Centre focuses on basic research in reproduction
biology, whilst Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center focuses at clinical-based scientific research
innovation and tackling clinical conundrum. By combining their strengths, we shall be able to enhance
R&D and innovation ability in both basic and clinical research.

Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs of the Group’s research and
development team at Yongsheng Hengfu Research Centre and Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center.

Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of marketing and promotional expenses associated
with organizing educational activities and cooperating with third parties agencies and partners and staff
cost of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group increased by 26.7%
from approximately RMB151.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB191.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and
Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July 13, 2022. Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital used to
incur significant marketing activities before consolidation into the Group. After consolidation, we have
taken effective measures to attract patients in a more efficient way, such as by recruitment of well-
regarded physicians, and effectively improved the cost-benefit ratio of the marketing expenses incurred.
We will continue to optimize patient acquisition strategies and reduce the marketing expenses for both
hospitals in the future.

Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, including ESOP expenses, depreciation and
amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property-related expenses and others. Administrative
expenses of the Group increased by 4.9% from approximately RMB458.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB481.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily
due to the consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July 13, 2022
which was partially offset by the decrease in administration expenses incurred by our headquarter due to
further improvement in operation efficiency. The increase in administration expenses was lower than the
increase in revenue, which positively contributed to in Group’s profitability.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Finance Costs
     Finance costs of the Group increased by 10.8% from approximately RMB71.9 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB79.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily
     due to the increase in interest incurred for the syndicated bank facility in U.S. dollar which was drawn
     down in full in March 2022 resulting from the increase in prime rate charged by banks for loans dominated
     in U.S. dollar. The Group has taken measures to partially replace the syndicated loan with a lower cost of
     bank facilities, and are expecting to reduce finance cost to be incurred.

     Income Tax Expenses
     Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax withholding tax and
     Hong Kong Profits Tax. Income tax expenses of the Group increased by 222.4% from approximately
     RMB36.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB117.3 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increase in profit before tax of the Group resulted from the
     increase in revenue and the improvement in operation efficiency.

     The effective tax rate of the Group increased from 23.6% for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 25.3%
     for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the increase in taxable income for Shenzhen
     operations with a higher applicable Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) rate at 25%.

     Non-IFRS Measures
     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance
     with IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-IFRS
     measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company believes
     that the non-IFRS adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in
     understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same manner
     as they helped the Company’s management, and that the Company’s management and investors may
     benefit from referring to these non-IFRS adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s operating
     performance from period to period by eliminating impacts of items that the Group does not consider
     indicative of the Group’s operating performance. However, the presentation of these non-IFRS financial
     measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information
     prepared and presented in accordance with the IFRS. You should not view the non-IFRS adjusted results
     on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                            Management Discussion and Analysis



The following tables set forth the reconciliation of the Group’s non-IFRS financial measures for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


Profit for the year                                                                       346,983               117,949
Add:
ESOP expenses(1)                                                                            53,430               33,024
Amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-
  compete agreement and property,
  plant and equipment arising from acquisitions(2)                                          49,356               44,127
Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                                (22)                (196)
One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
  suspension of its ARS business(4)                                                               –              38,809
One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(5)                                           –              40,423
One-off loss made by HRC Fertility for the settlement is mainly
  about certain labor disputes in company laid-off                                          21,704                      –

Non-IFRS adjusted net profit                                                              471,451               274,136


Non-IFRS EBITDA                                                                           706,117               366,997
Add:
ESOP expenses(1)                                                                            53,430               33,024
Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                                (22)                (196)
One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
  suspension of its ARS business(4)                                                               –              38,809
One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(5)                                           –              40,423
One-off loss made by HRC Fertility for the settlement is mainly
  about certain labor disputes incompany laid-off                                           21,704                      –


Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                  781,229               479,057

Notes:

(1)   ESOP expenses: As ESOP expenses are regarded as non-cash items, the Company has eliminated the effect of the grant
      of restricted shares under the RSU Scheme when calculating the earnings per Share to ensure disclosure consistency.

(2)   Amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-compete agreement and property, plant and equipment
      arising from acquisitions: by eliminating the effect of these items from the profit attributable to the owners of the
      Company, it serves the purpose of demonstrating the endogenous growth of the Company.

(3)   Imputed interest income from related parties: this imputed interest is arisen from advanced payments by the Company
      on behalf of its related parties, which is merely a result of accounting treatment and therefore is regarded as non-
      operating item.

(4)   One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary suspension of its ARS business: this loss was mainly
      attributable to the temporary suspension of ARS business at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital which recommenced its ARS
      operations on August 31, 2022.




                                                                       Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     (5)   One-off loss from the disposal of Kangseed Investment: this loss was deemed from the disposal of Kangseed
           Investment.

     (6)   One-off loss made by HRC Fertility for the settlement is mainly about certain labor disputes incompany laid-off.


     Net Profit and Net Profit Margin
     As a result of the foregoing, net profit of the Group increased by 194.2% from approximately RMB117.9
     million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB347.0 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023. Net profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 12.4%,
     compared to 5.0% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The higher net profit margin compared to the
     year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to (i) the economies of scale achieved by the
     Group since the business recovery across our medical institutions in China and overseas; (ii) the ramping
     up of our Wuhan operations; and (iii) improvement in supply chain management across our Chengdu
     operations and operation efficiency across our medical institutions in China and overseas, which was
     partially offset by consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July 13,
     2022 which had lower profit margins and yet to be improved in the future.

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 184.6% from approximately RMB121.1 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB344.7 million for the year ended December 31,
     2023.

     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit1 of the Group increased by 72.0% from approximately RMB274.1 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB471.5 million for the year ended December 31,
     2023. The non-IFRS adjusted net profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
     11.6%, compared to 16.9% for the year ended December 31, 2023. The higher non-IFRS adjusted net
     profit margins for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily the result of (i) the economies of scale
     achieved by the Group since the business recovery across our medical institutions in China and overseas;
     (ii) the ramping up of our Wuhan operations; (iii) improvement in supply chain management across our
     Chengdu operations and operation efficiency across our medical institutions in China and overseas, which
     was partially offset by consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July
     13, 2022 which had lower profit margins and yet to be improved in the future.

     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 69.2% from RMB277.3
     million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB469.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023.




     1     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit is calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period, excluding (i) ESOP expenses; (ii)
           amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-compete agreement and property, plant and equipment
           arising from acquisitions; (iii) imputed interest income from related parties; (iv) one-off loss made by HRC Fertility for the
           settlement is mainly aboutcertain labor disputes incompany laid-off.

32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-IFRS EBITDA
Non-IFRS EBITDA2 of the Group increased by 92.4% from approximately RMB367.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB706.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.
The non-IFRS EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 25.3%, compared
to 15.5% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The higher non-IFRS EBITDA margin of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily attributable to the increase in operation revenue resulted
from (i) the economies of scale achieved by the Group since the business recovery across our medical
institutions in China and overseas; (ii) the ramping up of our Wuhan operations; and (iii) improvement in
supply chain management across our Chengdu operations and operation efficiency across our medical
institutions in China and overseas, which was partially offset by consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and
Hewanjia Hospital into our Group since July 13, 2022 which had lower profit margins and yet to be
improved in the future.

Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA3 of the Group increased by 63.1% from approximately RMB479.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB781.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2023. The non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 was
28%, compared to 20.3% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The higher non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA
margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to the increase in Non-IFRS
EBITDA as a result of the foregoing.

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share
The basic and diluted earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted
to RMB0.13 and RMB0.12, respectively, as compared with RMB0.05 and RMB0.05, respectively, as that
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Please refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in
this annual report. Adjusted basic earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023
amounted to RMB0.18, as compared with RMB0.11 as that for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Inventories
Inventories of the Group decreased by 0.2% from approximately RMB62.5 million as at December 31, 2022
to approximately RMB62.4 million as at December 31, 2023, primarily due to the improved efficiency on
inventory management, particularly with our Chengdu operations.

Accounts and Other Receivables
Accounts and other receivables of the Group decreased by 10.2% from approximately RMB188.7 million
as at December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB169.4 million as at December 31, 2023, which was
primarily due to the improved efficiency in account receivables aging schedule.




2   Non-IFRS EBITDA represents profit before taxation excluding (i) finance costs (excluding interest on lease liabilities);
    (ii) depreciation of property, plant and equipment; and (iii) amortization of medical practice license and non-compete
    agreement, while less interest income excluding imputed interest income from related parties.
3   Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA is calculated as non-IFRS EBITDA for the Reporting Period, excluding (i) ESOP expenses; (ii)
    imputed interest income from related parties; (iii) one-off loss incurred by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
    suspension of its ARS business, which officially resumed its ARS operation on August 31, 2022; (iv) one-off loss from the
    disposal of Kangseed Investment, to better reflect the Company’s current business and operations; and (v) one-off loss
    made by HRC Fertility for the settlement is mainly about certain labor disputes incompany laid-off.

                                                                       Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    33
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Accounts and Other Payables
     Accounts and other payables of the Group decreased by 12.2% from approximately RMB916.9 million as
     at December 31, 2022 to approximately RMB805.1 million as at December 31, 2023, primarily due to the
     decrease in payables associated with the acquisition of the new property, being the new hospital building
     of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, and the decrease in last tranche of consideration payment for the
     acquisition of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital.

     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital,
     including upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new medical
     institutions and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total proceeds of
     approximately HK$2,808.1 million from the Listing, after deducting the underwriting fees, commissions
     and related Listing expenses. In February 2021, the Group received total net proceeds of approximately
     HK$1,253.5 million from the Placing (as defined hereinafter). The Group also obtained additional
     funding from syndicated loan facilities of up to US$300 million in 2021 and a drawdown in full of such
     bank facilities in March 2022. On January 5, 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing Shares have
     been placed by the Company to not less than six placees at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing
     Share and the Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,161.6 million (equivalent to
     approximately RMB999.0 million). The placees, together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners
     are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company or its connected persons. None
     of the placees has become a substantial Shareholder immediately upon completion of the placing. The
     placing has been completed on January 16, 2023. The share capital of the Company only comprises
     ordinary shares. As at December 31, 2023, the authorized share capital of the Company was US$50,000
     divided into 5,000,000,000 Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 31.6% debt and 68.4% equity
     as at December 31, 2023, compared with 42.7% debt and 57.3% equity as at December 31, 2022.
     Therefore, the Directors are of the view that the Group has sufficient resources to meet its future business
     operations and expansion.

     Cash Flows
     The following table sets forth selected cash flow data of the Group’s consolidated statements of cash flows
     for the years indicated and analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents for the years indicated:

                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


     Net cash from operating activities                                             684,484            541,740
     Net cash used in investing activities                                         (375,037)        (1,377,837)
     Net cash (used in) from financing activities                                  (950,449)           460,142
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           1,329,948          1,689,284
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          2,385             16,619
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                   691,331          1,329,948




34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Capital Commitments
The principal capital expenditures of the Group relate primarily to purchases of property, plant and
equipment. The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s capital expenditures for the years
indicated:

                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment
 contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
 statements                                                                    97,908                 82,739
Commitment to WP Partnership                                                  120,000                      –


                                                                              217,908                 82,739


Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, there were no significant investments held by the
Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

Indebtedness
Lease liabilities
The Group recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in respect of all leases,
except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets. As at December 31, 2023, the Group, as
a lessee, had outstanding lease liabilities for the remaining terms of relevant lease agreements in an
aggregate amount of RMB421.9 million. The lease liabilities represent payment for right of using underlying
assets.

Borrowings
As at December 31, 2023, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,127.5 million (December 31, 2022:
RMB2,089.3 million).

Pledge of Assets
As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not pledge any other assets.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

Contractual Obligations
As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material
effect on its financial position or results of operations.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Interest-bearing Debt Ratio
     Interest-bearing debt ratio is calculated using total borrowings (convertible bonds included) divided by
     total assets as at the end of such year and multiplied by 100%. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s
     interest-bearing debt ratio is 14.3% (as of December 31, 2022: 24.5%).

     RISK MANAGEMENT
     Currency Risk
     The business of the Group mainly operates in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with
     its transactions settled in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar, respectively. Renminbi is not a
     freely convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international
     economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted
     any hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which
     serves as a natural hedging purpose. As a result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any
     significant direct foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our
     exposure to such risk.

     Interest Rate Risk
     The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and bank
     borrowing. Its cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank
     balances and bank borrowing. The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant
     and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the
     financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because the
     tenor of such instruments are short, ranging from 90 days to 3 years or can be redeemable on demand.

     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring
     forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As of December 31, 2023, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,273
     employees, of whom 2,984 were located in China and 337 were located in the United States. The
     staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments were approximately RMB778.9 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023, as compared to approximately RMB674.9 million for the year ended December 31,
     2022.

     The medical facilities in the Group’s network generally enter into individual employment contracts with their
     employees to cover matters such as wages, benefits and grounds for termination. At each of the medical
     facilities, the medical professionals are provided with competitive compensation packages, attractive
     promotion opportunities, diverse training courses and a professional working environment. Remuneration
     packages for the employees primarily comprise of: base salary, performance-based compensation and/or
     discretionary bonus. As required by PRC laws and regulations, the Group participates in various employee
     social security plans for its employees that are administered by local governments, including housing
     provident fund, pension, medical, maternity insurance, work-related injury insurance and unemployment
     insurance.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its RSU Scheme and 2022 Restricted
Share Award Scheme, which were adopted on February 15, 2019 and February 17, 2022, respectively.
Summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme is set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — D. RSU Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus. Summary of the principal terms of the
2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are set out in the announcement of the Company dated February
17, 2022. During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 65,853,241 restricted
Shares in aggregate to grantees under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme, of which (i) 29,060,994
Restricted Shares were granted to 159 employees of the Company (who to the best of the Directors’
knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, are not connected persons of
the Company); and (ii) 36,792,247 Restricted Shares were granted to 5 Directors and 10 directors of
the Company’s subsidiaries (who are connected persons of the Company). The Restricted Shares are
subject to the acceptance of the grantees and other conditions as may be determined by the Board. As at
December 31, 2023, the Company has awarded 57,170,247 Restricted Shares in aggregate to employees
of the Company, Directors and Subsidiary Directors under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme. Save
as disclosed above, the Group has not granted any other award Shares during the Reporting Period.

Besides, the Group has adopted the Share Option Scheme to grant options as defined in the Share Option
Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group, which was
adopted on June 3, 2019. Summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out in the
section headed “Statutory and General Information — E. Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to the
Prospectus. As at December 31, 2023, no option has been granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$5.95 cents per Share for the year ended
December 31, 2023 (for the year ended December 31, 2022: nil) which is subject to the approval by the
Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend is expected to be payable to the Shareholders on or before
Thursday, July 25, 2024. The dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, July 4, 2024.

The register of members of the Company will be closed, for the purpose of determining Shareholders’
entitlement to the proposed final dividend, from Tuesday, July 2, 2024 to Thursday, July 4, 2024, both
dates inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order
to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of Shares accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 28, 2024.

OTHER INFORMATION
AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The AGM will be held on June 25, 2024. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be published and
dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     For determining the qualification as members of the Company to attend and vote at the AGM, the register
     of members of the Company will be closed from June 20, 2024 to June 25, 2024, both dates inclusive,
     during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote
     at the AGM, non-registered holders of Shares shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by
     the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
     183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on June 19, 2024.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material
     events after the Reporting Period.




38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                             Directors and Senior Management



DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇), aged 52, is the Chairman of the Board and has been an executive Director of
the Company since June 29, 2020. He joined our Group in June 2017 and was appointed as a Co-chief
Executive Officer on September 12, 2018, re-designated to the Vice Chairman of the Board on June
29, 2020 and the Chairman of the Board on March 28, 2021. He is mainly responsible for the overall
management of the Company’s daily operations and implementing mergers and acquisitions strategies.
Furthermore, Mr. Zhong has over 20 years of experience in investment.

Since April 2020, Mr. Zhong has been the chairman of the board of Sichuan Jincheng Industrial
Development Co., Ltd. (四川錦城實業發展公司). From October 2016 to January 2019, Mr. Zhong was the
general manager of Willsun AM and from October 2016 to December 2018, he was the chairman of Tibet
Taisheng Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (西藏泰昇創業投資管理有限公司). From October 2015 to September
2016, he was employed as the deputy general manager of Hainan Haide Industry Co., Ltd. (海南海德實
業股份有限公司) (SZSE stock code: 000567), and from April 2013 to October 2015, he was the leader of
the trust team of Sichuan Development Holding Co., Ltd. Furthermore, from March 2009 to April 2013, he
served as the chairman of Sichuan Shuxiang Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (四川蜀祥創業投資有限公司).

From May 2004 to October 2005, he served as a member of preparatory team at Sichuan International
Trust Investment Co., Ltd. (四川省國際信託投資公司). Previously, he was employed as a deputy general
manager, then later served as the general manager of Chengdu Guoxin New Industry Investment Co., Ltd.
(成都國信新產業投資公司) from May 1998 to May 2004. Earlier, Mr. Zhong worked as a manager of the
investment banking department at Sichuan International Trust Investment Co., Ltd. between October 1996
and May 1998.

Mr. Zhong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Southwestern University of Finance and
Economics in the PRC in 1993 and a master’s degree in law from Sichuan University in the PRC in 2005.
Mr. Zhong has been a member of the Sichuan Institute of Certified Public Accountants since August 2012
and was licensed by the Ministry of Justice of PRC to practice law in the PRC in February 2005.

Mr. Zhong has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in
Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Dr. John G. Wilcox, M.D., FACOG, aged 61, has been an executive Director of the Company since
December 25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for the management of clinical operations and business
development in North America. Dr. Wilcox has been working as a physician at HRC Medical since July
1996. From 2002 to 2008, he served successively as a member of the voluntary faculty member of Keck
School of Medicine at USC, an assistant clinical professor at the department of obstetrics and gynecology
of University of Southern California School of Medicine, and a member of the medical staff of Healthcare
Network at USC.

Dr. Wilcox graduated with a bachelor’s degree in bioengineering from University of California, San Diego
in the United States in December 1986 and a doctoral degree in medicine from University of Southern
California, Los Angeles in the United States in May 1990. He was licensed to practice medicine and
surgery by the Medical Board of California in 1991 and has been board certified by American Board of
Obstetrics and Gynecology in obstetrics and gynecology since November 12, 1999. Dr. Wilcox’s research
interests include substantial aspects of reproductive health.



                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Directors and Senior Management



     Dr. Wilcox has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Mr. Dong Yang (董陽), aged 37, is the Chief Executive Officer and has been an executive Director of
     the Company since June 29, 2020. He was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on
     May 3, 2018. He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer on June 29, 2020 and re-designated to
     the Chief Executive Officer on March 28, 2021. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on
     financial management and business development to our Group. Since October 2017, he has been the
     chief financial officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司). Since December
     2018, he has been the director of Jinxin Hospital Management Group Limited. Since September 2018, he
     has been the chief financial officer of Jinxin Investment Limited and Jinxin Hospital Management Group
     Limited. Prior to joining our group, between July 2017 and November 2017, he was a director of the asset
     management department at Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited (東興證券（香
     港）金融控股有限公司). Before that, from October 2009 to June 2017, Mr. Dong successively served as
     a manager of audit assurance, a manager of capital market transaction and a manager of accounting
     management and advisory at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mainland China and Hong Kong.

     Mr. Dong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international economic and trade from Sichuan University
     (四川大學) in the PRC in June 2009. He has been a member of the Chongqing Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (重慶註冊會計師協會) since March 2014.

     Mr. Dong has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉), aged 43, has been an executive Director and the Co-chief Executive Officer of the
     Company since December 3, 2021. She has more than 10 years of experience working in the medical
     industry. She has been serving as the chairman of the board of directors and the general manager of
     Sichuan Jinxn Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) since October 2018 and previously its president from
     May 2015 to May 2021 and was the chief executive officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. from
     March 2017 to November 2021. Further, she has been the director of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment
     Management Group Co., Ltd. (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since May 2015 and its general
     manager since June 2021. Currently, she is also the director of Chengdu Jinxin Health Management Co.,
     Ltd.* (成都錦欣健康管理有限公司) and Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司).

     In addition to her work experiences, Ms. Lyu has held a number of positions at various public offices and
     medical associations. Ms. Lyu has served as a sub-committee for private medical institutions of the expert
     committee on management capacity building for modern hospitals at the National Health Commission
     Capacity Building and Continuing Education Center (國家衛健委能力建設和繼續教育中心) since October
     2021, an expert committee on medical quality management and evaluation for private medical institutions
     at the Chinese Hospital Association since June 2021 and a member of the hospital review and evaluation
     committee at the Chinese Hospital Association (中國醫院協會) since November 2020. Furthermore, she
     also participated as a member of the Chengdu Jinjiang District Committee of the CPPCC (政協成都市錦江
     區委員會) for two consecutive terms since 2016.




40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Lyu obtained a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business administration from the Open
University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University (香港都會大學)) in
August 2018. Ms. Lyu further obtained a doctoral degree in business administration from The University of
Information Technology and Management in Rzeszow in Poland in March 2022.

Ms. Lyu has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅), aged 55, has been an executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has also
been the chief medical quality control officer of the Company since February 21, 2020. She is mainly
responsible for guiding the implementation of clinical work and medical quality control. Prior to joining
the Group, from July 2018 to January 2020, she served as the clinical director of the IVF Center of the
First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University (重慶醫科大學附屬第一醫院生殖醫學中心). From
December 2009 to March 2018, she worked at the IVF Center of Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
(成都西囡婦科醫院生殖醫學中心) and was responsible for clinical practice and management work. From
May 1994 to August 2006, Dr. Geng worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the
Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (新疆醫科大學第二附屬醫院) and was responsible
for clinical practice, scientific research and teaching. From December 1991 to April 1994, Dr. Geng
worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Barkol People’s Hospital, Barkol, Xinjiang,
Uygur Autonomous Region (新疆維吾爾自治區巴里坤縣人民醫院).

Dr. Geng obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xinjiang Medical School (新疆醫學院) (the
predecessor of Xinjiang Medical University) in the PRC in July 1991 and a doctoral degree in medicine
with a major in reproductive endocrinology and assisted reproductive technology from West China School
of Medicine, Sichuan University (四川大學華西臨床醫學院) in the PRC in July 2009.

Dr. Geng has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive Medicine and
Reproductive Ethics Subcommittee of the China Healthy Birth Science Association (中國優生科學協會生殖
醫學與生殖倫理學分會) since February 2019. Since October 2019, she has served as the vice chairman of
the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of the Chongqing Medical Association (重慶市醫學會生
殖醫學專業委員會). Since July 2018, she has served as a member of the first session of the Reproductive
Immunology Sub-committee of the Chongqing Society of Immunology (重慶市免疫學會生殖免疫分會).
Since September 2017, she has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive
Endocrinology Professional Committee of the China Medicine Education Association (中國醫藥教育協會
生殖內分泌專業). Since July 2016, she has served as a member of the second session of the standing
committee of the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of Sichuan Provincial Medical Association
(四川省醫學會生殖醫學專業委員會). Dr. Geng was one of the main breeders of the first successful IVF
in Tibet Autonomous Region and she was awarded “Excellent Expert with Outstanding Contributions” in
Sichuan Province in 2018.

Dr. Geng has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   41
     Directors and Senior Management



     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Fang Min (方敏), aged 44, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December
     25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on financial management and business
     development to our Group. He has been a managing director at Warburg Pincus Asia LLC since July
     2016 and is primarily responsible for investment and management consulting. Prior to joining Warburg
     Pincus Investment Consulting Company Limited (Shanghai Branch) in July 2011 as investment manager,
     he worked at Boston Consulting (Shanghai) Company Ltd. as a consultant between September 2001 and
     November 2006.

     From January 2020 to October 2021, Mr. Fang served as a non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare
     Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx stock code: 6078). From March 2015 to August 2016, Mr. Fang was a director
     of China Biologic Products Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: CBPO).

     Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics with a major in international finance from Fudan
     University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2001 and a master’s degree in business administration from
     Stanford University in the United States in June 2007.

     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Fang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
     securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
     of this annual report.

     Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆), aged 50, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December 25,
     2018. She is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategies and governance to our
     Group.

     Ms. Hu has over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, including commercial banking,
     equity investments, corporate finance and fund management. She has served in China Investment and
     Finance Limited (subsequently renamed CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited) since November 2004
     and has been its deputy general manager since August 2011. From August 1996 to November 2004, she
     served in various positions in the credit department and corporate business department of China CITIC
     Bank (中信銀行股份有限公司) (HKEx stock code: 0998) with her last positions being client manager and
     deputy director.

     Ms. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from China Institute of Finance and Banking
     (中國金融學院) (subsequently merged with the University of International Business and Economics (對外
     經濟貿易大學)) in the PRC in July 1996 and a master’s degree in economics from Central University of
     Finance and Economics (中央財經大學) in the PRC in September 2003.

     Ms. Hu has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴), aged 54, has been a non-executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has
also been a senior vice president of the Company since September 12, 2018. Her main responsibilities
include the overall management of the Group and overseeing operations and internal audit matters. She
joined the Group in March 2010 and served as an executive Director from May 3, 2018 to June 29, 2020.
From March 2010 to October 2015, she served as the finance director of Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital and
continued to be the finance director of Chengdu Xinan Clinic until October 2018. Between November 2006
and January 2010, Ms. Yan acted as the head of finance at Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
Hospital and from February 2000 to January 2006, she was employed as an accountant. Prior to joining our
Group, from January 1992 to January 2000, she worked at Luzhou Baoguang Pharmaceutical Company (瀘
州寶光醫藥公司).

Ms. Yan obtained a college graduation certificate in law by way of distance learning from the
correspondence college of Sichuan Province Party School of the Communist Party of China (中共四
川省委黨校) in the PRC in June 2001 and a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business
administration from Open University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University
(香港都會大學)) in November 2015.

Ms. Yan has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強), aged 59, has been an independent non-executive Director of the
Company since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
judgment to the Board.

Dr. Chong has over 24 years of experience in the medical industry. From April 2015 to June 2020, he was
an independent non-executive director of Wenzhou Kangning Hospital Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 2120).
From February 2012 to February 2015, Dr. Chong served as the deputy secretary-general of the Chinese
Hospital Association (中國醫院協會). From January 2004 to January 2012 and since February 2015, he
was the president of Guangzhou Ailibi Management Consulting Co., Ltd (廣州艾力比管理顧問有限公司), a
company engaged in the provision of hospital consultation services. From November 1994 to May 2000, he
held various positions at a number of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd (阿斯利康製藥有限公司) and Beijing Novartis Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (北京諾華製藥有限公司),
where he was primarily responsible for the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical drugs.

Dr. Chong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in medical science from Zhongshan Medical University
(中山醫科大學), subsequently merged into Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in Guangzhou in July 1986.
He also obtained a master’s degree in business administration degree from Northwestern University and
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in May 2004. He also graduated with a doctoral degree
in management from ISCTE — University Institute of Lisbon in November 2013.

Except as disclosed above, Dr. Chong has not held directorship in any other public companies the
securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
of this annual report.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Directors and Senior Management



     Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉), aged 50, has been an independent non-executive Director since August 31, 2021.
     He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

     Mr. Li is a juris doctor and has been a professor of commercial law at China University of Political Science
     and Law and a supervisor for doctoral students since 2013. He also serves as the director of department
     of law and commerce at the business school, as well as the secretary general of the Commercial Law
     Research Society of China Law Society. His main research areas include, among others, civil and
     commercial law, corporate law, securities law, corporate governance, etc.

     From 2013 to 2015, Mr. Li served as a visiting professor at the Law School of The Aoyama Gakuin
     University in Japan. Before that, between 2008 to 2009, he was a senior visiting scholar at the Law
     School of University of The New South Wales in Australia and from 2002 to 2004, he was a post-doctoral
     researcher at the Business School of the Renmin University of China. Furthermore, his past positions
     also include the executive director and secretary general of the Commercial Law Research Society of
     China Law Society, executive director of China Association of Business Law, member of the 1st, 2nd and
     3rd Hong Kong and Macau Law Committee of Zhuhai Hengqin New Area, member of Expert Advisory
     Committee of courts such as Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court, and arbitrator of arbitration
     committees in Beijing, Fuzhou, Changsha, Guangzhou, Zibo, Beihai, Ordos and Zhuhai.

     Mr. Li has been in charge of more than 10 national and provincial level projects, including chief specialist
     of significant projects under the National Social Science Fund of China, youth research project under
     the National Social Science Fund of China, the Humanities and Social Science Fund of the Ministry of
     Education, rule of law theory projects of the Ministry of Justice and social science projects under Beijing
     Social Science Fund. He was also in charge of the youth research innovation team project of Commercial
     Law in China University of Political Science and Law for six years from 2012 to 2018. Furthermore, Mr. Li
     has published more than 160 academic papers such as China Legal Science, Journal of Law and Xinhua
     Digest.

     Mr Li. has received several awards for research excellence such as the second prize in Dong Biwu Youth
     Law Achievement Award and the third prize in the 4th China Law Outstanding Achievement Award. As
     a legal expert, he has successively participated in expert argumentation of a number of legislative and
     judicial interpretation documents, including, among others, General Principles of Civil Law, Civil Code —
     Contracts, Company Law, Electronic Commerce Law and Company Law Interpretation (3), (4). He also
     received the Outstanding Teacher Award of 2011 and Excellent Teacher Award of 2007, 2009, 2010 and
     2016, awarded by the China University of Political Science and Law.

     Mr. Li obtained the independent director qualification from the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2015, and is
     currently an independent director of Hanwang Technology Co., Ltd. (漢王科技股份有限公司) since April
     2018, whose shares have been listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002362), Linksus
     Digiwork Marketing Communication Co., Ltd. (靈思雲途營銷顧問股份有限公司) since May 2017, whose
     shares have been listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 838290), and
     China Quanjude (Group) Co., Ltd. (中國全聚德(集團)股份有限公司) since December 2018, whose shares
     are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002186). He also serves as the chairman of the
     board of Beijing Fangyuan Zhonghe Culture Communication Co., Ltd. (北京方圓眾合教育科技有限公司). In
     addition, Mr. Li is also an independent non-executive director of China Shangshui Cement Group Limited
     (中國山水水泥集團有限公司) since May 2018, whose shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 0691)




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Except as disclosed above, Mr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of
which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual
report.

Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波), aged 48, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
Board.

Mr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in the legal service industry with a focus on corporate law.
In April 2000, Mr. Wang joined Duan & Duan Law Firm (段和段律師事務所) and is currently acting as
the executive chairman, chief executive officer and partner. He has been an independent non-executive
director of Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co., Ltd. (上 海 隧 道 工 程 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SSE stock code:
600820) since December 2018 and Juneyao Airlines Co., Ltd. (上海吉祥航空股份有限公司) (SSE stock
code: 603885) since July 2017. He has been an independent director of Hengyi Biomedical Technology
(Shanghai) Co Ltd (恒翼生物醫藥(上海)股份有限公司) since November 2021.

Mr. Wang received a bachelor’s degree in literature from Shanghai International Studies University (上海
外國語大學) in the PRC in January 1997 and another bachelor’s degree in law from Shanghai University
(上海大學) in the PRC in July 1999. Mr. Wang also graduated from the University of Oxford with a master’s
degree in law in the United Kingdom in October 2005. Mr. Wang received his PRC lawyer’s practicing
license issued by the Shanghai Bureau of Justice (上海市司法局) in January 2001.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Wang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
of this annual report.

Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青), aged 53, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
Board.

Mr. Ye has over 25 years of experience in professional accounting, financial advisory and investment
services. He has been an independent director of NWTN Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: NWTN) since
November 2022, an independent director of VNET Group Limited (NASDAQ stock code: VNET) since
August 2022, an independent non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx
stock code: 6078) since September 2019, an independent non-executive director of Ascentage Pharma
Group International (HKEx stock code: 6855) since June 2019, Luzhou Bank Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code:
1983) between December 2018 and September 2022, Niu Technologies (NASDAQ stock code: NIU) since
October 2018, and Baozun Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: BZUN and HKEx stock code: 9991) since May
2016. From February 2011 to December 2015, Mr. Ye worked at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management
Co., Ltd. (中信產業投資基金管理有限公司), and his last positions there were managing director, chief
financial officer and member of the investment committee. Prior to that, between April 1993 and January
2011, Mr. Ye worked at the China office of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP (Special General
Partnership) (普華永道中天會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）), with his last positions being service line leader
of advisory services and leader of transaction services of Shanghai office.

Mr. Ye graduated with a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Huazhong University of Science and
Technology (華中理工大學, now renamed as 華中科技大學) in the PRC in July 1992 and a master’s degree
in business administration from University of Warwick in the United Kingdom in November 1999. Mr. Ye is
currently a member of the Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   45
     Directors and Senior Management



     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Ye has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities
     of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
     annual report.

     Senior Management
     Mr. Dong Yang, is an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. See “— Executive
     Directors” for details of his biography.

     Ms. Lyu Rong, is an executive Director and co-chief executive officer of the Company. See “— Executive
     Directors” for details of her biography.

     Dr. Li Yuan (李媛), aged 52, has been the chief medical officer of the Group since August 2021 and is
     primarily responsible for improving the quality of medical services, strengthening the scientific research
     and innovation, training medical professionals and employees and improving the customer-centric culture
     in the hospitals of the Group. Dr. Li has been working in the field of reproductive medicine since 1994.
     From 1999 to 2011, Dr. Li successively served as the laboratory director and assistant to the dean in the
     Affiliated Reproductive Medicine Hospital of Shandong University* (山東大學附屬生殖醫院) and established
     its standardized quality control system. Prior to that, from September 2011 to August 2021, she was
     employed as a director at the reproductive center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital* (北京朝陽醫院). During
     her tenure, she significantly contributed to and as the founder of reproductive center, led the reproductive
     center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital to become one of the top clinical centers in Beijing in terms of clinical
     operations, greatly recognized by the patients.

     Dr. Li has made a series of academic achievements in the field of reproductive medicine. She owns more
     than 10 patents in relation to reproductive medicine and has published more than 130 academic articles.
     As a project director, she had also undertaken eight Chinese national and provincial projects, including
     the 973 Program* (國家973計劃課題) in 2011 and the project of the Natural National Science Foundation
     of China* (國家自然科學基金) in 2008 and 2014 respectively. Further, Dr. Li received second prize in
     the National Science and Technology Progress Award* (國家科技進步獎), first prize in the Ministry of
     Education* (教育部) and the first and second prize in the Provincial Science and Technology Progress
     Award*(省科技進步獎), respectively. Moreover, she was the chief editor of the guiding textbook Human
     Assisted Reproductive Laboratory Technology* (人類輔助生殖實驗技術) published in 2008.

     Dr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree from the School of Medicine of the Shandong Medical University (山東
     大學醫學院) in June 1994 and a master’s degree and a doctorate degree from the School of Medicine of
     the Shandong Medical University in June 1999.

     Dr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Huang Hanmei (黃寒梅), aged 42, is the chief financial officer of the Company and is mainly
responsible for the financial management of our Group, financing activities and investor relations
management. She joined our Group since January 2020 and was appointed as our chief financial officer on
January 2, 2024. Ms. Huang has been the vice president of the Company since January 2020 and is also
head of finance management for the Group’s Mainland China business. Ms. Huang is primarily responsible
for overseeing the finance management, restructuring projects and operational support of the Group’s
domestic business. She has been an independent director of Shanghai Micurx Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(上海盟科藥業股份有限公司) (SHA: 688373) since December 2020. From January 2017 to December
2019, she served as the finance director of China Resources Medical Holdings Limited (華潤醫療控股有
限公司). From October 2012 to December 2016, she served as finance manager and later senior manager
(professional vice director level) of China Resources Group Limited (華潤集團有限公司). From August 2006
to September 2012, she successively served as an auditor and an audit manager of Ernst & Young Hua
Ming & Co (安永華明會計師事務所).

Ms. Huang obtained a master’s degree in management, majoring in accounting from the Central University
of Finance and Economics (中央財經大學) in July 2006. Ms. Huang is a certified public accountant in the
PRC, a chartered financial analyst and a certified public accountant in Australia.

Except as disclosed above, Ms. Huang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
of this annual report.

Ms. Duan Hongmei (段紅梅), aged 43, has been the chief operating officer of the domestic market of the
Company and the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group
Limited* (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since March 2022 and December 2018, respectively. Ms.
Duan has nearly 20 years of experience in the hospital industry. From April 2017 to November 2018, she
served as the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Healthcare Hospital Management Co. Ltd.* (成
都錦欣康養醫院管理有限公司). From October 2016 to March 2017, she served as the director of Chengdu
Jinxin JiuJiuLeLing Healthcare Center (成都錦欣九九樂齡康養中心). From August 2015 to October 2016,
she served as the deputy director of Chengdu Jinxin Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦欣婦
產科醫院). From September 2004 to July 2015, she was the director of Longzhou Road/Lianxin/Yanshikou
Community Healthcare Center (成都錦江區龍舟路╱蓮新路╱鹽市口社區衛生服務中心) in Jinjiang District,
Chengdu and the person in charge of Jinxin Love Angel Education Center (錦欣愛天使教育中心). From
September 2003 to August 2004, she served as an inpatient gynaecology nurse at Chengdu Jinjiang
District Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦江區婦產科醫院) and also as a nursing department
administrator.

Ms. Duan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Southwest University of Finance and
Economics (西南財經大學) in November 2018.

Ms. Duan did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   47
     Report of Directors



     The Board is pleased to present its annual report together with the audited consolidated financial
     statements of the Group for the Reporting Period.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group principally engaged in providing IVF services in both China and the United States. Analysis of
     the principal activities of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2023 is set out in note 1 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance
     (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an
     indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its
     stakeholders who have a significant impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends,
     is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These
     discussions form part of this annual report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the
     end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual
     report.

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements” under
     “Continuing Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of certain
     principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group.

     •    The assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network conduct business in a strictly regulated
          industry. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may adversely affect the business
          and results of operations of the medical facilities in our network and, therefore, the Group.

     •    Any adverse change in the regulatory regime relating to the PRC healthcare industry may limit the
          ability to provide ARS by the medical facilities in our network and may have a material adverse effect
          on the business, results of operations and financial conditions of the assisted reproductive medical
          facilities in our network, and therefore, the Group.

     •    If the assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network are unable to attract and retain a
          sufficient number of qualified physicians, administrators and other medical personnel, the business,
          results of operations and financial results of such medical facilities and the Group could be materially
          and adversely affected.

     •    We derived and expect to derive a majority of our revenue from Sichuan and Guangdong in the PRC
          and California in the United States, and may be particularly sensitive to adverse developments with
          respect to local conditions and changes in these regions, such as with respect to their economy, laws
          and regulations, and any force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious diseases
          in these region.

     •    Any failure to obtain or maintain any license may subject the assisted reproductive medical facilities
          in our network to penalties and may affect the business of the assisted reproductive medical facilities
          in our network, and therefore, the Group.



48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Report of Directors



Since the above is not an exhaustive list, investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
protecting the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.

For more details, please refer to the 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company
which will be published and made available at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
regulations by the Group.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 111 and 112 of this annual report.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$5.95 cents per Share for the year ended
December 31, 2023 (for the year ended December 31, 2022: nil) which is subject to the approval by the
Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend is expected to be payable to the Shareholders on or before
Thursday, July 25, 2024. The dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, July 4, 2024.

The register of members of the Company will be closed, for the purpose of determining Shareholders’
entitlement to the proposed final dividend, from Tuesday, July 2, 2024 to Thursday, July 4, 2024, both
dates inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order
to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of Shares accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 28, 2024.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five ﬁnancial years are set out on page
6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the
underwriting fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million and the
unutilized net proceeds as of December 31, 2023 were kept at the bank accounts of the Group.

                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   49
     Report of Directors



     The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have
     been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets
     out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2023:

                                                                                                                   Net                      Expected
                                                                                                             proceeds                       timeline
                                                                                             Actual           brought      Unutilized net   for utilizing
                                                                        Percentage      usage up to        forward for    proceeds as at    the remaining
                                                           Planned      of total net   December 31,     the Reporting      December 31,     unutilized net
     Use of proceeds                                   applications        proceed             2023             Period              2023    proceeds(2)
                                                       (HK$ million)                    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


     To expand and upgrade existing assisted                 702.0(1)        25.0%             702.0                 –                 –    By December
         reproductive medical facilities in the                                                                                                2022
         Group’s network in China and recruit
         medical professionals, including
         physicians and embryologists, in order
         to increase capacity, expand its service
         offering and market share(1)
     For the potential acquisition of additional              561.6          20.0%             561.6                 –                 –    By December
         assisted reproductive medical facilities in                                                                                           2021
         provinces in China we are currently not
         operating in(3)
     For investment in research and development               280.8          10.0%             113.4             188.0             167.4    By December
         to enhance overall performance and                                                                                                    2026
         maintain the Group’s position at the
         forefront of assisted reproductive
         technology
     For the potential acquisitions of ARS service            561.6          20.0%             561.6                 –                 –    By December
         providers and businesses along the ARS                                                                                                2021
         service chain(4)
     To improve brand awareness and general                   421.2          15.0%             348.6             259.8              72.6    By December
         ARS awareness in both China and the                                                                                                   2025
         United States
     For the Group’s working capital and general              280.9          10.0%             280.9                 –                 –    By June 2022
         corporate purposes(5)

     Total                                                  2,808.1         100.0%           2,568.1             447.8             240.0

     Notes:

     (1)     The Group intends to use (i) 20.0% or HK$561.6 million to (a) expand and upgrade the medical facilities, (b) acquire
             additional medical equipment and (c) acquire and/or construct patient care facilities, and (ii) 5.0%, or HK$140.4 million
             to recruit and expand medical professional teams and relevant supporting staff, including introducing professional staff
             specializing in prenatal services.

     (2)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
             made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.

     (3)     Including the acquisition of equity interests of a hospital in Wuhan with assisted reproductive medical facilities and
             subsequent capital expenditure in connection with improving the hospital.

     (4)     Including (i) formation of joint venture with the shareholders of Mengmei Life Pty. Ltd. and Jinxin Hospital Management
             Group Limited in relation to, among others, the promotion, customers acquisition and channels management related
             to IVF and (ii) acquisition of obstetrics, gynecology and pediatric business through Jinxin Medical Management (BVI)
             Group Limited.

     (5)     Namely (i) consultation fees, including but not limited to fees for legal compliance, audit, investor relations/public
             relations, human resources, and operations; (ii) rental and office expense; and (iii) remuneration packages of the existing
             management team.

50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited             Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                   Report of Directors



USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING
On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 80,000,000
Shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six
independent investors (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$15.85 per Share (the closing price of the
Company as quoted on the Stock Exchange on February 2, 2021 was HK$16.95 per Share).

The closing of the Placing took place on February 9, 2021. The net proceeds from the Placing were
approximately HK$1,253.5 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes
set out in the announcements of the Company dated February 2, 2021 and February 9, 2021 respectively.
The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December
31, 2023:

                                                                                                                                           Expected
                                                                                                  Net proceeds                          timeline for
                                                                                      Actual           brought       Unutilized net    utilizing the
                                                                 Percentage      usage up to        forward for     proceeds as at        remaining
                                                     Planned     of total net   December 31,     the Reporting       December 31,     unutilized net
                                                 applications       proceed             2023             Period               2023       proceeds(1)
                                                 (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)


To fund potential merger and acquisition              1,002.8         80.0%           1,002.8                 –                  –    By December
    opportunities of ARS-licensed providers                                                                                              2021
    located in regions in the PRC with
    relatively high demand for ARS, such as
    in East China, the Beijing Tianjin-Hebei
    region, and other highly potential regions
To fund potential merger and acquisition                188.0         15.0%                 –             188.0              188.0    By June 2024
    opportunities of ARS-licensed providers
    located outside the PRC, such as
    Southeast Asia and other Asia pacific
    countries
For general corporate and working capital                62.7          5.0%              62.7                 –                  –    By June 2022
    purposes


Total                                                 1,253.5        100.0%           1,065.5             188.0              188.0

Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
        conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
        conditions.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023             Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      51
     Report of Directors



     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM TOP-UP PLACING
     On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with JINXIN Fertility
     Investment Group Limited as vendor (the “Vendor”) and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as placing agent
     (the “Top-Up Placing Agent”), pursuant to which (i) the Vendor agreed to sell, and the Top-Up Placing
     Agent agreed to procure purchaser to purchase, on a fully underwritten basis, 175,000,000 Shares at
     a price of HK$6.725 per Share (the closing price of the Company as quoted on the Stock Exchange on
     January 5, 2023 was HK$7.09 per Share); and (ii) the Vendor agreed to subscribe as principal for, and
     the Company agreed to issue, 175,000,000 new Shares, being equivalent to the number of placing Shares
     thereunder at the same price (the “Top-Up Placing”).

     The closing of the placing and subscription under the Top-Up Placing took place on January 9, 2023
     and January 16, 2023, respectively. The net proceeds from the Top-Up Placing were approximately
     HK$1,162.31 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the
     announcements of the Company dated January 5, 2023 and January 16, 2023, respectively. The table
     below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to June 30, 2023:

                                                                                                                                        Expected
                                                                                                     Net proceeds                       timeline for
                                                                                         Actual           brought      Unutilized net   utilizing the
                                                                    Percentage      usage up to        forward for    proceeds as at    remaining
                                                        Planned     of total net   December 31,     the Reporting      December 31,     unutilized net
                                                    applications       proceed             2023             Period              2023    proceeds(1)
                                                    (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


     To redeem and repay the relevant part of the         987.96         85.0%            987.96            987.96                 –    By June 2023
         outstanding convertible bonds issued by
         the Company on November 26, 2021 in
         the principal amount of HK$1,814,706,000
     For the Group’s working capital and general          174.35         15.0%              88.2            174.35             86.15    By December
         corporate purposes                                                                                                                2024


     Total                                              1,162.31        100.0%          1,076.16          1,162.31             86.15

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
             conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
             conditions.




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Report of Directors



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS
Major Customers
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group’s sales to its ﬁve largest customers accounted for
24.1% (2022: 22.5%) of the Group’s total revenue and our single largest customer accounted for 15.9%
(2022: 14.9%) of the Group’s total revenue.

Major Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group’s ﬁve largest suppliers accounted for 37.4% (2022:
42.1%) of the Group’s total purchases and our single largest supplier accounted for 19.5% (2022: 18.3%)
of the Group’s total purchases.

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders
(which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the
Company) had any interest in the Group’s ﬁve largest customers and suppliers.

Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, patients,
customers, suppliers and other business associates are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives
to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, educating, collaborating, and cultivating strong
relationships with them. The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees.
To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of the Group’s workforce, the Group provides the
employees with periodic training, including introductory training for new employees, technical training,
professional and management training and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains
a good relationship with its employees and the Group did not experience any significant labor disputes
or any difficulty in recruiting staff for its operations. The Group conducts academic marketing activities to
establish and maintain relationships with key opinion leaders in the national medical system. The Group
provides these experts with detailed information on its products and helps them make independent
comparison among competing products in the market. The Group also maintains long-term cooperative
relationships with medical experts to help raise the Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s
products in the medical community and among patients, provide it with valuable clinical data to improve
the Group’s products, and collect feedback from the real world clinical practices and support on the
patients group and comply with physicians to manage the side effects. For details of an account of the
Company’s key relationships with its main stakeholders, please see the 2023 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year
ended December 31, 2023 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year December 31, 2023 are set out
in note 38 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Report of Directors



     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended December 31,
     2023 are set out on pages 115 to 117 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 48 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, amounted to approximately
     RMB8,593.4 million (as of December 31, 2022: RMB7,607.0 million).

     TAXATION
     Tax position of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set forth in note 11 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     TAX RELIEF
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.

     BANK BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank borrowings of the Company and the Group as of December 31, 2023 are set out in note
     36 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Report of Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
Dr. John G. Wilcox
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Geng Lihong

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min
Ms. Hu Zhe
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung
Mr. Li Jianwei
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Ye Changqing

In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being
(or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire
from office by rotation, and shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM.

In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a
casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of members after his/her appointment and
be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the
existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

Accordingly, Mr. Zhong Yong, Ms. Hu Zhe, Mr. Li Jianwei and Mr. Ye Changqing shall retire by rotation as
Directors at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

Details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM will be set out in the circular to the Shareholders to be
despatched in due course.

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 39 to
47 of this annual report.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to
be independent during the Reporting Period.



                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   55
     Report of Directors



     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
     date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
     case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company.

     Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
     appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years with effect from their respective date of
     appointment. Under their respective appointment letters, each of the independent non-executive Directors
     is entitled to a fixed Director’s fee while the non-executive Directors are not entitled to any remuneration as
     Directors.

     The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
     Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM, has entered into any
     service contract with any member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the
     employer within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions and One-Off Connected
     Transactions” below, none of the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
     transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or
     any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.

     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     No contract of significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the
     Reporting Period.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
     business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
     remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group.




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Report of Directors



The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period
are set out in note 12 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 42 to the
consolidated financial statements.

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no change to information which is required to be
disclosed and has been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 13.51(2)
of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

RISK MANAGEMENT
Currency Risk
The business of the Group mainly operates in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with
its transactions settled in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar, respectively. Renminbi is not a
freely convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international
economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted
any hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which
serves as a natural hedging purpose. As a result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any
significant direct foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our
exposure to such risk.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and bank
borrowing. Its cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank
balances and bank borrowing. The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant
and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because the
tenor of such instruments are short, ranging from 90 days to 3 years or can be redeemable on demand.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Report of Directors



     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring
     forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of
     the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which had been notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Interest in Shares and Underlying Shares

                                                                           Number          Approximate
                                                                         of shares/       percentage of       Long position/
                                         Capacity/                      underlying      shareholding in       Short position/
     Name of Director                    nature of interest                  shares       the Company         Lending pool


     Mr. Zhong Yong                      Beneficial owner               13,123,611                  0.48%     Long position
     Dr. John G. Wilcox                  Beneficial owner               10,000,000                  0.37%     Long position
     Mr. Dong Yang                       Beneficial owner               10,894,318                  0.40%     Long position
     Ms. Lyu Rong                        Beneficial owner               11,977,318                  0.44%     Long position
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                    Beneficial owner                2,216,000                  0.08%     Long position
     Dr. Geng Lihong                     Beneficial owner                  600,000                  0.02%     Long position

     Note:

     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 2,720,913,796 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2023.




58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                     Report of Directors



(i)   Interest in the Company’s associated corporations


                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of
                                                 Capacity/                 Name of associated               shareholding
      Name of Director                           nature of interest        corporation                           interest


      Ms. Lyu Rong                               Beneficial owner          Jinyi Hongkang                            51%(1)
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                           Beneficial owner          Jinrun Fude                               51%(2)

      Notes:

      (1)   Ms. Lyu Rong, one of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi
            Hongkang. Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2021 Contractual Arrangements.

      (2)   Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude.
            Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2019 Contractual Arrangements.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the
Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that
was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none
of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe
for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such
right.




                                                                        Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   59
     Report of Directors



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at December 31, 2023, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares which fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
     the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
     SFO:

                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                             percentage of     Long position/
                                            Capacity/            Number of Shares/         shareholding in     Short position/
     Name of Shareholder                    nature of interest   underlying Shares           the Company       Lending pool


     Jinxin Fertility BVI(1)                Beneficial owner             319,471,061                11.74%     Long position
     HRC Investment                         Beneficial owner             288,580,005                10.61%     Long position
     HHLR Advisors, Ltd. (previously        Investment manager           176,181,349                 6.48%     Long position
        known as Hillhouse Capital
        Advisors, Ltd.)(2)
     HHLR Fund, L.P.                        Beneficial owner             152,915,349                 5.62%     Long position
        (previously known
        as Gaoling Fund, L.P.)(2)

     Notes:

     (1)   Jinxin Fertility BVI is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the individual Shareholders are
           interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon Listing and remain as one of our substantial
           Shareholders upon Listing and as at December 31, 2023.

     (2)   HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is the investment manager of HHLR Fund, L.P. and is therefore deemed to be interested in the
           Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P.

     (3)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,720,913,796 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2023.


     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who
     were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares
     or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
     which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
     therein.




60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Report of Directors



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Share Option Scheme was approved and conditionally adopted by the Shareholders by way of written
resolutions on June 3, 2019 (the “Adoption Date”). As at December 31, 2023, no option was granted, and
thus no option had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. The Board
has not specified any performance target that must be achieved before options can be exercised. The
following is a summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme but does not form part of, nor
was it intended to be, the Share Option Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
rules of the Share Option Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options as defined in the
     Share Option Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the
     Group.

(2) Participants
     Eligible participants under the Share Option Schemes (the “Eligible Person”) include any persons
     belonging to any of the following classes of participants: (a) any of our employees or employees of
     our subsidiaries or any entity (the “Managed Entity”) in which our Group holds any equity interest,
     including any executive director of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity; (b) any of
     non-executive director or independent non-executive director of our Company, its subsidiaries or
     Managed Entity; and (c) any senior management of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity.

(3) Total number of Shares to be issued
     The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
     Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company must not in aggregate
     exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the total issued shares as
     of the Listing Date, and representing approximately 8.63% of the Shares in issue as at the date of
     this annual report. Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme will not
     be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit. As a result, the total number of
     Shares available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 238,081,580 Shares as at January 1,
     2023 and December 31, 2023 respectively.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each participant
     The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
     granted under the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised or outstanding options) to each
     Eligible Person in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the
     Company for the time being (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of options in excess of the
     Individual Limit in any 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant must be
     subject to the issue of a circular to the Shareholders and the Shareholders’ approval in general
     meeting of our Company with such Eligible Person and his associates abstaining from voting.




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   61
     Report of Directors



     (5) Grant of options and acceptance of offers
          Options may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
          the grant as indicated in the offer letter. The options under the Share Option Scheme were granted to
          the grantees as HK$1.00.

          An option may be accepted by an Eligible Person within 28 days from the date of the offer of grant of
          the option.

     (6) Period within which options may be exercised
          An option may be exercised, in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, one year
          after the date on which the option is granted and shall expire on the earlier of the last day of (i) a ten
          year period from the date of such grant for each corresponding grantee as set out in their respective
          offer letters and (ii) the expiration of the Share Option Scheme.

     (7) Vesting Period
          Options granted generally vest over a period ranging from 2 to 5 years. The vesting schedule of the
          options will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee on
          the respective anniversary dates of the grant.

     (8) Basis of determination of Subscription Price
          The subscription price (the “Subscription Price”) for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be
          a price determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of
          Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations on the date of grant of that option, which
          must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
          daily quotations for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of that option; and
          (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

     (9) Life of the Share Option Scheme
          The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing from the
          Adoption Date. As such, as at December 31, 2023, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
          was approximately 5 years.




62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Report of Directors



RSU SCHEME
The RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the “RSU Adoption
Date”). The following is a summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor
was it intended to be, the RSU Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of
the RSU Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the RSU Scheme
     The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the RSU Scheme
     (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company;
     (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares
     for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a
     flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
     benefits to the Selected Participants.

(2) Selected Participants of the RSU Scheme
     Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the RSU Scheme are any employee, director, officer,
     consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any member
     of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have
     contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any Managed Entity.

(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
     The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant
     to the RSU Scheme shall not exceed in 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately 1.66% of
     the Company’s issued share capital as of the RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”), and
     representing approximately 1.20% of the Shares in issue as at the date of this annual report. As at the
     date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue in respect of which RSUs may
     be granted under the RSU Scheme is 1,764,360 Shares, representing approximately 0.06% of the
     Shares in issue as at that date. During the Reporting Period, no RSUs were granted under the RSU
     Scheme.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
     The maximum entitlement of each participant under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed any limits that
     may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any further grant
     of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’
     approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   63
     Report of Directors



     (5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the RSU Scheme
          RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting schedule
          of the RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each corresponding Selected
          Participant upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on the respective anniversary dates
          of the vesting commencement date.

     (6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
          RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
          the grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the RSU Scheme were granted
          to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Selected
          Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

     (7) Life of the RSU Scheme
          The RSU Scheme commences on the RSU Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and
          until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated
          earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at December 31, 2023, the remaining life of the RSU
          Scheme was approximately 5 years.

          During the Reporting Period, no RSUs were granted under the RSU Scheme. Details of the
          movements of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out in
          note 40 to the condensed consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

          The total number of RSUs available for grant under the RSU Scheme as at January 1, 2023 and
          December 31, 2023 was 1,737,694 Shares and 1,764,360 Shares respectively.




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                    Report of Directors



    The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting
    Period:


                                                                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                                                                                                                     closing price
                                                                 Closing price                                                                                       of the Shares
                                                                     of Shares                                                                                        immediately
                                                                  immediately                        Number of                                                          before the
                                                                    before the            Number award Shares                                         Number of          dates on
    Name of                                                     date on which            of award      granted       Number of                     award Shares         which the    Fair value of
    Participant or                                                  the award         Shares held    during the award Shares          Number of           held at award Shares award Shares
    Category of                                                   Shares were        at January 1,   Reporting          lapsed/ award Shares December 31,             were vested    at the date of
    Participant          Date of Grant      Vesting Period(1)   granted (HK$)                2023       Period        cancelled           vested              2023          (HK$)     grant (HK$)


    Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
    Dr. John Matthew
          Norian         February 15, 2019 1–5 years                      5.25          1,568,680             –               –                –        1,568,680             7.69            5.25


    Other employee participants, related entity participants and service providers
                         January 6, 2020    1–3 years                    10.82          2,561,977             –          26,666        2,096,610         438,701            10.30            11.01
                         January 10, 2021 6 months-3 years               15.18          1,365,919             –               –          214,070        1,151,849             9.22           15.18
                         June 1, 2021       8 months-3 years             21.25            375,000             –               –           62,500         312,500              7.65           21.25
                         January 1, 2022    1 month-2 years               8.71             66,667             –               –           33,333          33,334              7.48            8.71
                         January 31, 2022 1 month-5 years                 7.76          3,244,860             –               –          139,350        3,105,510             5.91            7.76
                         March 1, 2022      10 months-3 years             8.89            100,000             –               –           33,333          66,667              7.27            8.94


    Total                                                                               9,283,103             –          26,666        2,579,196        6,677,241


    Note:

    (1)       The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are
              linked with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the
              achievement of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as
              the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected
              Participant.




2022 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022
(the “Award Adoption Date”). The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Restricted
Share Award Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the 2022 Restricted Share
Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the 2022 Restricted
Share Award Scheme:




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023                 Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                   65
     Report of Directors



     (1) Purpose of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
          The purposes of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
          participants of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with
          the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected
          Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of
          the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of
          either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the
          Award Selected Participants.

     (2) Selected Participants of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are any
          employee, director, officer, consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is
          managed by any member of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole
          discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any
          Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made
          pursuant to the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall not exceed in 75,227,514 Shares,
          representing approximately 3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption
          Date (the “Award Limit”), and representing approximately 2.73% of the Shares in issue as at the
          date of this annual report, provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the Award
          Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in
          accordance with the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme. As at the date of this annual report, the
          total number of Shares available for issue in respect of which Restricted Shares may be granted
          under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme is 18,057,267 Restricted Shares, representing
          approximately 0.65% of the Shares in issue as at that date. During the Rporting Period, the number
          of Shares underlying the Restricted Shares that were granted under the 2022 Restricted Share Award
          Scheme divided by the weighted average number of total Shares in issue during the Reporting Period
          is 2.14%.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall
          not exceed any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended
          and in force. Any further grant of Share Awards to any one participant in excess of such imposed
          limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his
          associates abstaining from voting.

     (5) Vesting Period of Restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
          Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the
          Restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding
          grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of
          the grant.




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                     Report of Directors



(6) Grant of Restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
    Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of
    the offer of the grant of the Restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The Restricted Shares
    under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at
    nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting at nil
    consideration.

(7) Life of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
    The 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme commences on the Award Adoption Date and remains
    valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from
    such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at December 31, 2023,
    the remaining life of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme is approximately eight years.

    During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 65,853,241 restricted
    Shares in aggregate to grantees under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme, subject to
    the acceptance of the grantees and other conditions as may be determined by the Board. As
    at December 31, 2023, the Company has awarded 57,170,247 Restricted Shares in aggregate
    to employees of the Company, Directors and Subsidiary Directors under the 2022 Restricted
    Share Award Scheme. Details of the movements of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022
    Restricted Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out in note 40 to the condensed
    consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

    The total number of Restricted Shares available for grant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award
    Scheme as at January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 was 75,227,514 Shares and 18,057,267
    Shares respectively.

                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                                                                                            closing price
                                                                   Closing price                                                                           of the Shares
                                                                      of Shares                                                                              immediately
                                                                    immediately                     Number of                                                  before the
                                                                      before the           Number award Shares                              Number of           dates on
    Name of                                                       date on which           of award     granted   Number of                award Shares         which the Fair value of
    Participant or                                                    the award       Shares held   during the award Shares    Number of        held at    award Shares award Shares
    Category of                                                     Shares were      at January 1,   Reporting       lapsed/ award Shares December 31,       were vested at the date of
    Participant           Date of Grant      Vesting Period(1)    granted (HK$)               2023      Period    cancelled        vested         2023             (HK$)   grant (HK$)


    Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
    Dr. John G. Wilcox March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                      5.38                  –      10,000,000              –      –     10,000,000              –            5.40
    Mr. Zhong Yong        March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                   5.38                  –       6,623,611              –      –      6,623,611              –            5.40
    Mr. Dong Yang         March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                   5.38                  –       5,419,318              –      –      5,419,318              –            5.40
    Ms. Lyu Rong          March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                   5.38                  –       5,419,318              –      –      5,419,318              –            5.40
    Dr. Geng Lihong       March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                   5.38                  –         600,000              –      –        600,000              –            5.40

    Other employee participants, related entity participants and service providers
                         January 18, 2023 1 year — 5 years                 7.34                 –       29,060,994       8,682,994      –     20,378,000              –            7.34
                         March 27, 2023 1 year — 5 years                   5.38                 –        8,730,000               –      –      8,730,000              –            5.40

    Total                                                                                       –       65,853,241       8,682,994      –     57,170,247



                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                67
     Report of Directors



          Notes:

          (1)   The vesting of the Restricted Shares shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that
                are linked with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the
                achievement of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as the
                results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Award Selected
                Participant.

          (2)   The Board approved the grant of 65,853,241 Restricted Shares in aggregate to grantees under the 2022 Restricted
                Share Award Scheme, subject to the acceptance of the grantees and other conditions as may be determined
                by the Board. Subsequently on August 23, 2023, the Company has awarded 57,170,247 Restricted Shares in
                aggregate to employees of the Company, Directors and Subsidiary Directors under the 2022 Restricted Share
                Award Scheme.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed
     any of the Company’s listed securities.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
     Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

     DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2023, none of the Directors or their respective
     associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete,
     either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND ONE-OFF CONNECTED
     TRANSACTIONS
     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group had entered into certain non-exempt continuing
     connected transactions and one-off connected transaction as set out below. For detailed terms of
     such non-exempt continuing connected transactions, please refer to the section headed “Connected
     Transactions” of the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2021, April
     12, 2022, July 13, 2022, August 26, 2022, November 7, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively.

     Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
     1.   Contractual Arrangements
          As foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which the Group currently operates in is
          subject to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations as outlined below, the Company does
          not own 100% equity interest in the VIE Entities. The Company has entered a series of contractual
          arrangements which apply to the (i) 10.00%, (ii) 29.90%, (iii) 30.00% and (iv) 100.00% equity interests
          in (a) Chengdu Xinan Clinic, (b) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (c) Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
          Hospital and (d) Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                   Report of Directors



a.   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements
     The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Chengdu Xinan
     Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Xinan Clinic and
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements:



                                      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility                                    Ms. Qian Minhui

                   90%
                                                                      70%                           0.10%


                  Chengdu Xinan Clinic                                    Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital



                                                                    (2)

                                             10%
                                                                     29.90%

 Jinrun Fude Registered        100%
                                                            Jinrun Fude
     Shareholders(1)



                          denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest

                          denotes contractual relationships under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements

                          denotes the equity interests controlled by the Group under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements


                          denotes our VIE Entities



     Notes:

     (1)    The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
            49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

     (2)    The Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Xinan Clinic and
            Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of
            Attorney, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings
            together form the legal relationship under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
            Arrangements.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2023       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          69
     Report of Directors



                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
                please refer to the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” of the Prospectus and the
                announcements of the Company dated January 27, 2022 and April 13, 2022.

                (1)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements
                      The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital have entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Exclusive Operation Services Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility on December 23,
                      2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, pursuant to which, Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Jinrun Fude agreed to engage Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other
                      services in exchange for a service fee.

                      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
                      financing and investment, (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
                      sharing and medical professionals training, (iii) human resources management, (iv) market
                      research, (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion, (vi) supplier and inventory
                      management, (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring, (viii)
                      medical service quality control, (ix) internal management and (x) other services relating to
                      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself
                      from the performance of these services. During the term of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may use the
                      intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital may also use the intellectual property work
                      created by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in
                      accordance with the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements.

                      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 10% of the distributable net profit
                      of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and 29.90% of the distributable net profit of Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Hospital of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial
                      years (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service
                      fees, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital shall
                      reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred
                      by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of the 2019 Exclusive
                      Operation Services Agreements and provision of services. For the year ended December
                      31, 2023, the service fee in relation to 10% of the distributable net profit of Chengdu Xinan
                      Clinic is RMB12,712,000. In relation to Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the service fee in
                      relation to 29.90% of its distributable net profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 is
                      RMB40,431,000.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Report of Directors



(2)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Mr. Zeng Yong and
      Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered the Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements.

      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part
      of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s), (ii) Jinrun
      Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its
      designated person(s), (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
      interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself
      or through its designated person(s), (iv) Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted
      by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Jinrun Fude from Chengdu Xinan Clinic
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital themselves or through their designated person(s),(v)
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option
      to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any
      time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, 50% of all or part of the assets of
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Mr. Zeng Yong from Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital itself or through its designated person(s), Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may appoint
      designated person(s) in its sole discretion when exercising its option. The transfer price
      of the relevant equity interests and assets shall be the minimum purchase price permitted
      under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude,
      Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital will undertake that he/she/it will,
      subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in relation to such
      transfer of equity interests or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

(3)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility, Jinrun Fude and the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
      Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreement and the 2019 Powers of Attorney
      executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude in favor of Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility (the “Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Attorney”).




                                                      Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   71
     Report of Directors



                      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
                      Agreements and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney, (i) the
                      Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
                      exercise all of its rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable) and
                      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and
                      powers of a shareholder of Chengdu Xinan Clinic with 10% equity interests and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital with 29.90% equity interests. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary
                      of the Company, the terms of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’
                      Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of
                      Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions of Chengdu Xinan Clinic
                      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, 100% equity interests of Jinrun Fude and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic, and 99.90% equity interests of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

                (4)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements
                      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Jinrun
                      Fude, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders agree
                      to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Jinrun Fude and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees
                      to pledge all of its equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their obligations and the
                      obligations of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital under the Xinan
                      Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, the Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Contractual Arrangements.

                (5)   Spouse Undertakings
                      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders (as applicable) has
                      signed an spouse undertakings to the effect that (i) the respective interests of the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do
                      not fall within the scope of joint possession, and (ii) each of the spouses has no right to or
                      control over such interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such
                      interests.




72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                     Report of Directors



b.   2022 Contractual Arrangements
     The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Sichuan Jinxin
     Xinan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements:


                                                               (1)
                            Jinyi Hongkang(2)                                  WFOE

                                                100%

                                      Jinxin Medical
                                        Investment

                 10%                            90%
                           Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital

                         Sichuan Jinxin          Sichuan Jinxin
                         Xinan Hospital          Xinan Hospital
                       (Bisheng Campus)        (Jingxiu Campus)

                              denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest
                              denotes contractual relationships under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements

     Notes:

     (1)   The 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, 2022 Powers of
           Attorney, 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal relationship
           under the 2022 contractual Arrangements.

     (2)   Jinyi Hongkang is owned by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Ms. Lyu Rong and Mr. Xu Jun, as
           to 51% and 49%, respectively.


     A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the 2022 Contractual Arrangements
     is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated November 7, 2022.

     (1)   2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
           On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital entered into the 2022 Exclusive
           Operation Services Agreement with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
           Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management, pursuant
           to which, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinyi Hongkang
           each agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management as their exclusive provider of
           technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange for a service fee.

           Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the services to be provided
           include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and investment; (ii) medical technology
           related consultation, medical resources sharing and medical professionals training; (iii)
           human resources management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies for marketing and
           business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation and marketing
           strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix) internal
           management; and (x) other services relating to management and operation of medical
           institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has proprietary



                                                                      Annual Report 2023         Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   73
     Report of Directors



                      rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance
                      of these services. During the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement,
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management may use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital free of charge and
                      without any conditions. Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
                      Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin Medical
                      Management from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management in
                      accordance with the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement.

                      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the service fee shall be an
                      amount equal to 100% of the distributable net profit of each Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
                      of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial years
                      (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital shall reimburse all
                      reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan
                      Jinxin Medical Management in connection with the performance of the 2022 Exclusive
                      Operation Services Agreement and provision of services. For the year ended December
                      31, 2023, the service fee in relation to 100% of the distributable net profit of Sichuan Jinxin
                      Xinan Hospital is RMB305,600,000.

                      In addition, absence of a prior written consent of Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management,
                      during the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin
                      Xinan Hospital shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services
                      provided by any third party and shall not establish similar cooperation relationships with
                      any third party. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has the right to appoint any third party
                      to provide any or all of the services, or to fulfill its obligations under the 2022 Exclusive
                      Operation Services Agreement.

                (2)   2022 Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
                      Exclusive Option Agreements with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.

                      Pursuant to the 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each of the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
                      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
                      any part of the equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s);
                      (ii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
                      Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to
                      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
                      assets of Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s); (iii) Jinyi Hongkang
                      and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
                      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
                      any part of the equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital from Jinyi Hongkang and
                      Jinxin Medical Investment itself or through its designated person(s); and (iv) Sichuan



74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Report of Directors



      Jinxin Xinan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to
      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
      assets of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital attributable to Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical
      Investment from Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital itself or through its designated person(s).
      The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets shall be the minimum purchase
      price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital will undertake
      that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in
      relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management.

(3)   2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and 2022 Powers of Attorney
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
      Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinyi
      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders
      and the 2022 Powers of Attorney executed by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
      Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment in favor of Sichuan Jinxin Medical
      Management (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management (the “2022 Attorney”).

      Pursuant to the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of
      Attorney, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the
      2022 Attorney to exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinyi Hongkang
      (as applicable); and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably agree
      to authorize the 2022 Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder
      in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital with 100% equity interest, including the rights to vote in
      a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file documents with the relevant companies
      registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms
      of the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of Attorney
      will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
      and 100% effective shareholding interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.

(4)   2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the
      2022 Equity Pledge Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, the Jinyi Hongkang
      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment. Pursuant to the
      2022 Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders agree
      to pledge all of their respective equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang; and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang
      and Jinxin Medical Investment agree to pledge all of its equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin
      Xinan Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to secure performance of all their
      obligations and the obligations in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital under the 2022 Exclusive
      Option Agreements, the 2022 Powers of Attorney and the 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
      underlying the 2022 New Contractual Arrangements.




                                                       Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Report of Directors



                  (5)    2022 Spouse Undertakings
                         The spouses of each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders will sign an
                         undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                         Shareholders in Jinyi Hongkang (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within
                         the scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
                         interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.

           c.     Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements
                  The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Jiuzhou Hospital
                  and Hewanjia Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                  Hospital Contractual Arrangements:


             Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                  Hewanjia Hospital

                                                                    Independent Third                                                                Independent Third
                 Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                             Party                     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                            Party
                                              89.7959%                       10.2041%                                            89.7959%                     10.2041%
                               100%                                                                              100%

                               Kangzhi Hospital                                                                  Kangzhi Hospital
                                  Company                       Guangzhou Yunzhicai                                 Company                        Guangzhou Hejia
                                        35.70%                      34.30%                                                35.70%                     34.30%


                                             Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                  Hewanjia Hospital

                                       (2)                                                                               (2)

                                                      30%                                                                               30%
      Jinrun Fude Registered                                                            Jinrun Fude Registered
                                                 Jinrun Fude                                                                       Jinrun Fude
            Shareholders(1)     100%                                                          Shareholders(1)     100%




                                                                                               denotes direct legal and beneficiary
                                                                                               ownership in the equity interest

                                                                                               denotes contractual relationships under
                                                                                               the contractual arrangements

                                                                                               denotes the equity interests controlled
                                                                                               by the Group under the contractual
                                                                                               arrangements

                  Notes:

                  1)     The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
                         49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

                  2)     The Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operations Service Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                         Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney,
                         Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreement and Spouse Undertaking together form the
                         legal relationship under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements.

                  3)     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may hold the equity rights in Kangzhi Hospital Company directly and/or indirectly
                         through its subsidiaries or entities controlled by it.




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Report of Directors



A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
Hospital Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
please refer to the Company’s announcement dated July 13, 2022.

(1)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into an exclusive operation services agreement with the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements”), pursuant to which,
      Jiuzhou Hospital, Hewanjia Hospital and Jinrun Fude each agreed to engage Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other
      services in exchange for a service fee.

      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
      financing and investment; (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
      sharing and medical professionals training; (iii) human resources management; (iv) market
      research; (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory
      management; (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii)
      medical service quality control; (ix) internal management; and (x) other services relating to
      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by
      itself from the performance of these services. During the term of the Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may
      use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in accordance with the
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements.

      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 30.00% of the distributable net
      profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital of a given audited financial year,
      after deducting losses from the previous financial years (if any) and any statutory provident
      fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of
      pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of
      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements and
      provision of services. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the service fee in relation
      to 30% of the distributable net profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital is
      RMB927,000.




                                                      Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Report of Directors



                (2)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
                      entered into exclusive option agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      Exclusive Option Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
                      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude.

                      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
                      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
                      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
                      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part
                      of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinrun
                      Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
                      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
                      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its
                      designated person(s); (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
                      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
                      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
                      interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or through its
                      designated person(s); and (iv) each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital irrevocably
                      and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles
                      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then
                      applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      attributable to Jinrun Fude from Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital itself or through
                      its designated person(s). The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets
                      shall be the minimum purchase price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital will
                      undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration
                      received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

                (3)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
                      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
                      entered into the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility, Jinrun Fude and/or the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and the powers
                      of attorney executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude (the
                      “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney”) in favor of Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Attorney”).




78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Report of Directors



      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
      Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney, (i)
      the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
      exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable); and
      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and
      powers of a shareholder in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital with 30.00%
      equity interest, including the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file
      documents with the relevant companies registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary
      of the Company, the terms of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’
      Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of
      Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in each of the Target
      Hospitals and 96.50% effective shareholding interest in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital.

(4)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into the equity pledge agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Equity Pledge Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun
      Fude Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity interest in
      Jinrun Fude; and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees to pledge all of its equity interest in Jiuzhou
      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their
      obligations and the obligations in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital under
      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, the Jiuzhou
      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Spouse Undertaking
      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders has signed an
      undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the
      scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
      interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                      Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Report of Directors



     The Foreign Investment Law
     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外商投資法》) (the “FIL”), which was adopted at
     the Second Session of the Thirteenth National People’s Congress of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and came
     into force as of January 1, 2020, which has replaced the law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures (《中外
     合資經營企業法》), the law on Sino-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures (《中外合作經營企業法》) and the law
     on Foreign Capital Enterprises (《外資企業法》) to become the legal foundation for foreign Investment in the
     PRC. The FIL stipulates three forms of foreign investment, but does not explicitly stipulate the contractual
     arrangements as a form of foreign investment.

     Conducting operations through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based
     companies, and has been adopted by our Company in the form of the Contractual Arrangements, to
     establish control of our VIE Entities, through which we operate our business in the PRC. As advised by the
     PRC Legal Advisors, since the definition of “actual control” and “variable interest entities” are not explicitly
     provided in the FIL, nor does it explicitly stipulate that obtaining control over or holding interests in
     domestic enterprises through contractual arrangements is a form of foreign investment, if after the current
     FIL comes into effect, none of the laws, regulations, rules, normative documents or regulatory practice
     considers or interprets contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, then the possibility that
     the legal effectiveness of the Contractual Arrangements become materially adversely affected due to
     violation of the entry requirements under the FIL is relatively low.

     Notwithstanding the above, the FIL stipulates that foreign investment includes “Foreign Investors invest in
     China through many other methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the
     State Council”. There are possibilities that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed
     by the State Council may regard Contractual Arrangements as a form of foreign investment, at which time
     it will be uncertain whether the Contractual Arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign
     investment access requirements and how the above-mentioned Contractual Arrangements will be handled.
     Therefore, there is no guarantee that the Contractual Arrangements and the business of the VIE Entities
     will not be materially and adversely affected in the future due to changes in PRC laws and regulations. In
     the event that such measures are not complied with, the Stock Exchange may take enforcement actions
     against the Company which may have a material adverse effect on the trading of the Shares.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed
     and/or reproduced between the Group and Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and/or the VIE Entities during
     the Reporting Period. There was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the
     circumstances under which they were adopted during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that
     none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed. As
     at December 31, 2023, the Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any PRC
     governing bodies in operating its businesses through its VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.




80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Report of Directors



Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements
The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of ARS at its medical institutions in China. According
to the applicable Catalogue and relevant treaties between China and Hong Kong, medical institutions fall
within the “restricted” investment category, and therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments.
Foreign investments are also restricted to the form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint
venture, except for investments by qualified service providers as defined under Notice of Expanding the
Territorial Scope for Hong Kong and Macao Service Suppliers to Establish Wholly-Owned Hospitals in the
Mainland (關於擴大香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院地域範圍的通知), the Mainland and Hong Kong
Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement and its supplemental Agreements (內地與香港關於建立更緊密
經貿關係的安排及其補充協議), Interim Measures for the Administration of Hong Kong and Macao Service
Providers’ Establishment of Sole Proprietorship Hospitals in the Mainland (香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設
立獨資醫院管理暫行辦法), and Notice Concerning Establishment of Medical Institutions in the Mainland by
Hong Kong and Macao Service Providers (關於香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立醫療機構有關問題的通知).
Furthermore, as advised by the PRC Legal Advisors, the Company, as a foreign entity, shall not hold more
than 90.00%, 70.00% and 70.00% of the equity interests in any medical institution in Chengdu, Shenzhen
and Kunming, respectively, and not hold any equity interest in medical institutions offering Genetics
Molecular Services in the PRC (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”). As such, the Company, through
Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and Jinxin Medical Investment, currently holds 90.00%, 70.00%, 66.50% and nil
equity interests in (i) Chengdu Xinan Clinic, (ii) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital (iii) Jiuzhou Hospital and
Hewanjia Hospital and (iv) Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively. Jinrun Fude holds 10.00% equity
interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic, 29.90% in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and 30.00% equity interest
in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital. Ms. Qian Minhui holds the remaining 0.1% equity interests
in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. Jinyi Hongkang holds 100% equity interests in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
Hospital. For details, please refer to the section headed “Regulatory Overview — Relevant Regulations on
Foreign Investment in China” of the Prospectus.

Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements
There are the certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

•    If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory
     restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
     of existing regulations change in the future, the Group could be subject to severe penalties or be
     forced to relinquish the Group’s interests in those operations.

•    The Contractual Arrangements may result in adverse tax consequences to the Group.

•    The shareholders of the Company’s VIE Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with the
     Group, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition.

•    The PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies
     and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent the Company from using
     the proceeds of this offering to make loans to its PRC subsidiaries, or to make additional capital
     contributions to its PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                 Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   81
     Report of Directors



     •     If the Group exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of Jinrun Fude and/or Jinyi Hongkang,
           the ownership transfer may subject the Group to certain limitations and substantial costs.

     •     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as
           direct ownership. Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinyi
           Hongkang Registered Shareholders may fail to perform their obligations under the New Contractual
           Arrangements.

     For details, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure”
     of the Prospectus and the section headed “Risks Relating to the New Contractual Arrangements” in the
     Company’s announcement dated November 26, 2021.

     Compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the
     implementation and compliance of the Contractual Arrangements:

     (a)   major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements or
           any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if necessary, for
           review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (b)   the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
           at least once a year;

     (c)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
           Arrangements in its annual reports and interim reports to update the Shareholders and potential
           investors; and

     (d)   the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist
           the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the legal compliance of
           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, Jinxin Medical Investment, Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and the VIE Entities to
           deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

     Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the Contractual
     Arrangements
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, a non-executive Director and Ms. Lyu Rong, an executive Director, are connected
     persons of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
     contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of the
     Company under the Listing Rules.




82   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Report of Directors



In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Contractual
Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap
for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules and (iii)
the requirement of limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule
14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to
the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

(c)   The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the economic benefits
      derived from the VIE Entities;

(d)   The Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduce (i) upon expiry or (ii) in relation to
      any existing, newly established or acquired wholly foreign-owned enterprise or operating company
      (including a branch company), engaging in the same business as that of the Group, without
      obtaining Shareholders’ approval, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Contractual
      Arrangements; and

(e)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

As long as the Contractual Arrangements subsist, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang will be treated
as our subsidiary and the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of Jinrun Fude and
Jinyi Hongkang and their respective associates will be treated as connected persons of our Company
(excluding for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), and transactions between these connected
persons and the Group (including for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), other than those
under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditor
The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the overall
performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements, confirmed that:

(a)   the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance with
      the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

(b)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the VIE Entities to the holders of its equity
      interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group;

(c)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang to
      the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
      Group; and




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   83
     Report of Directors



     (d)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the VIE Entities
           during the Reporting Period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far the
           Group is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     Further, each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang has undertaken that, for so long as the Shares are listed
     on the Stock Exchange, they will provide the Group’s management and the Company’s auditor full access
     to its relevant records for the purpose of their review of the continuing connected transactions under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     2.    MSA and Ancillary Arrangements
           On January 22, 2019, HRC Management entered into the MSA together with the Ancillary Agreements
           (as defined below) with HRC Medical, pursuant to which HRC Medical engages HRC Management as
           its provider of certain management services, including but without limitation, office space, equipment,
           personnel, book-keeping, accounting services, information technology and network services, records
           maintenance, billing and collection activities and other non-medical services necessary to operate
           the medical practice of HRC Medical. The MSA has been effective from January 1, 2019 for an initial
           term of 20 years, and such term shall be automatically extended for one additional year upon each
           anniversary, until and unless the MSA is terminated in accordance with its terms.

           Apart from the MSA, HRC Management and HRC Medical entered into a consulting agreement on
           January 22, 2019 with three Physician Shareholders (the “Consulting Agreement”) pursuant to
           which HRC Management will appoint such Physician Shareholders to assist HRC Management with
           physician management activities for an initial term of two years and will be automatically renewed
           upon its expiry subject to negotiation among the parties, and that such Physician Shareholders will
           each provide to HRC Management strategic advice regarding the operations, staffing, budget and
           capital improvement planning for HRC Management. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the
           service fee payable by HRC Medical under the MSA and the consulting fee payable to the Physician
           Shareholders under the Consulting Agreement is US$57,858,000 and US$1,000 per Physician
           Shareholders, respectively.

           HRC Management also entered into an amended and restated succession and indemnification
           agreements with each Physician Shareholder dated January 22, 2019 (the “Succession and
           Indemnification Agreement”, together with the MSA and Consulting Agreement, the “MSA and
           Ancillary Agreements”). Under each Succession and Indemnification Agreement, the Physician
           Shareholder may be required to transfer his or her share of common stock of HRC Medical upon
           the occurrence of a succession event stated below to maintain an orderly transition of ownership
           and management. For details, please refer to the section headed “Business — Our Management
           Agreements — Management Services Agreement” of the Prospectus.

     Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the MSA and
     Ancillary Agreements
     HRC Medical is jointly-owned by Dr. Bradford A. Kolb (33.3%), Dr. Robert Boostanfar (33.3%) and Dr.
     John G. Wilcox (33.3%). Pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, HRC Medical is an associate
     of the Physician Shareholders, which are the substantial shareholders of the Company and thereby a
     connected person of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the MSA and Ancillary
     Agreements constitutes continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.




84   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Report of Directors



In consideration of the importance of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements to the Company’s business and
operations and the significant revenue contribution to the Group, the Directors (including the independent
non-executive Directors) are of the view that the MSA and Ancillary Agreements and the transactions
contemplated thereunder (including the term thereof) are fundamental to the legal structure and business
of the Group which allow us to enjoy the economic benefits derived from HRC Medical, while preventing
possible leakages of assets and values of HRC Medical on an uninterrupted basis, and that such
transactions have been, and will be, entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Company
and its Shareholders as a whole.

In respect of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the MSA and
Ancillary Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an
annual cap for the transactions under the MSA and Ancillary Agreements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
Rules; and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements to three years or
less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange
subject however to the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change or waiver of management service fee without the independent
      non-executive Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change to the MSA and Ancillary Agreements without the independent
      Shareholders’ approval;

(c)   The Company shall comply with the requirements under Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of the
      Listing Rules if it makes any principal advances to HRC Medical pursuant to the MSA and Ancillary
      Agreements;

(d)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall continue to enable the Group to receive a substantial portion
      of the economic benefits derived by HRC Medical through the business structure under which a fixed
      percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be paid to the Group as management service
      fees, subject to review by the Company and HRC Medical on an annual basis to ensure that the total
      compensation paid to HRC Management shall be commensurate with the fair market value for the
      services rendered;

(e)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall automatically be extended one additional year upon
      each anniversary in accordance with the terms thereof until and unless the MSA is terminated in
      accordance with its terms, subject to compliance with California law and federal law of the United
      States; and

(f)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the MSA and Ancillary Agreements on an ongoing basis.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   85
     Report of Directors



     Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditors
     The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the MSA and
     Ancillary Agreements, confirmed that:

     (a)   The transactions carried out during the year ended December 31, 2023 have been entered into
           in accordance with the relevant provisions of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements, and have been
           operated in a manner so that a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be
           payable to HRC Management as management service fee, subject to review by the Company and
           HRC Medical and approval by the independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis, plus a
           discretionary bonus incentive;

     (b)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2023 were carried on in
           the ordinary course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and
           reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; and

     (c)   The management fee received by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 had been duly
           reviewed and approved by the Board (including the independent non-executive Directors).

     Annual Review and Confirmation by the Auditor of the Company
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
     connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
     (Revised), “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
     and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
     the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu has issued its unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of
     the continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31, 2023 in accordance with Rule
     14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided to the Board of Directors.

     Non-exempt One-off Connected Transaction
     Grant of Restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme to connected
     persons
     On January 18, 2023, the Board has approved, subject to acceptance of the grantees and other
     conditions, the grant of 65,853,241 Restricted Shares in aggregate to the Grantees under the 2022
     Restricted Share Award Scheme, of which (i) 29,060,994 Restricted Shares are granted to 159 employees
     of the Company (who, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all
     reasonable enquiries, are not connected persons of the Company); and (ii) 36,792,247 Restricted Shares
     are proposed to be granted to 5 Directors and 10 Subsidiary Directors (who are connected persons of
     the Company). For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
     January 19, 2023.




86   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Report of Directors



Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions as disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated
financial statements do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, and except the continuing connected transactions and connected
transaction that were granted full exemptions on the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
by the Stock Exchange, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
which are required to be disclosed by the Company during the Reporting Period in accordance with the
provisions concerning the disclosure of connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
In respect of the connected transaction and the continuing connected transactions entered into by the
Company during the year of 2023, the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (as amended from time to time).

DONATIONS
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group made charitable donations of approximately
RMB30,000.

SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration
of material importance and no litigation or claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be
pending or threatening against the Company.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles of Association, every Director or other officers of the Company acting in relation to any
of the affairs of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which he or she may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his or her duties
in his or her office; be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company; provided that
this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors
and officers.

POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material post
balance sheet events.

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company had, together with the management and the
auditor of the Company, reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information
on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance
Report on pages 89 to 105 of this annual report.


                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   87
     Report of Directors



     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at
     least 25% of the total issued Shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by
     the Stock Exchange and permitted under the Listing Rules, was held by the public at all times during the
     Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report.

     AUDITOR
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended December 31,
     2023. The accompanying financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs have been audited by
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

     There was no change in the auditor of the Company since the Listing Date.

     On behalf of the Board




     Zhong Yong
     Chairman and Executive Director

     Hong Kong, March 27, 2024




88   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2023.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests
of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the
CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The
Company has complied with all applicable code provisions and principles under the CG Code during the
year ended December 31, 2023 to enable the Shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate
governance have been applied.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.

THE BOARD
Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic
decisions and monitoring business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and
responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the
Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board
committees including the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
Nomination Committee, the Strategic Decisions Committee and the Medical Quality Control and R&D
Committee (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees
responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and
advice from the senior management of the Group. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties
to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly
reviews the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors.
The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   89
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Composition
     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises following
     Directors:

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
     Dr. John G. Wilcox
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Geng Lihong

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Fang Min
     Ms. Hu Zhe
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung
     Mr. Li Jianwei
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo
     Mr. Ye Changqing

     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
     of this annual report.

     Save as disclosed in the Directors’ biographies set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report, none of the Directors have any personal relationship (including
     financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director and chief
     executive.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board has at all times met the requirements under
     Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent
     non-executive directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate
     professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing
     Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of
     the Board.

     As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule
     3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent parties.

     As part of our corporate governance practice to provide transparency to the investor community and in
     compliance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code, independent non-executive Directors are identified as
     such in all corporate communications containing the names of the Directors. In addition, an updated list of
     Directors identifying the independent non-executive Directors and the roles and functions of the directors
     is maintained on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.


90   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Board Independence
During the Reporting Period, the Company has in place various measures and mechanisms underpinning
a strong independent Board and that independent views and input are conveyed to the Board. The
measures and mechanisms are kept under annual review to ensure their effectiveness and to uphold
good corporate governance. The Board reviewed and considered that such mechanisms were properly
implemented during 2023 and were effective, they are as follows:

•    Board and Committees’ structure. The Company has been steered by a Board, comprising a
     majority of non-executive Directors. The Board comprises 12 members, with a majority of non-
     executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors. There are 5 executive Directors,
     including the Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, the Chief Executive
     Officer is the only executive Director on the Board, and all the remaining 7 Directors are non-
     executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors. Separation of the role of the Chairman
     and the Chief Executive Officer ensures that there is a balance of power and authority. Members of all
     governance related committees are non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors.

•    Appointment of Directors. In assessing suitability of the candidates, the Nomination Committee
     will review their character and integrity; qualifications including professional experience, skills and
     knowledge; diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background; having regard to the Board’s composition, the selection criteria approved by the Board,
     the nomination policy and the board diversity policy.

•    Annual review of Directors’ commitment and independence. The Nomination Committee reviews
     annually each Director’s time commitment to the Group’s business. Each independent non-executive
     Director is required to inform the Stock Exchange as soon as practicable if there is any change in his
     or her personal particulars that may affect his or her independence. No such notification was received
     during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company has received written annual confirmation
     from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in
     accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
     is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

•    Conflict management. A Director who has a material interest in any transaction, contract or
     arrangement shall not vote (nor shall be counted in the quorum) on any Board resolution approving
     the same.

•    Professional advice. To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors have full and timely
     access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional
     advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expenses.

•    Board evaluation. The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed during
     the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance the
effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve diversity
of the Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board,
including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education
background, ethnicity and length of service.




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   91
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic
     development, business development, sales, research and development, medical research, investment
     management, finance, risk management, science, medical and the ARS industry. They obtained degrees
     in various areas including economics, business administration, medicine, law, bioengineering, international
     finance, management, computer science, literature and journalism. The age of the Directors range from 37
     years old to 61 years old.

     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
     business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit and Risk Management
     Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

     As at December 31, 2023, the Board was comprised of four female Directors and eight male Directors. The
     Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient. The Company
     will continue to devote efforts in integrating the principle of gender diversity into its recruitment processes
     and maintaining at least one-third of the Group’s management roles be held by women, with a view to
     create a promising career path for the Group’s outstanding female management personnel and to nurture
     potential female successors to the Board in the future.

     As at December 31, 2023, we had a total of 3,273 employees and the share of female employees
     (including senior management) and male employees at the Group is 83.3% and 16.7%, respectively.
     Accordingly, the Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce in a
     satisfactory manner.

     The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the
     Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Nomination Policy
     The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out an approach to guide the Nomination
     Committee in relation to the selection, appointment and re-appointment of the Directors and ensures that
     the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
     the requirements of the Company’s business. The nomination policy sets out the criteria for the selection
     of a candidate, including but not limited to skills, qualifications and experiences, independence from the
     Company and its subsidiaries, reputation and integrity.

     The nomination policy also sets out criteria for the evaluation and recommendation to the Board on the
     re-appointment of retiring Director(s), the position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors, and
     the process and procedures for the nomination of Directors. After receiving recommendations regarding
     the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors, the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due diligence. Upon review
     by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the Company will convene a Board meeting where
     recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and approved
     by the Board, the proposed retiring directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

     The Nomination Committee will review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.




92   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



Induction and Continuous Professional Development
Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction information to ensure that he/she has
a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities
under relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to
provide Directors with updates on the latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other
relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular
updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each
Director to discharge their duties.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh
their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and
provided written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a Director.

According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors
during the year ended December 31, 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                   Nature of Continuous Professional
Name of Directors                                                                          Development Programme(1)


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                                                  A&B
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                                         A&B
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                                    A&B
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                                                                  A&B
Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                                                            A&B

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min                                                                                                               A&B
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                                 A&B
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                                                           A&B

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                                        A&B
Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                                                             A&B
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                                            A&B
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                                           A&B

Note:

(1)     Nature of Continuous Professional Development Programme:

        A:   Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers

        B:   Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, listing rules and other
             relevant ordinances




                                                                           Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   93
     Corporate Governance Report



     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
     separate and performed by different individuals.

     During the Reporting Period, the Chairman of the Board was Mr. Zhong Yong and the offices of the chief
     executive officers were separately co-held by Mr. Dong Yang and Ms. Lyu Rong with clear distinction in
     responsibilities with the Chairman. The Chairman of the Board is responsible for providing strategic advice
     and guidance on the business development of the Group, while the chief executive officers of the Group
     are responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
     date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
     case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company. The appointments of the
     executive Directors are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles
     of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

     Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
     appointment letter with the Company for a term of one year with effect from their respective date of
     appointment. The appointments of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are
     subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association and the
     applicable Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
     without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
     Articles of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition
     and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession
     planning for Directors.

     Board Meetings
     The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
     approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board
     meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a
     regular meeting.

     For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
     accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
     days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
     prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
     they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known
     to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries with
     copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.




94   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                   Corporate Governance Report



Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the
matters considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are
sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.
Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

During the Reporting Period, four Board meetings and two general meetings were held, the attendance of
each Director at the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out in the table below:

                                                               Attended/Eligible        Attended/Eligible
                                                                   to attend the            to attend the
Directors                                                      Board meeting(s)          general meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                        4/4                      2/2
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                               4/4                      2/2
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                          4/4                      2/2
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                        4/4                      2/2
Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                  4/4                      2/2

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min                                                                     4/4                      2/2
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                       4/4                      2/2
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                 4/4                      2/2

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                              4/4                      2/2
Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                   4/4                      2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                  4/4                      2/2
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                 4/4                      2/2

Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model
Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the
Company, are subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
employees was noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                            Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   95
     Corporate Governance Report



     Delegation by the Board
     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring of
     all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material
     transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment
     of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could request to seek
     independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged
     to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.

     The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior
     management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.
     Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the
     management.

     Corporate Governance Function
     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors
     which includes but not limited to the following:

     1.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
          requirements;

     2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
          management;

     3.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
          and Directors;

     4.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
          recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters;

     5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
          report; and

     6.   to review and monitor the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy.

     BOARD COMMITTEES
     Audit and Risk Management Committee
     During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprises five members and
     is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two
     independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive
     Directors, Mr. Fang Min and Ms. Hu Zhe.




96   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The principal duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include the following:

1.   reviewing the relationship with the Company’s auditor by reference to the work performed by them,
     their remuneration and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment, re-appointment and removal of the Company’s auditor;

2.   reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised
     by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance
     officer or the Company’s auditor before submission to the Board; and

3.   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, risk management and
     internal control systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
     qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and
     financial reporting function.

The written terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are available on the websites
of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, two meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
were held to discuss and consider the following matters:

•    reviewed annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2023;

•    reviewed interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30, 2023;
     and

•    reviewed the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the
     adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
     Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function), risk management systems and
     processes and the re-appointment of the Company’s auditor, with respect to which the Board had
     not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the
     selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the Company’s auditor.

Attendance of each Audit and Risk Management Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                    Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                                                                               2/2
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                       2/2
Mr. Fang Min                                                                                              2/2
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                           2/2




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   97
     Corporate Governance Report



     Nomination Committee
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprises five members and is chaired by an
     executive Director, Mr. Zhong Yong, and consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong
     Yat Keung, Mr. Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, and an executive Director, Dr. John G. Wilcox.

     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

     1.   reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
          the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
          complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

     2.   identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and senior management and selecting or
          making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships or
          senior management positions;

     3.   assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

     4.   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

     5.   developing criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for
          directorship, including but not limited the balance of skills, knowledge and board experience, and in
          the light of this evaluation preparing a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
          appointment; and

     6.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
          rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

     The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience,
     skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations
     of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

     The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company.

     During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to discuss and consider
     the following matter:

     •    considered the globalized recruitment and training mechanism of the Group;

     •    confirmed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

     •    considered the nomination of Directors for election at the AGM.




98   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



Attendance of each Nomination Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                   Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                                1/1
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                      1/1
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                       1/1
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                          1/1
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                         1/1

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises five members and is chaired by an independent non-executive
Director, Dr. Chong Yat Keung, and consists of another two independent non-executive Directors, Mr.
Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, one executive Director, Mr. Dong Yang and one non-executive
Director, Mr. Fang Min.

The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

1.   making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
     senior management’s remuneration;

2.   reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
     corporate goals and objectives;

3.   either (i) determining, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
     executive Directors and senior management; or (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management;

4.   making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

5.   considering salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
     employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

6.   reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules;
     and

7.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
     rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   99
      Corporate Governance Report



      During the year ended December 31, 2023, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held to
      discuss and consider the following matter:

      •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the grant of Restricted Shares to
           the Group’s executive management pursuant to the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme as part of
           remuneration package; and

      •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors
           and senior management of the Company for the year 2024.

      In particular, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that the grant of the Restricted Shares to the
      Group’s executive management is in line with the Company’s remuneration policy, as they serve as
      discretionary bonus and form part of the remuneration package of the grantees in recognition of their
      invaluable and substantial contributions to the Group. The number of the Restricted Shares being
      granted to the grantees is derived based on the commercial assessment of the Board having taken
      into account a number of factors, including, without limitation, their roles and responsibilities, seniority,
      expertise, experience, historical and expected contributions to the Group as well as the overall business
      development and strategies of the Group and its relevant hospitals.

      Attendance of each Remuneration Committee member is set out in the table below:

      Directors                                                                     Attended/Eligible to attend


      Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                                                                          2/2
      Mr. Dong Yang                                                                                           2/2
      Mr. Fang Min                                                                                            2/2
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                         2/2
      Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                        2/2

      Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
      Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the senior management of the Company (other than
      the Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2023, are set out below:

      Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                              Number of persons


      5,000,001–10,000,000                                                                                      2
      1,000,001–5,000,000                                                                                       1
      0–1,000,000                                                                                               –


      Total                                                                                                     3

      The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
      Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
      Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
      to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
      contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
      allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
      remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
      non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their



100   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

For additional information on the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2023, please
refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2023 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
Group’s results and cash flows.

The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the
Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s
performance, positions and prospects.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the Company’s auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated
financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 106 to 110 of
this annual report.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal
control system to safeguard shareholder investments and the Company’s assets and reviewing the
effectiveness of such system on an annual basis. The risk management and internal control systems are
designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only
provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

•    well-defined organizational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority,
     reporting lines and responsibilities to minimize risk of errors and abuse;

•    clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major
     functions and operations;

•    adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such
     as company code of conduct, anti-corruption and whistleblowing, policies of protection of intellectual
     property, environmental protection, legal and compliance, pharmacovigilance, product quality and
     safety, and occupational health and safety, etc;

•    a sound risk management procedure, requiring all relevant departments to accurately identify,
     carefully assess, dynamically monitor and timely respond to risks within the scope of their duties, and
     perform their responsibility of risk control;




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   101
      Corporate Governance Report



      •    important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained
           staff;

      •    continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date
           business and financial reporting, and taking immediate corrective actions where necessary; and

      •    internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

      The Group’s internal audit department plays a major role in monitoring the internal governance of the
      Company. The major tasks of the internal audit department are reviewing the financial condition and
      internal control of the Company and conducting comprehensive audits of all branches and subsidiaries
      of the Company on a regular basis. The review covers all material controls including financial,
      operational, compliance controls and risk management. Apart from regular reporting, any urgent matters
      in relation to the relevant areas of internal control will be reported in a timely manner. Review results
      and recommendations in the form of written reports are submitted to the Audit and Risk Management
      Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the internal audit department to
      ensure that material weaknesses previously identified have been properly resolved.

      The Group has established rules regulating information disclosures which stipulates the handling and
      disclosure procedures of inside information. The Group uses annual reports, interim reports, and results
      announcements and other announcements as required by the Listing Rules to disclose information to
      investors and the public to ensure timely disclosure of information in accordance with the Listing Rules and
      SFO. The Group strictly prohibits unauthorized use or dissemination of confidential or inside information.

      During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk
      management and internal control systems of the Group and considered the risk management and
      internal control systems to be effective and adequate. The Board also believes that the Company has
      sufficient resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programme and budget of accounting,
      internal audit and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the ESG performance and
      reporting. The Group continuously reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
      systems, and adopted measures and procedures in various aspects, such as fund management, budget
      management, and market activities, to strengthen the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
      control systems.

      During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the internal control
      system of the Group and considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate.

      AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
      The remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor to the Group for
      the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately as follows:

      Type of Services                                                                                  Amount
                                                                                                         (RMB)


      Audit services                                                                                  4,300,000
      Non-audit services                                                                              2,679,000

      Total                                                                                           6,979,000




102   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint company secretary of the Company, is responsible for advising the Board
on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board policies and procedures, as well as the
applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also engaged Ms. Ng Sau Mei, the director and head of the
Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited (a company secretarial service provider), as the
other joint company secretary to assist Ms. Zhai Yangyang to discharge her duties as company secretary
of the Company. Her primary corporate contact person at the Company was Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint
company secretary of the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, each of Ms. Zhai Yangyang and Ms. Ng Sau Mei has
undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers effective communication with the Shareholders to be essential for enhancing
investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable
Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

The AGM provides opportunity for the Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
Chairman and the chairmen of the Board Committees of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer
Shareholders’ questions. The Company’s auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about
the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and
auditor independence.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website of the Company at
www.jxr-fertility.com, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and
developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available
for public access.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
Shareholders’ communication policy, including the multiple communication channels for Shareholders
in place and the steps taken to handle Shareholders’ enquiries, and considered that the Shareholders’
communication policy has been properly implemented and effective.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   103
      Corporate Governance Report



      DIVIDEND POLICY
      The Company adopted a dividend policy that sets out the principles and guidelines that the Company
      intends to apply in relation to the declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision F.1.1 of
      the CG Code that became effective starting from June 25, 2019.

      Subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Articles of Association, the Board has absolute
      discretion on whether to distribute dividends in any form but no dividend shall exceed the amount
      recommended by the Board. The dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on the Company’s
      financial and cash flow position. It will continue to be reviewed by the Board from time to time and there
      can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

      As of December 31, 2023, no arrangement was reached pursuant to which the Shareholders waived or
      agreed to waive their dividends.


      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
      To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at
      general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

      All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll
      results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after
      each general meeting.

      Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
      Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company according
      to the Articles of Association. Any one or more members holding as of date of deposit of the requisition not
      less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings
      of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or any one of the
      joint company secretaries of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company
      to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
      meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
      deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may
      convene a physical meeting at only one location as specified in the meeting notice, and all reasonable
      expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
      requisitionist(s) by the Company.

      As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of
      the Company.

      Enquiries to the Board
      Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries or requisitions about the Company to the Board
      could send their enquiries to the headquarters of the Company at No. 301, North Jingsha Road, Jinjiang
      District, Chengdu, Sichuan, China (email address: pr@jxr-fertility.com).




104   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
On June 28, 2023, the Company adopted the Articles of Association in substitution for the then existing
amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of association of the Company. The
proposed amendments to the then existing amended and restated memorandum of association and
articles of association of the Company were set out in the circular to the Shareholders dated April 28, 2023
and has been approved by the Shareholders by way of special resolution at the AGM held on June 28,
2023.

The Board further proposes to amend the Articles of Association in order to conform to the expansion of
paperless listing regime and electronic dissemination of corporate communications that came into effect
on December 31, 2023 and make some other housekeeping amendments. The proposed amendments will
be proposed to the Shareholders for approval as a special resolution at the forthcoming AGM.




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   105
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
      錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”)
      and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 111 to 241, which comprise
      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
      consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
      statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
      the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code
      of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
      in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      KEY AUDIT MATTER
      Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of
      the consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
      not provide a separate opinion on the matter.




106   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)
Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility Management, LLC

We identified the impairment of goodwill and           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
intangible assets, representing contractual right      goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility
to provide management services and trademarks,         Management, LLC included:
arising from the acquisition of HRC Fertility
Management, LLC and its subsidiary, as a key           •   Understanding the Group’s process relating
audit matter due to the significant management             to the preparation of cash flow forecasts and
judgements involved in the impairment assessment           impairment assessment;
and their significance to the consolidated financial
statements as a whole.                                 •   Obtaining an understanding of the method
                                                           used to establish the impairment assessment
Determining whether goodwill and these intangible          model for the relevant CGU with the
assets are impaired requires management’s                  independent valuer appointed by the Group
estimation when preparing the value-in-use of the          and evaluating the valuer’s competence,
relevant cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which it          capabilities and objectivity;
has been allocated. The Group’s management,
with the support of an independent valuer,             •   Leveraging internal valuation expert to
establishes the impairment assessment model and            assess the appropriateness of the impairment
prepares a value-in-use calculation to estimate the        assessment model and the discount rate
future cash flows which is discounted in its present       adopted by benchmarking the discount rate
value taking into account key assumptions,                 against market data of comparable entities;
including growth rates of revenue, gross margin
rate and pre-tax discount rate.                        •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
                                                           assumptions, by comparing the growth rates
The carrying amount of goodwill, contractual               of revenue with market data and economic
right to provide management services and                   growth trends and comparing the gross
trademarks were approximately RMB622,697,000,              margin rate of the relevant CGU with the
RMB1,996,613,000 and RMB1,108,410,000,                     Group’s historical performance and business
respectively, as at 31 December 2023 and no                expansion plans; and
impairment loss was recognised for the year.
Details of the impairment testing are disclosed in     •   Evaluating the reliability of cash flow
Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.          forecasts prepared by the management by
                                                           comparing the historical forecast with the
                                                           actual performance in the current year.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   107
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other
      information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated
      financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
      GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
      of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
      error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
      using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
      cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




108   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this annual report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
     to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
     solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   109
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
      and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
      control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
      ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
      to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
      were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
      a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan, Benjie Pak Kin.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      27 March 2024




110   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                NOTES              2023                   2022
                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


Revenue                                                           5            2,788,910              2,364,479
Cost of revenue                                                               (1,613,465)            (1,490,160)


Gross profit                                                                   1,175,445                 874,319
Other income                                                      6               77,198                  50,152
Other expenses                                                    7              (31,439)                 (8,110)
Other gains and losses, net                                       8               12,728                 (58,052)
Research and development expenses                                                (21,746)                (17,474)
Selling and distribution expenses                                               (191,856)               (151,435)
Administrative expenses                                                         (481,369)               (458,853)
Share of results of associates                                                     5,109                  (4,414)
Share of result of a joint venture                                                  (161)                     44
Finance costs                                                     9              (79,641)                (71,853)


Profit before taxation                                           10              464,268                 154,324
Income tax expenses                                              11             (117,285)                (36,375)


Profit for the year                                                              346,983                 117,949


Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference on translation from functional
     currency to presentation currency                                           159,234                 899,187
   Fair value gain on equity instrument at fair value through
     other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                                –                1,930
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                    (104,209)               (571,468)


Other comprehensive income for the year                                              55,025              329,649


Total comprehensive income for the year                                          402,008                 447,598


Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                        344,723                 121,124
  – Non-controlling interests                                                      2,260                  (3,175)


                                                                                 346,983                 117,949




                                                                Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   111
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                            NOTES      2023      2022
                                                                    RMB’000   RMB’000


      Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year
        attributable to:
        – Owners of the Company                                     399,266   447,949
        – Non-controlling interests                                   2,742      (351)


                                                                    402,008   447,598


      Earnings per share:                                    14
        – Basic (RMB)                                                  0.13      0.05


        – Diluted (RMB)                                                0.12      0.05




112   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         At 31 December 2023




                                                            NOTES              2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                15            2,595,241             2,529,756
Right-of-use assets                                          16              528,204               565,425
Goodwill                                                     17            3,495,983             3,484,725
Licenses                                                     18            1,531,148             1,576,176
Non-compete agreement                                        19               19,174                20,312
Contractual right to provide management services             20            1,996,613             1,963,321
Trademarks                                                   21            2,664,197             2,644,863
Investments in preferred shares measured at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                           23a               7,052                105,743
Interests in associates accounted for using equity method    23b             159,431                      –
Financial assets at FVTPL                                     24              80,000                      –
Interest in a joint venture                                   25              25,093                 25,254
Loan receivable                                               27              28,431                  6,699
Refundable deposits                                                           65,620                 58,912
Prepayments                                                   27             184,595                203,506
Amounts due from related parties                              28              28,368                      –
Deferred tax assets                                           35             121,068                 88,516
Life insurance policy                                         29              23,511                 22,452
Amounts due from an associate                                23b                   –                 32,503


                                                                          13,553,729            13,328,163


Current assets
Inventories                                                  26               62,428                62,545
Accounts and other receivables                               27              169,370               188,680
Amounts due from related parties                             28              213,687               211,338
Tax recoverable                                                               44,063                40,063
Time deposits                                                30               87,051                13,399
Other financial assets at FVTPL                              31              141,569                71,300
Bank balances and cash                                       32              624,280             1,316,549


                                                                           1,342,448             1,903,874




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   113
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2023




                                                                NOTES              2023               2022
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


      Current liabilities
      Accounts and other payables                                 33             805,083            916,929
      Amounts due to related parties                              28              12,264             47,528
      Lease liabilities                                           34              72,199             63,256
      Tax payables                                                                52,483             81,581
      Bank borrowing                                              36             747,804             18,618
      Convertible bonds                                           37                   –          1,636,059


                                                                                1,689,833         2,763,971


      Net current liabilities                                                    (347,385)         (860,097)


      Total assets less current liabilities                                   13,206,344         12,468,066


      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                           34              349,726           375,986
      Deferred tax liabilities                                    35            1,210,705         1,186,363
      Bank borrowing                                              36            1,379,664         2,070,678
      Loan payables                                               33               79,437            99,911


                                                                                3,019,532         3,732,938


      Net assets                                                              10,186,812          8,735,128


      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                               38                 180                166
      Reserves                                                                10,091,243          8,639,577


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            10,091,423          8,639,743
      Non-controlling interests                                                   95,389             95,385


      Total equity                                                            10,186,812          8,735,128


      The consolidated financial statements on pages 111 to 241 were approved and authorised for issue by the
      board of directors on 27 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                              Zhong Yong                                      Dong Yang
                               DIRECTOR                                       DIRECTOR



114   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                              Shares                                            Equity-
                                                                             held for                                           settled      Equity
                                                                           restricted                                            share- instrument
                                                                               share                                             based    at FVTOCI                                  Non-
                                                      Share       Share        award      Capital Translation    Statutory    payment revaluation      Retained                controlling
                                                     capital   premium       scheme      reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve      reserve      profits   Sub-total     interests       Total
                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                           (Note 40b)    (Note a)                 (Note b)


At January 1, 2022                                      165    7,890,915          (2)    (83,175)   (454,365)       13,995      80,388       (3,891)   1,101,270   8,545,300      207,401    8,752,701


Profit (loss) for the year                                –            –            –          –            –            –            –           –     121,124     121,124        (3,175)    117,949
Other comprehensive income for the year                   –            –            –          –     324,895             –            –       1,930            –    326,825         2,824     329,649


Total comprehensive income (expense)
  for the year                                            –            –            –          –      324,895            –            –       1,930     121,124     447,949          (351)    447,598


Share cancelled (Note 38)                                  *           *            –          –            –            –            –           –            –           –            –            –
Issue of shares (Note 38)                                 1      83,771             –          –            –            –            –           –            –     83,772             –      83,772
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares         –        (809)            –          –            –            –            –           –            –       (809)            –        (809)
Dividends recognised as distribution (Note 13)            –    (150,000)            –          –            –            –            –           –            –   (150,000)            –    (150,000)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
  payment (Note 40(b))                                    –            –            –           –           –            –      33,024            –            –     33,024             –      33,024
Vesting of restricted shares (Note 40)                    –      54,234            2            –           –            –     (54,236)           –            –           –            –            –
Acquisitions of a subsidiary (Note 39)                    –            –            –           –           –            –            –           –            –           –       19,455      19,455
Capital injection from non-controlling interest
  of a subsidiary                                         –            –            –          –            –            –            –           –            –           –        1,470       1,470
Acquisition of non-controlling interests (Note a)         –            –            –   (319,493)           –            –            –           –            –   (319,493)    (101,647)    (421,140)
Dividends to non-controlling interests (Note c)           –            –            –           –           –            –            –           –            –           –      (30,943)    (30,943)
Disposal of an equity instrument at FVTOCI                –            –            –           –           –            –            –       1,961      (1,961)           –            –            –
Transfer to reserve (Note b)                              –            –            –           –           –     101,348             –           –    (101,348)           –            –            –


At December 31, 2022                                    166    7,878,111            *   (402,668)   (129,470)     115,343       59,176            –    1,119,085   8,639,743       95,385    8,735,128




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023                  Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                  115
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                    Shares                                            Equity-
                                                                                   held for                                           settled      Equity
                                                                                 restricted                                            share- instrument
                                                                                     share                                             based    at FVTOCI                                  Non-
                                                            Share       Share        award      Capital Translation    Statutory    payment revaluation     Retained                 controlling
                                                           capital   premium       scheme      reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve      reserve     profits    Sub-total     interests        Total
                                                          RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                 (Note 40b)   (Note a)                  (Note b)


      At January 1, 2023                                      166    7,878,111            *   (402,668)   (129,470)     115,343       59,176            –   1,119,085    8,639,743       95,385     8,735,128


      Profit for the year                                       –           –            –           –            –            –           –            –    344,723      344,723         2,260      346,983
      Other comprehensive income for the year                   –           –            –           –       54,543            –           –            –          –       54,543           482       55,025


      Total comprehensive income for the year                   –           –            –           –       54,543            –           –            –    344,723      399,266         2,742      402,008


      Issue of shares (Note 38)                                12     999,574            –           –            –            –           –            –          –      999,586             –      999,586
      Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares         –        (602)           –           –            –            –           –            –          –         (602)            –         (602)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
          payment (Note 40(b))                                  –           –            –           –            –            –      53,430            –          –       53,430             –       53,430


      Vesting of restricted shares (Note 40)                    –      27,014             *          –            –            –     (27,014)           –          –            –             –            –
      Issue of shares for Restricted Share Award
          Scheme (as defined and detailed
          in Note 40(b))                                        2           –           (2)          –            –            –           –            –          –            –             –            –
      Dividends to non-controlling interests (Note c)           –           –            –           –            –            –           –            –          –            –        (2,738)      (2,738)
      Transfer to reserve (Note b)                              –           –            –           –            –       15,466           –            –    (15,466)           –             –            –


      At December 31, 2023                                    180    8,904,097          (2)   (402,668)    (74,927)     130,809       85,592            –   1,448,342   10,091,423       95,389    10,186,812


      *           The amount is less than RMB1,000.




116   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                         Annual Report 2023
                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023



Notes:

(a)   The change of capital reserve during the year ended 31 December 2022 is mainly comprised of RMB319,493,000
      debit reserve arising from the further acquisition of 15% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics &
      Gynecology Hospital (“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”, previously known as Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital)
      of RMB86,873,000 at cash consideration of RMB288,683,000 on 12 April 2022 and 5.46% equity interests in Shenzhen
      Zhongshan Hospital of RMB14,774,000 at cash consideration of RMB132,457,000 on 25 August 2022, by virtue of
      contractual arrangement of Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited (“Jinrun Fude”), a subsidiary
      of the Group. Upon completion, the Company indirectly holds 70% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and
      controls 29.9% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital by virtue of contractual arrangements.

(b)   Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”). According to the
      relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
      their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
      until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
      distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
      non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

(c)   During the year ended 31 December 2023, Jinxin Women Wellness Limited declared dividends amounted to
      RMB2,738,000 to the non-controlling shareholders (2022: Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Chengdu Jinxin Chankang
      Health Management Consulting Co., Ltd and Jinxin Women Wellness Limited declared dividends amounted to
      RMB20,439,000, RMB284,000 and RMB10,220,000 to the non-controlling shareholders, respectively).




                                                                         Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    117
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                  NOTES      2023        2022
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000


      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                              464,268     154,324
      Adjustments for:
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     155,062     150,422
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                84,638      70,545
        Amortisation of licenses                                           45,028      39,034
        Amortisation of non-compete agreement                               1,459       1,393
        Exchange gain, net                                                 (3,988)     (9,422)
        Interest income from banks                                        (10,738)    (16,814)
        Interest income from time deposits                                 (9,945)     (9,182)
        Interest income from pledged bank deposits                              –      (2,153)
        Imputed interest income from related parties                          (22)       (196)
        Covid-19 related rent concessions                                       –        (546)
        Interest expenses                                                  79,641      71,853
        Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and
           equipment                                                         1,066     34,543
        Share of post-acquisition loss reversed upon disposal
           of an associate                                         23b          –      (4,348)
        Share-based payment expense                                        53,430      33,024
        Gain on fair value change of other financial assets at
           FVTPL                                                            (6,124)     (6,205)
        Loss on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                  –       5,526
        Loss on fair value changes of investments in preferred
           shares measured at FVTPL                                              –     76,733
        Gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in
           preferred shares measured at FVTPL                      23a           –     (36,310)
        Gain on early termination of leases                                 (1,047)       (203)
        Gain on fair value change of other financial
           liabilities at FVTPL                                                  –      (3,501)
        (Gain) loss on a life insurance policy                                (674)         59
        Share of results of associates                                      (5,109)      4,414
        Share of result of a joint venture                                     161         (44)

      Operating cash flows before movements in working capital            847,106     552,946
      Decrease (increase) in inventories                                      117      (7,236)
      Decrease (increase) in accounts and other receivables                 3,878     (45,158)
      (Increase) decrease in amounts due from related parties             (29,296)     77,676
      Increase in accounts and other payables                              36,059      75,829
      (Decrease) increase in amounts due to related parties               (10,934)      9,883

      Cash generated from operations                                       846,930     663,940
      Income tax paid                                                     (162,446)   (122,200)


      Net cash from operating activities                                  684,484     541,740




118   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                            NOTE               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


Investing activities
Interest received from banks                                                  10,738                 16,814
Interest received from time deposits                                          10,102                 11,443
Interest received from pledged bank deposits                                       –                  2,153
Capital injection of investment in a joint venture                                 –                (25,000)
Capital injection of investment in an associate                              (24,866)                     –
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (164,138)              (959,393)
Prepayments for purchase of property,
  plant and equipment                                                         (9,430)                    –
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                        (80,000)                    –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                –               108,838
Proceeds from disposal of equity instrument at FVTOCI                              –                 7,289
Purchase of a life insurance policy                                                –               (21,681)
Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                               (1,088,297)           (1,152,660)
Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL                  1,024,152             1,325,336
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                       41,208                   350
Net cash outflow on acquisitions of subsidiaries             39                    –              (874,278)
Repayment from related parties                                                 1,458                29,898
Advances to related parties                                                   (1,861)              (25,396)
Settlement of consideration payables on acquisition
  of a subsidiary in prior year                                              (70,904)                    –
Placement of time deposits                                                (1,590,209)           (7,749,186)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                1,564,017             7,778,902
Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                                –               180,000
Repayment from associates                                                      2,993                   201
Advances to associates                                                             –               (31,467)
Net cash used in investing activities                                       (375,037)           (1,377,837)




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   119
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                   NOTE       2023         2022
                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000


      Financing activities
      New bank borrowings raised                                            640,062     1,900,186
      Repayment of bank borrowing                                          (642,902)     (353,957)
      Interest paid                                                        (159,191)      (63,880)
      Proceeds from issue of shares                                         999,586        83,772
      Redemption of Convertible Bonds
        (as defined and detailed in Note 37)                              (1,604,588)           –
      Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                         (602)        (809)
      Advances from related parties                                            2,149        4,177
      Repayments to related parties                                          (26,479)    (342,881)
      Dividends paid                                                         (10,504)    (158,676)
      Repayments of loan payables                                            (57,309)    (191,917)
      Interest paid on loan payables                                          (4,207)      (2,175)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                        (65,068)     (37,824)
      Interest paid for lease liabilities                                    (18,658)     (21,880)
      Capital injection from a non-controlling shareholder                         –          980
      Net cash outflow for purchase of non-controlling interests                   –     (334,535)
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                             (2,738)     (20,439)

      Net cash (used in) from financing activities                         (950,449)     460,142


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                            (641,002)     (375,955)

      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                  1,329,948     1,689,284

      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                 2,385       16,619


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                          691,331     1,329,948


      Bank balances and cash                                                624,280     1,316,549
      Add: time deposits with original maturity of less
               than three months                                             67,051       13,399


                                                                            691,331     1,329,948




120   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




1. GENERAL INFORMATION
  Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to
  as the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands
  with limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of
  1961) as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on 3 May 2018 and the
  shares of the Company have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
  Exchange”) since 25 June 2019. The addresses of the registered office of the Company and the
  principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the section “Corporate Information” in
  the annual report.

  The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are
  principally engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive services; (ii) management services;
  (iii) ambulatory surgery centre facilities services; (iv) ancillary medical services; (v) obstetrics,
  gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and (vi) sales of medical consumables and equipment.

  The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is different from
  the Company’s functional currency of United States dollars (“US$”). The consolidated financial
  statements are presented in RMB as it best suits the needs of the shareholders and investors.

2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
  New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
  In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the
  International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
  for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated
  financial statements:

  IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and          Insurance Contracts
    December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
  Amendments to IAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates
  Amendments to IAS 12                          Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arsing
                                                   from a Single Transaction
  Amendments to IAS 12                          International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules
  Amendments to IAS 1 and                       Disclosure of Accounting Policies
   IFRS Practice Statement 2

  Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year
  has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and
  prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                          Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
           Impacts on application of Amendment to IAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
           The amendments define accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are
           subject to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements
           to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty. In such a case, an entity develops
           an accounting estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy. The amendments
           to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates, and changes in accounting
           estimates, and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors.

           The application of the amendments in the current period had no material impact on the consolidated
           financial statements.

           Impacts and changes in accounting policies on application of Amendments to IAS
           12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments
           narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in
           paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
           initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

           In accordance with the transition provision:

           (i)         the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions
                       that occurred on or after 1 January 2022;

           (ii)        the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that
                       it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
                       difference can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable
                       temporary difference associated with right-of-use-assets and lease liabilities.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
           performance.

           Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
           Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation
           of Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting
           policies” with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if,
           when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
           reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
           statements make on the basis of those financial statements.




122   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
  Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
  Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Continued)
  The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the
  nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial.
  However, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or
  conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information,
  such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

  IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
  to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
  and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
  Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

  The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
  performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 3 to
  the consolidated financial statements.

  Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
  not yet effective:

  Amendments to IFRS 10                                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
   and IAS 28                                             its Associate or Joint Venture1
  Amendments to IFRS 16                                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
  Amendments to IAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
  Amendments to IAS 1                                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
  Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                        Supplier Finance Agreements2
  Amendments to IAS 21                                  Lack of Exchangeability3

  1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

  2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

  3    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


  Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the company (the “Directors”)
  anticipate that the application of all other amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the
  consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                    Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
           Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
           Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
           Amendments”) and Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022
           Amendments”)
           The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to
           defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current
           or non-current, which:

           •           clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its
                       settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect
                       its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately
                       as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.

           •           specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on
                       rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments
                       clarify that the classification should not be affected by management intentions or
                       expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

           In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables
           users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within
           twelve months after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements
           as non-current when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity
           complying with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period.

           The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual
           reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the
           2020 Amendments, are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024,
           with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after
           the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

           Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2023, the application of the 2020 and
           2022 amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.




124   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by
      the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
      considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by
      primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
      required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      In preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements, the Directors have carefully
      considered the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current liabilities
      exceeded its current assets by RMB347,385,000. The Directors have given careful consideration
      to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of financing
      in assessing whether the Group will have sufficient financial sources to continue as a going
      concern for a period of not less than twelve months from 31 December 2023.

      In February 2024, the Group entered into a new secured borrowing amounting to
      RMB886,000,000 which carries a variable interest rate with reference to the Loan Prime Rate
      announced by the People’s Bank of China and received total net of proceeds of approximately
      RMB874,500,000. The amount of RMB50,000,000 is repayable within one year and the remaining
      of the borrowing is repayable over one year.

      The Directors reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections which cover a period of not less than
      twelve months from 31 December 2023, and have a reasonable expectation that the Group will
      have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations that will be due in the coming twelve
      months from 31 December 2023. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been
      prepared on a going concern basis.

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
      certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
      as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
      goods and services.

      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
      an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
      whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
      estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics
      of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account
      when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/
      or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
      basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-
      based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases,
      and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
      realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.



                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                 For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
                 unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
                 technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals
                 the transaction price.

                 In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level
                 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable
                 and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are
                 described as follows:

                 •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                       liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

                 •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                       observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

                 •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

           3.2 Material accounting policy information
                 The principal accounting policies are set out below.

                 Basis of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                 entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
                 achieved when the Company:

                 •     has power over the investee;

                 •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                 •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
                 ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a
                 subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the
                 date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




126   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Basis of consolidation (Continued)
      Profit or loss on each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
      Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
      attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
      the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
      accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

      All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
      transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity
      therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate
      share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

      Business combinations or asset acquisitions
      Optional concentration test
      The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction
      basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets
      is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
      assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
      assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax
      assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration
      test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further
      assessment is needed.

      Asset acquisitions
      When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business,
      the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
      assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the
      respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other
      identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase.
      Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
                 Business combinations
                 A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a
                 substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The
                 acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue
                 producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
                 experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to
                 continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without
                 significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

                 Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control, are
                 accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business
                 combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date
                 fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former
                 owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
                 the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                 At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are
                 recognised at their fair value, except that:

                 •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
                       arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and
                       IAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively; and

                 •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining
                       lease payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the
                       acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of
                       the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are
                       recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
                       reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.




128   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
      Business combinations (Continued)
      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of
      any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held
      equity interests in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired
      and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of
      the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration
      transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the
      acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately
      in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

      Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
      proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
      measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
      acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on
      a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their
      fair value.

      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date
      of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment
      losses, if any.

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
      generating units (“CGUs”) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of
      the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
      management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

      A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
      annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
      arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill
      has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
      recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to
      reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
      based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Investments in associates and a joint venture
                 An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is
                 the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not
                 control or joint control over those policies.

                 A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
                 arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the
                 contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
                 about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

                 The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in
                 these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when
                 financial interests in these associates that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment for
                 applying the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. The financial
                 statements of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared
                 using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
                 similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture
                 is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted
                 thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                 of the associate or joint venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint
                 venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-
                 term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint
                 venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are
                 recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or
                 made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                 The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
                 joint venture accounted for using equity method may be impaired. When any objective evidence
                 exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment
                 in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
                 value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
                 loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying
                 amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
                 IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

                 When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and
                 losses resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the
                 consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture
                 that are not related to the Group.




130   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
      “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred
      to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
      distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the
      progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
      following criteria is met:

      •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
           performance as the Group performs;

      •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
           Group performs; or

      •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
           the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
      distinct good or service.

      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
      for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
      customer.

      The Group recognises revenue from the following major services:

      •    Assisted reproductive services;

      •    Management services;

      •    Ambulatory surgery centre facilities services;

      •    Ancillary medical services;

      •    Obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and

      •    Sales of medical consumables and equipment.




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Assisted reproductive services
                 For assisted reproductive services, the customers normally receive the services which
                 contains various treatment components. It includes (i) consultation, (ii) revenue from sale of
                 pharmaceutical products, and (iii) in vitro fertilisation (“IVF”) treatment cycle revenue, which are
                 considered as separate performance obligation for out-patient services as described below.

                 Consultation includes initial consultation, pre-IVF cycle testing, services after pregnancy
                 and other related services – these out-patient assisted reproductive medical services, are
                 transferred at a point of time. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of
                 the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the
                 consideration is probable.

                 Sale of pharmaceutical products – revenue is recognised when control of the products has been
                 transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
                 obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products.

                 IVF treatment cycle revenue – the usual period of an IVF treatment cycle typically lasts for
                 12–20 days. Relevant revenue of an IVF treatment cycle involves the performance of a series of
                 medical treatment and procedures that are not separately distinct and does not create benefits
                 to the patient with an alternative use after the IVF treatment cycle starts, and is recognised
                 over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of
                 that performance obligation. The progress towards the complete satisfaction of performance
                 obligation is measured by direct measurements of the value of individual services or product
                 transferred by the Group to the customer. Once the patient enters into a cycle, the Group has an
                 enforceable right to payment for the contracted price.

                 Management services
                 For IVF and fertility centers management services which the control of the service is transferred
                 when the Group has provided the related services over the service period, the customer
                 simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                 Group performs.

                 Revenue from provision of IVF and fertility centers management services is recognised over the
                 period in which the services are rendered.

                 The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation in respect of the IVF
                 and fertility centers management services contracts is measured based on output method, which
                 is to recognise revenue based on time elapsed.




132   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
      Management services (Continued)
      Variable consideration
      For the management services arrangements that contain variable consideration, service fee
      is calculated based on pre-set formulas set out in the arrangements and subject to limitations
      primarily relating to the customer’s net income before tax, the Group estimates the amount of
      consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method.

      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
      extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue
      reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is
      subsequently resolved.

      At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price to
      represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes
      in circumstances during the reporting period.

      Ambulatory surgery centre facilities services
      Revenue from the ambulatory surgery centre facilities services is recognised at a point in time
      when the related services have been rendered. Revenue is recognised when the customer
      obtains the control of the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and
      the collection of the consideration is probable.

      Ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services
      Revenue from ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical
      services is recognised when the related services have been rendered and includes out-patient
      service and in-patient services.

      Out-patient services
      For out-patient services, the patient normally receives out-patient treatment which contains
      various treatment components. Out-patient services contain more than one performance
      obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale of pharmaceutical
      products. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a
      relative stand-alone selling price basis. Both (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale
      of pharmaceutical products for which the control of services or pharmaceutical products is
      transferred at a point in time, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of the
      completed services or pharmaceutical products and the Group has present right to payment and
      the collection of the consideration is probable.




                                                          Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services
                 (Continued)

                 In-patient services
                 For in-patient services, the customers normally receive in-patient treatment which contains
                 various treatment components. In-patient services contain more than one performance
                 obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services, (ii) provision of in-patient healthcare
                 services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products. The Group allocates the transaction price to
                 each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

                 For revenue from (i) provision of consultation services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products
                 for which control of pharmaceutical products is transferred at a point in time, revenue is
                 recognised when the customer obtains the control of the completed services or pharmaceutical
                 products and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is
                 probable.

                 For revenue from (ii) in-patient healthcare services, the corresponding revenue is recognised
                 over the service period when customers simultaneously received the services and consumes
                 the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs. The progress towards
                 complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method,
                 which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services
                 transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining healthcare services promised under
                 the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of services.

                 Sales of medical consumables and equipment
                 Revenue from sales of medical consumables and equipment is recognised at a point in time
                 when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to
                 the customer’s specific location.




134   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Leases
      Definition of a lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
      identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

      The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
      IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
      be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As a
      practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
      the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would
      not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.


      The Group as a lessee
      Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term
      of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also
      applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term
      leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over
      the lease term.

      Right-of-use assets
      The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

      •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

      •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
           received; and

      •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group.

      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
      losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

      Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
      useful life and the lease term.

      The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
      financial position.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                 Right-of-use assets (Continued)
                 Refundable rental deposits
                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                 Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
                 included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                 Lease liabilities
                 At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at
                 the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value
                 of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
                 date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                 The lease payments include:

                 •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                       receivable; and

                 •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the
                       index or rate as at the commencement date.

                 After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                 payments.

                 The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.




136   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Property, plant and equipment
      Property, plant and equipment that are held for use in the provision of services, or for
      administrative purposes are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
      subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      Properties in the course of construction for provision of services or administrative purposes
      are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly
      attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable
      of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
      related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in
      accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis
      as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in
      progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
      method. The estimated useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed at
      the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
      prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
      economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
      arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
      as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
      recognised in profit or loss.




                                                          Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Intangible assets
                 Intangible assets acquired separately
                 Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                 accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible
                 assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated
                 useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
                 each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
                 prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are
                 carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                 Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                 Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
                 incurred.

                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (including licenses, trademarks,
                 contractual right to provide management services and non-compete agreement) are recognised
                 separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date
                 (which is regarded as their cost).

                 Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with
                 finite useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
                 impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
                 cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                 An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are
                 expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
                 asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount
                 of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




138   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
      other than goodwill
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
      and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine
      whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
      indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine
      the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested
      for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

      The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
      assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
      individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

      In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a
      reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
      to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
      established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group of CGUs to which
      the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or
      group of CGUs.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
      assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
      using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
      and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have
      not been adjusted.

      If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying
      amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For
      corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
      and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs,
      including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated
      to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the
      impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
      goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
      amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not
      reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use
      (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
      allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs.
      An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                 other than goodwill (Continued)
                 Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU
                 or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
                 the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
                 determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of
                 CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 Foreign currencies
                 In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
                 other than the functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
                 prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
                 denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
                 monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
                 retranslated.

                 Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
                 monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                 For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
                 of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB)
                 using exchange rate prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses
                 items are translated at the average exchange rates for the year unless exchange rates fluctuate
                 significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions
                 are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income
                 and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling
                 interests as appropriate).

                 Exchange differences relating to the retranslation of the Group’s net assets in US$ to the Group’s
                 presentation currency (i.e. RMB) are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and
                 accumulated in translation reserve. Such exchange differences accumulated in the translation
                 reserve are not reclassified to profit or loss subsequently.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of
                 a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated
                 at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences
                 arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.




140   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Bank balances and cash
      Bank balances and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include
      cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist
      of bank balances and cash as defined above and time deposits with originally maturity of three
      months or less.

      Inventories
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are determined on a
      weighted average cost method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
      inventories less all costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
      incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group
      must incur to make the sale.

      Financial instruments
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
      to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
      assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
      are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
      established by regulation or convention in the market place.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts
      receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
      with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly
      attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
      financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are added to or deducted from the fair value
      of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
      costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
      recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
      financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
      The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
      payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest
      rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
      financial asset or financial liability or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying
      amount on initial recognition.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
                 cost:

                 •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
                        cash flows; and

                 •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                        principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.


                 (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                        measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the
                        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
                        assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets
                        that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                        the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                        period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                        financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning
                        of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                        impaired.


                 (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                        Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                        FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                        with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                        recognised in profit or loss is included in the “other gains and losses, net” line item.




142   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on
      financial assets (including bank balances, time deposits, refundable deposits, accounts and
      other receivables, loan receivables, amounts due from an associate, and amounts due from
      related parties) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
      updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the
      expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the
      portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within
      12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical
      credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
      conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
      forecast of future conditions.

      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables. The ECL on these assets
      are assessed individually.

      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
      has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
      recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
      on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

      (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
            the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
            reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
            of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
            qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
            and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                       In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                       risk has increased significantly:

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                             available) or internal credit rating;

                       •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                             increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                       •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                             that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                             debt obligations;

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; or

                       •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                             technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                             debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                       Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                       risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
                       more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                       that demonstrates otherwise.

                       The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                       has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                       the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                       becomes past due.




144   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
      (ii)   Definition of default
             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
             information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
             is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
             collaterals held by the Group).

             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
             asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
             information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

      (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
             on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
             financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                   borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                   lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                   reorganisation.

      (iv) Write-off policy
             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
             counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
             for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
             bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
             activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
             appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any recoveries made are
             recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2	Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
                       The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                       the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                       of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-
                       looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                       amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                       Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                       the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                       receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                       Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                       unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                       based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                       The Group recognises an impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                       adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts receivables where the
                       corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                 from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                 asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised
                 in profit or loss.

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
                 accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial
                 liability and an equity instrument.




146   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
      Equity instruments
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
      after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
      the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
      equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation
      of the Company’s own equity instruments.

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities including accounts and other payables, loan payables, amounts due to
      related parties and bank borrowing are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
      effective interest method.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
      discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the
      financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or
      loss.

      Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
      assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
      intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
      substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

      All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Government grants
                 Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
                 comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                 Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
                 which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
                 compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should
                 purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income
                 included in accounts and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                 transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
                 assets.

                 Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or
                 losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group
                 with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become
                 receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

                 Employee benefits
                 Retirement benefit costs
                 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including government-managed
                 retirement benefit schemes, are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
                 service entitling them to the contributions.

                 Short-term employee benefits
                 Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
                 expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee
                 benefits are recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of
                 the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and
                 annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




148   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Share-based payments
      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
      Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) to employees
      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
      measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

      The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
      taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
      over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
      vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based payment reserve).
      At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
      instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
      The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such
      that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
      the equity-settled share-based payment reserve.

      When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-
      based payment reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium. When the share
      options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the
      amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-based payment reserve will be transferred
      to retained profits.

      When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-
      based payments reserve will be transferred to share premium.

      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
      before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
      items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
      tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Taxation (Continued)
                 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                 and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                 the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                 temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
                 those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
                 are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than
                 in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the
                 taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to
                 equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not
                 recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
                 investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in a joint venture, except where the
                 Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
                 temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising
                 from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
                 recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
                 which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the
                 foreseeable future.

                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                 reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
                 to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                 period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws)
                 that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                 The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                 follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to
                 recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
                 recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
                 whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




150   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)
  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Taxation (Continued)
      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
      Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The
      Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable
      that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be
      utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
      current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to
      the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

      Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
      are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current
      and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
      respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business
      combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

      Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
      result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and
      a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

      The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to
      settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and
      uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows
      estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash
      flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Contingent liabilities
                 A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised
                 because it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
                 be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with
                 sufficient reliability.

                 Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
                 expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in
                 the consolidated financial statements.

                 The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying
                 economic benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future
                 economic benefits will be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a
                 provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which
                 the change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable
                 estimate can be made.

      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the Directors are required to make judgements,
           estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
           apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
           experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
           estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an-ongoing basis. Revisions to
           accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
           affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
           current and future periods.




152   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies
  The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
  Directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
  most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

  Contractual arrangements
  According to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative
  List) (2018) (“Negative List”), medical institutions fall within the “restricted” investment category, and
  therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments, and foreign investments are restricted to the
  form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint venture. In view of the foreign ownership
  restriction, the provision of private specialised medical services is subject to foreign investment
  restriction in accordance with the Negative List.

  Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd (“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”, previously known as Chengdu Xinan
  Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd), Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Wonen &
  Children Hospital (“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”, previously known as Sichuan Jinxin Wonen and
  Children Hospital Co., Ltd.), Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd (“Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital”),
  and Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Kunming Hewanjia
  Hospital”) (collectively referred to as “VIE Entities”) were established under the laws of the PRC.
  The Group does not directly own 100% equity interests in the VIE Entities. Chengdu Xinan Clinic is
  currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 90% and Jinrun Fude as to 10%. Shenzhen Zhongshan
  Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 70%, Jinrun Fude as to 29.90% and other
  shareholders for the remaining. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital is currently held by Chengdu Jinyi
  Hongkang Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinyi Hongkang”) as to 100%. Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital
  and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 66.50% and Jinrun
  Fude as to 30% respectively and other shareholders for the remaining.

  Through the shareholdings and the contractual arrangements as mentioned, the Group has acquired
  (i) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and has
  become entitled to all the economic benefits from its operations; (ii) effective control over the financial
  and operational policies of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and has become entitled to 99.90% of
  the economic benefits from its operations; (iii) effective control over the financial and operational
  policies of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital and has become entitled to all the economic benefits from
  its operations; and (iv) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Yunnan Jiuzhou
  and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital and become entitled to 96.50% of the economic benefits from each
  operation. The Directors believe that the contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored as they are
  used to enable the Group to conduct businesses in industries that are subject to foreign investment
  restrictions in the PRC.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Control over the IVF fertility centers and clinics under IVF specialty collaboration
           agreements and management services agreement (“MSA”)
           The Group entered into a series of IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA with certain
           IVF and fertility centers and clinics that were controlled by Chengdu Jinxin Investment, Huntington
           Reproductive Centre Medical Group (“HRC Medical”) and University of Southern California (“USC”),
           which the Group agrees to manage and operate the centers and clinics and receive performance-
           based fees in which the terms will automatically be renewed indefinitely unless terminated. The
           management assessed whether or not the Group has control over these centers and clinics through
           the IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA based on whether the Group has the practical
           ability to direct the relevant activities of the center and clinics unilaterally. In making their judgement,
           the Directors considered the composition of the internal governance bodies and controlling parties
           which oversee the operations of the centers and clinics. After assessment, the Directors concluded
           that the Group does not obtain the decision making power over these bodies and committees to
           direct the relevant activities of the centers. Accordingly, the Group does not control and thus does
           not consolidate those centers and clinics. Instead, these agreements are considered as management
           contracts to generate management service income. Details of the revenue generated from these
           management contracts are set out in Note 5.

           Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services
           The Group determines the useful life of the trademarks for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the
           trademarks for HRC Medical held by HRC Fertility Management, LLC (“HRC Management”),
           the trademarks for Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively refer to as
           “Jinxin Women Group”), the trademarks for JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and
           its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Jinxin Medical Group”), and the trademarks for
           Guangzhou Yunzhicai Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yunzhicai”), Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital
           Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Kangzhi”), Guangzhou Hejia Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
           (“Guangzhou Hejia”) and their subsidiaries (collectively refer to as “Kunming Group”) to be indefinite
           considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
           when renewing the trademarks.

           The Directors are of the opinion that the Group will renew the trademarks continuously and has the
           ability to do so. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the Directors to have an indefinite
           useful life and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they
           will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. As
           at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the trademarks are RMB2,664,197,000 (31 December
           2022: RMB2,644,863,000), with details set out in Note 21.




154   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
  Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services (Continued)
  The Directors determine the useful life of the contractual right to provide management services to
  be indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the rights (including the
  extension of the service contracts upon their maturity automatically for one additional year on each
  anniversary date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of
  such contractual right to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for
  the Group indefinitely and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at
  31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the contractual right to provide management services is
  RMB1,996,613,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,963,321,000), with details set out in Note 20.

  Useful life of a license
  The Group determines the useful life of the license for Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite
  considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
  when renewing the license.

  The Directors determine the useful life of the license for human assisted reproduction services in
  Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite. The Directors determine the useful life of the license to be
  indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the license (including the
  extension of the license upon its maturity automatically for one additional year on each anniversary
  date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of such license
  to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group indefinitely
  and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at 31 December 2023, the
  carrying amount of the license is RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2022: RMB40,166,000), with details
  set out in Note 18.

  Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options
  The Group applies judgment to determine the lease term for lease contracts in which it is a lessee
  that include extension option, specifically, the leases relating to the clinics in the United States of
  America (“U.S.A.”)

  The assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise extension options impacts
  the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets
  recognised. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either a significant event or
  a significant change in circumstances that is within the control of lessee and that affects the
  assessment.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options (Continued)
           When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances
           including economic incentives/penalties for exercising or not exercising the options. Factors
           considered include:

           •     contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared with market rates (e.g.
                 whether the amount of payments in the optional periods is below the market rates);

           •     the extent of leasehold improvements undertaken by Group; and

           •     costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of identifying another
                 underlying asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

           The Directors consider the Group has significant economic incentive in those clinics and therefore is
           reasonably certain for the Group to exercise such options in order to operate the clinics until the end
           of the useful lives of the related property, plant and equipment.

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
           adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

           Estimated impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life
           Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets comprising contractual right to provide
           management services, trademarks and license with indefinite useful life is impaired requires
           an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill and
           intangible assets with indefinite useful life has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use
           or fair value less costs of disposal. The Group’s management, with the support of an independent
           valuer (as necessary), establishes the impairment assessment model and prepares a value-in-use
           calculation to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU (or group of CGUs),
           taking into account key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-
           tax discount rate. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts
           and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment
           loss may arise. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill is RMB3,495,983,000 (31
           December 2022: RMB3,484,725,000) and that of intangible assets comprising (i) contractual right
           to provide management services is RMB1,996,613,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,963,321,000),
           (ii) trademarks of RMB2,664,197,000 (31 December 2022: RMB2,644,863,000) and (iii) license with
           indefinite useful life of RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2022: RMB40,166,000). Details are set out in
           Note 22.




156   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
  Useful lives, depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment, licenses and
  non-compete agreement
  The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges
  for its property, plant and equipment, licenses and non-compete agreement. This estimate is based
  on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
  nature and functions and management’s expectation on the useful lives of the licenses and non-
  compete agreement based on industry practice and regulatory landscapes. Management will
  increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than
  previously estimated. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review
  could result in a change in depreciable/amortisation lives and therefore depreciation/amortisation
  expense in future periods.

  As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB2,595,241,000
  (31 December 2022: RMB2,529,756,000), net of accumulated depreciation of RMB490,771,000 (31
  December 2022: RMB421,055,000). Details are set out in Note 15.

  As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of licenses with finite lives was RMB1,490,982,000
  (31 December 2022: RMB1,536,010,000), net of accumulated amortisation of RMB163,839,000 (31
  December 2022: RMB118,811,000). Details are set out in Note 18.

  As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of non-compete agreement with finite lives was
  RMB19,174,000 (31 December 2022: RMB20,312,000), net of accumulated amortisation of
  RMB3,300,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,841,000). Details are set out in Note 19.




                                                         Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive services,
           management services, ambulatory surgery centre facilities services, ancillary medical services,
           obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical service, and sales of medical consumables and
           equipment, net of discounts.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s revenue is mainly contributed
           from its operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the U.S.A. and Hong Kong Special
           Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”).

           Information reported to the chief executive officer, being the chief operating decision makers
           (“CODM”), for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
           focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM is
           categorised into various jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating segment
           by the CODM.

           In the current year, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure which resulted in changes
           to the composition of its reportable segments. The management had designated the Group to be
           divided into two operating segments owing to the rapid development of its overseas operations. Prior
           year segment disclosures have been represented to conform with the current year’s presentation.

           The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are operations
           located in the Mainland China and Hong Kong (“Greater China”), and the U.S.A. and Lao People’s
           Democratic Republic (“Laos”) (collectively referred to as “Overseas”) during the years ended 31
           December 2023 and 2022. The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by
           operating and reportable segments.




158   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                               Greater China        Overseas       Consolidated
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


   Revenue
     Segment revenue from external customers       2,218,608            570,302         2,788,910


   Segment profit                                   635,897               9,540            645,437


   Unallocated administrative expenses                                                     (85,674)
   Share-based compensation benefits                                                       (53,430)
   Certain exchange gain, net                                                                4,180
   Certain interest income from banks                                                          185
   Interest income from time deposits                                                        9,945
   Interest on convertible bonds                                                            (1,310)
   Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                      (55,065)


   Profit before taxation                                                                  464,268




                                                   Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2022:

                                                                Greater China        Overseas      Consolidated
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


           Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers                1,902,035          462,444        2,364,479

           Segment profit                                             431,196          (83,384)         347,812

           Unallocated administrative expenses                                                           (87,437)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                             (33,024)
           Loss on fair value changes of investments in
             preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                                          (76,733)
           Gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in
             preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                                          36,310
           Certain loss on fair value changes of financial
             assets at FVTPL                                                                             (13,505)
           Certain gains on fair value changes of other
             financial assets at FVTPL                                                                     2,851
           Gain on fair value change of other financial
             liabilities at FVTPL                                                                          3,501
           Certain exchange gain, net                                                                      8,784
           Certain interest income from banks                                                                866
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                                      9,177
           Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                                      2,153
           Share of results of associates                                                                 (3,610)
           Gain on disposal of an associate                                                                4,348
           Interest on convertible bonds                                                                  (4,710)
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                            (42,459)

           Profit before taxation                                                                       154,324


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting
           policies. Segment profit represents the profit before taxation for each respective segment excluding
           unallocated administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses), share-based compensation
           benefits, certain net exchange gain, certain interest income resulted from the corporate bank
           balances (including time deposits), interest on convertible bonds, and certain interest on bank
           borrowing (2022: excluding unallocated administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses),
           Share-based compensation benefits, loss on fair value changes of investments in preferred shares
           measured at FVTPL, gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in preferred shares measured
           at FVTPL, certain loss on fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL, certain gains on fair value
           changes of other financial assets at FVTPL, gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at
           FVTPL, certain net exchange gain, certain interest income resulted from the corporate bank balances
           (including pledged bank deposits and time deposits), share of result of associates, gain on disposal
           of an associate, interest on convertible bonds, and certain interest on bank borrowing).




160   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Segment assets and liabilities
   The following is an analysis of the Group’s asset and liabilities by reportable and operating segments:

                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Segment assets
   Greater China                                                          10,236,261            10,527,164
   Overseas                                                                4,466,452             4,343,676


   Total segment assets                                                   14,702,713            14,870,840
   Corporate bank balances and cash                                           12,071               106,720
   Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                           7,052               105,743
   Corporate amounts due from an associate                                         –                15,434
   Life insurance policy                                                      23,511                22,452
   Unallocated (other assets)                                                150,830               110,848


   Total                                                                  14,896,177            15,232,037


                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Segment liabilities
   Greater China                                                           1,702,407             2,956,015
   Overseas                                                                  963,028               944,673


   Total segment liabilities                                               2,665,435             3,900,688
   Convertible bonds                                                               –             1,636,059
   Corporate bank borrowing                                                1,997,954               930,678
   Unallocated (other liabilities)                                            45,976                29,484


   Total                                                                   4,709,365             6,496,909




                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

           •     All assets are allocated to operating segments, other than corporate bank balances and cash,
                 investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, corporate amounts due from an associate,
                 life insurance policy and other unallocated corporate assets; and

           •     All liabilities are allocated to operating segments, other than convertible bonds, corporate bank
                 borrowing and other unallocated corporate liabilities.

           For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                            Greater China        Overseas       Unallocated             Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


           Amounts included in the measure of
            segment profit or loss or segment
            assets:
            Addition to non-current assets (Note)                299,397            20,602                  –           319,999
            Addition to non-current assets interest
              in associate accounted for using
              equity method (Note 23(b))                               –           164,469                  –           164,469
            Depreciation and amortisation                        210,926            72,819              2,442           286,187
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and
              equipment                                              555               511                  –             1,066


           For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                            Greater China        Overseas        Unallocated              Total
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


           Amounts included in the measure of
            segment profit or loss or segment assets:
            Addition to non-current assets (Note)                291,169            97,030             24,700           412,899
            Addition to non-current assets through
              acquisitions of subsidiaries
              (Notes 15, 16, 17 & 39)                           2,791,152                –                  –         2,791,152
            Depreciation and amortisation                         205,218           53,830              2,346           261,394
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and
              equipment                                               25            34,518                   –           34,543

           Note: Non-current assets excluded financial instruments, deferred tax assets and addition to non-current assets through
                 acquisitions of subsidiaries.




162   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Types of services
   Assisted reproductive services                                          1,335,511             1,053,776
   Management services                                                       565,619               502,837
   Ambulatory surgery centre facilities                                      101,674                76,215
   Ancillary medical services                                                208,638               150,956
   Obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services                    470,484               471,076
   Sales of medical consumables and equipment                                106,984               109,619

   Total                                                                   2,788,910             2,364,479


                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Timing of revenue recognition
   A point in time recognition                                             1,490,481             1,282,311
   Over time recognition                                                   1,298,429             1,082,168
   Total                                                                   2,788,910             2,364,479


   All services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
   allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed. The Group applies the practical expedient
   of not disclosing the information about its remaining performance obligation when the performance
   obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.

   Geographical information
   At 31 December 2023, the non-current assets located in the Greater China and overseas amounted
   to RMB9,120,200,000 and RMB4,110,042,000, respectively (31 December 2022: RMB8,936,931,000
   and RMB4,204,602,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at 31 December 2023 excluded loan
   receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable deposits, deferred tax assets and amount due
   from related parties (2022: excluded loan receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable deposits,
   deferred tax assets and amounts due from an associate).

   Information about major customers
   Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
   Group are as follows:

                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   HRC Medical                                                               444,627                351,142



                                                            Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


           Imputed interest income from related parties                                               22                   196
           Interest income from banks                                                             10,738                16,814
           Interest income from time deposits                                                      9,945                 9,182
           Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                                  –                 2,153
           Government grants (Note)                                                               32,553                 6,990
           Consulting service income                                                               6,158                 2,561
           Others                                                                                 17,782                12,256


                                                                                                  77,198                50,152

           Note: Government grants mainly represent amounts received by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, a subsidiary of the Group, for
                 its foreign investment awards and nucleic acid incentives with no unfulfilled conditions and the grants on cost
                 incurred for research and development projects of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with no unfulfilled conditions.
                 (2022: grants mainly represented amounts received by Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital for its newly granted Class
                 Three Grade A qualification as private hospital and grants on cost incurred for research and development projects
                 of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with no unfulfilled conditions).


      7. OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


           Donations                                                                                  30                  3,411
           Compensations (Note)                                                                   31,347                  3,360
           Others                                                                                     62                  1,339


                                                                                                  31,439                  8,110

           Note: During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group actively sought conciliation on certain litigations and
                 legal claims brought by former patients and employees in the USA. Based on the agreed conciliation or recent
                 constructive developments, an amount of RMB31,347,000 was recognised in the profit or loss during the year, in
                 which RMB17,359,000 was settled and the remaining amount of RMB13,988,000 was include in other payables.
                 The Group did not engaged in any conciliation in 2022.




164   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


  Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                            (1,066)             (34,543)
  Exchange gain, net                                                                      3,988                9,422
  Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                                    6,124                6,205
  Fair value change of investments in preferred shares measured
    at FVTPL                                                                                  –              (76,733)
  Gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in preferred
    shares measured at FVTPL                                                                  –               36,310
  Fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL                                              –               (5,526)
  Fair value change of other financial liabilities at FVTPL                                   –                3,501
  Gain on early termination of leases                                                     1,047                  203
  Gain on disposal of investments in an associate                                             –                4,348
  Others                                                                                  2,635               (1,239)


                                                                                         12,728              (58,052)


9. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


  Interest on bank borrowings (Note)                                                     59,673               45,263
  Interest on convertible bonds                                                           1,310                4,710
  Interest on lease liabilities                                                          18,658               21,880


                                                                                         79,641               71,853

  Note:

                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


  Total borrowing cost                                                                 169,864                 81,688
  Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                               (110,191)               (36,425)

                                                                                         59,673                45,263


  Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the specific borrowings.




                                                                    Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      10. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                               2023       2022
                                                                            RMB’000    RMB’000


           Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

           Auditor’s remuneration                                             4,300      4,336
           Directors’ remuneration (Note 12)                                 37,750     12,942
           Other staff costs
             – salaries, allowances and other benefits                      741,158    661,964
             – retirement benefit schemes contributions for other staff      83,399     65,989
             – share-based compensation benefits                             27,670     33,024


           Total staff costs                                                889,977    773,919


           Cost of inventories recognised as expenses (representing
             pharmaceutical products and consumables used,
             included in cost of revenue)                                   753,297    650,928
           Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative expenses)    45,028     39,034
           Amortisation of non-compete agreement (included in
             administrative expenses)                                         1,459      1,393
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    155,062    150,422
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               88,353     72,713
           Less: capitalised in building under construction                  (3,715)    (2,168)
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognised
             in profit and loss                                              84,638     70,545




166   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


  Current tax:
    PRC EIT                                                                 103,966                  91,962
    Under provision in respect of prior year for PRC EIT                      3,355                       –
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     4,364                   4,046
  California State Income Tax                                                   183                     235


                                                                            111,868                  96,243

  Withholding tax                                                               21,480                      –

  Deferred tax:
    Current year (Note 35)                                                  (16,063)                (59,868)


                                                                            117,285                  36,375


  The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries
  incorporated in the BVI are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI from a BVI tax perspective.

  Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for years 2023 and
  2022.

  Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations
  of the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Company operating in the PRC is 25%,
  except for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western Region”
  and eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are tax residents
  in the PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC tax resident
  immediate holding company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed earnings are
  declared to be paid as dividends out of profits that arose on or after 1 January 2008.

  Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing 21% of the
  applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State Income Tax
  rate for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 for their operations in the U.S.A.

  Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect
  of temporary differences attributable to the retained profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
  approximately RMB908,441,000 as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB784,026,000), as
  the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
  that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




                                                           Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)
           The income tax expenses for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


           Profit before taxation                                                   464,268           154,324


           Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                               116,067             38,581
           Tax effect of share of results of associates                              (1,277)             1,104
           Tax effect of share of results of a joint venture                             40                (11)
           Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                     1,224              1,547
           Under provision in respect of prior year                                   3,355                  –
           Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                          (2,494)            (4,977)
           Tax effect of R&D expense additional deduction                            (3,795)            (1,801)
           Effect of tax exemption and concessions granted to
             PRC subsidiaries                                                       (54,065)           (44,483)
           Tax effect of deductible temporary differences previously not
             recognised                                                             (13,330)                 –
           Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognized                       (4,010)                 –
           Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other
             jurisdictions                                                             (327)            (1,946)
           Withholding tax on interest income among subsidiaries                     21,480                  –
           Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                     54,417             48,361


           Income tax expenses                                                      117,285             36,375


           At the end of the reporting period, the Group has accumulated unused tax losses of RMB944,886,000
           (2022: RMB627,256,000), subject to approval of relevant tax authorities, available for offset against
           future profits and recognised accumulated tax losses of RMB454,734,000 (2022: RMB338,732,000)
           as deferred tax asset. The unrecognised tax losses of RMB66,083,000 (2022: RMB53,607,000) will
           expire in various years before 2028 (2022: 2027) and other unrecognised tax losses may be carried
           forward indefinitely.




168   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (a) Directors and the chief executive
      Details of the emoluments paid or payable to executive directors and chief executive of the
      Company for the year for his services rendered to the entities comprising the Group are as
      follows:

                                                                                   Performance-  Retirement
                                                      Share-based                        related      benefit
                                                     compensation     Salaries and     incentive   schemes
                                               Fees       benefits     allowances    payments* contributions        Total
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      Chairman and executive director
      Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                          –         3,509          1,231         1,432            16        6,188
      Executive directors:
      Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                        –           318          1,237           205            48        1,808
      Dr. John G. Wilcox                           –        16,191              –             –             –       16,191
      Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                           –         2,871          1,145         1,713            15        5,744
      Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                            –         2,871          1,139         1,691            69        5,770
      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                            –             –             –             –              –           –
      Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                              –             –             –             –              –           –
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                      50             –           823             –             92         965
      Independent non-executive directors:
      Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                     271             –             –             –              –         271
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                      271             –             –             –              –         271
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                  271             –             –             –              –         271
      Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                       271             –             –             –              –         271


                                               1,134        25,760          5,575         5,041           240       37,750




                                                                     Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)
           (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                                                                                                    Performance-      Retirement
                                                                      Share-based                         related         benefit
                                                                     compensation    Salaries and       incentive      schemes
                                                           Fees           benefits    allowances      payments*     contributions      Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


                 For the year ended 31 December 2022
                 Chairman and executive director
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                             –               –         1,598           2,128              15       3,741
                 Executive directors:
                 Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                           –               –         1,431               –              77       1,508
                 Dr. John G. Wilcox                              –               –             –               –               –           –
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                              –               –         2,668               –              25       2,693
                 Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                               –               –         2,217           1,016              75       3,308
                 Non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                              –                –             –               –               –          –
                 Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                                –                –             –               –               –          –
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                       600                –             1               –              15        616
                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                       269                –             –               –               –        269
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                        269                –             –               –               –        269
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                    269                –             –               –               –        269
                 Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                         269                –             –               –               –        269


                                                             1,676               –         7,915           3,144             207     12,942

                 *     Performance–related incentive payments is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the
                       relevant individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.


                 The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with
                 the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
                 emoluments shown above were for their services as Directors and its subsidiaries, if applicable.
                 The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
                 Directors.

                 There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
                 waive any remuneration during the year.




170   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)
  (b) Employees
      The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included three directors for the
      year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: one director). Details of the remuneration for the year of
      the remaining two (2022: four) who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
      as follows:

                                                                            2023                   2022
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


      Salaries and allowances                                                 17,537               10,067
      Performance–related incentive payments                                   3,333                2,008
      Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                    94                  110
      Share-based compensation benefits                                        2,509                4,705

                                                                              23,473               16,890

      The number of the highest paid employees (including directors) whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:

                                                                               2023                  2022


      Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                          –                      1
      HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                 –                      3
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                 1                      –
      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                 1                      –
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                 –                      1
      HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                 1                      –
      HK$17,000,001 to HK$17,500,000                                               1                      –
      HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                               1                      –

                                                                                   5                      5


      During the year, certain non–director and non–chief executive highest paid employees were
      granted restricted share unit awards, in respect of their services to the Group under the RSU
      Scheme of the Company. Details of the restricted share award (“Restricted Share Award”) are
      set out in Note 40 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

      During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the Directors, or the five highest paid
      individuals (including the Directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining
      the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the director of the Group nor the five
      highest paid individual waived any emoluments during the year.




                                                         Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


           Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
             recognised as distribution during the year:
           2022 final – Nil (2022: 2021 final – HK7.38 cents)(Note)                                     –             150,000

           Note: No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2023. Subsequent to the
                 end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HK5.95 cents
                 (approximately RMB5.40 cents) (2022: nil) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of HK$164,084,000
                 (approximately RMB148,834,000) (2022: nil), has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
                 shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

                 A final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 of HK7.38 cents (equivalent to RMB0.06) per
                 ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB150,000,000 (2021: Nil), has been proposed by the Directors and
                 approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.


      14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is
           based on the following data:

                                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


           Earnings
           Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                        344,723               121,124
           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
             – Interest on convertible bonds                                                      1,310                  4,710
             – Exchange (gain) loss on convertible bonds                                        (10,853)                   294


           Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                        335,180               126,128




172   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                   ’000                  ’000


   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purpose of basic earnings per share                                   2,676,019              2,496,257
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
     – Restricted Shares Units (“RSUs”) issued by the Company                    29,937                7,232
     – Convertible bonds issued by the Company                                   29,831              120,980


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
    purpose of diluted earnings per share                                  2,735,787              2,624,469


   For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   for the purpose of calculation of basic earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary
   shares held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme by the RSU Scheme’s Nominee as described in
   Note 40 and the effect of the ordinary shares issued by the Company as described in Note 38.

   For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   for the purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of
   assumption of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from restricted shares
   and the conversion of the Company’s outstanding convertible bonds.




                                                            Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                   Office
                                                                                              equipment,
                                                                  Leasehold       Medical       furniture     Motor     Construction
                                                   Buildings   improvements    equipment     and fixtures   vehicles     in progress      Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2022                        809,091         269,968      203,076          61,784       6,564          10,627    1,361,110
           Additions                                      –          49,999       30,057          26,709       1,110          72,444      180,319
           Disposals/write-off                            –         (34,196)      (6,061)         (1,140)        (78)           (255)     (41,730)
           Reclassification                               –           1,276            –             213           –          (1,489)           –
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries
              (Note 39 and Note)                      3,952           6,332       12,766          28,888         267       1,376,879    1,429,084
           Exchange realignment                           –          12,880        4,550           2,919           –           1,679       22,028
           At 31 December 2022                      813,043         306,259      244,388         119,373       7,863       1,459,885    2,950,811


           Additions                                       –         16,903        62,737         23,892         999         155,995      260,526
           Disposals/write-off                             –              –      (113,321)       (16,276)       (511)              –     (130,108)
           Reclassification                                –         29,677         6,007          2,661           –         (38,345)           –
           Exchange realignment                            –          2,427           626            413           –           1,317        4,783


           At 31 December 2023                      813,043         355,266      200,437         130,063       8,351       1,578,852    3,086,012


           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2022                        117,444          46,020       83,845          20,375       1,367               –     269,051
           Provided for the year                     42,640          40,119       44,827          20,958       1,878               –     150,422
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off              –          (1,210)      (4,912)           (692)        (23)              –      (6,837)
           Exchange realignment                           –           4,409        2,542           1,468           –               –       8,419
           At 31 December 2022                      160,084          89,338      126,302          42,109       3,222               –     421,055


           Provided for the year                     42,114          42,910        42,796         25,473       1,769               –     155,062
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off              –               –       (78,429)        (8,913)       (492)              –     (87,834)
           Exchange realignment                           –           1,667           470            351           –               –       2,488


           At 31 December 2023                      202,198         133,915       91,139          59,020       4,499               –     490,771


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2022                      652,959         216,921      118,086          77,264       4,641       1,459,885    2,529,756


           At 31 December 2023                      610,845         221,351      109,298          71,043       3,852       1,578,852    2,595,241




174   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   Note: On 4 February 2022, 海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公司 (Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise Management Co., Ltd),
         an indirect wholly–owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with certain
         independent third–party individuals to purchase their 100% equity interests in 深圳市恆裕聯翔投資發展有限公
         司 (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd, “Shenzhen Hengyu”) at cash consideration of
         approximately RMB37,234,000. Shenzhen Hengyu owns an industrial research and development building located
         in Shenzhen which is now under construction and amounting to RMB1,549,385,000 (including property, plant and
         equipment amounting to RMB1,376,666,000 and right-of-use assets amounting to RMB172,719,000 (Note 16))
         at the date of acquisition. The total investment amounts of the industrial research and development building is
         estimated to be approximately RMB1,727,063,000 upon completion. The acquisition has been accounted for as
         assets acquisition and was completed on 25 May 2022. The industrial research and development building will be
         used for the provision of medical services by Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. For more details of the transaction,
         please refer to Note 39 to the consolidated financial statements and the Company’s announcements dated 4
         February 2022 and 15 February 2022.


   Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than
   construction in progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight–line method and at the
   following rates per annum:

   Buildings                                                   5%
   Leasehold improvements                                      10% to 20% or lease term, whichever is shorter
   Medical equipment                                           10% to 15%
   Office equipment, furniture and fixtures                    20%
   Motor vehicles                                              20%

16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                        Leasehold          Leased
                                                             land       properties       Equipment            Total
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


   As at 1 January 2023
   Carrying amount                                         170,551          385,606            9,268         565,425


   As at 31 December 2023
   Carrying amount                                         166,836          353,264            8,104         528,204


   For the year ended 31 December 2023
   Depreciation charge                                        3,715          82,952            1,686          88,353


   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   Depreciation charge                                        2,168          69,399            1,146          72,713




                                                                    Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Expense relating to short–term leases                                           1,310                924
           Expense relating to lease of low–value assets,
             excluding short–term leases of low–value assets                                224                 239
           Total cash outflow for leases                                                 85,260              60,867
           Additions to right-of-use assets                                              59,473              50,718
           Additions to right-of-use assets through acquisitions
             of a subsidiary (Note 39)                                                         –            172,719


           During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group leases various clinics, offices,
           hospital, equipment and land use right for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed
           term of 2 to 50 years (2022: 2 to 50 years), but may have extension options as described below.
           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
           conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non–cancellable period,
           the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
           enforceable.

           The Group regularly entered into short–term leases for property. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022,
           the portfolio of short–term leases is similar to the portfolio of short–term leases to which the short–term
           lease expense disclosed above.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group early terminated one lease in Laos which right-
           of-use assets of approximately RMB12,152,000 has been de–recognised (2022: the Group early
           terminated one lease in PRC and one lease in U.S.A. which right-of-use assets of approximately
           RMB7,346,000 has been de–recognised).

           Rent concessions
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, lessors of properties provided rent concessions to the
           Group through rent reductions of 100% over six months.

           The rent concessions in PRC and U.S.A. occurred as a direct consequence of Covid–19 pandemic
           and met of all of the conditions in IFRS 16.46B, and the Group applied the practical expedient not
           to assess whether the changes constitute lease modifications. During the year ended 31 December
           2022, the effects on changes in lease payments due to forgiveness or waiver by the lessors for the
           relevant leases of RMB546,000 were recognised as negative variable lease payments.




176   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
   Extension options
   The Group has extension options in a number of leases for leased properties in the U.S.A.. These
   are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
   operations. The majority of extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the
   respective lessors.

   The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the
   extension options. The potential exposures to these future lease payments for extension options in
   which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise is summarised below:

                                                          Potential                               Potential
                                                       future lease                           future lease
                                                         payments                               payments
                                             Lease    not included             Lease         not included
                                         liabilities        in lease        liabilities            in lease
                                       recognised         liabilities     recognised             liabilities
                                              as at (undiscounted)              as at     (undiscounted)
                                              2023              2023            2022                   2022
                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000


   Clinics – U.S.A.                         73,599          131,775            88,545             145,309
   Office – U.S.A.                          13,490           17,558            16,085              26,861


   In addition, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option
   upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is
   within the control of the lessee. During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there is no
   such triggering event.




                                                          Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2022                                                                2,719,747
           Arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries (Notes 22 & 39)                          542,941
           Exchange realignment                                                               222,037

           At 31 December 2022                                                              3,484,725
           Exchange realignment                                                                11,258

           At 31 December 2023                                                              3,495,983


           Particulars regarding impairment testing on goodwill are disclosed in Note 22.

      18. LICENSES
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2022 (Note a, Note b, Note c and Note d)                            1,317,963
           Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note e and Note 39)                      333,070
           Exchange realignment                                                                43,954

           At 31 December 2022 and 2023                                                     1,694,987

           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2022                                                                  79,777
           Provided for the year                                                              39,034
           Exchange realignment                                                                    *

           At 31 December 2022                                                               118,811
           Provided for the year                                                              45,028
           Exchange realignment                                                                    *

           At 31 December 2023                                                               163,839

           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2022                                                              1,576,176


           At 31 December 2023                                                              1,531,148

           *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.




178   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. LICENSES (Continued)
   At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of RMB1,531,148,000 (2022:
   RMB1,576,176,000) of licenses mainly comprises of licenses in Shenzhen, Laos, Wuhan, Chengdu
   and Kunming.

   Notes:

   a.   License with finite useful life in Shenzhen

        The amount is determined based on the acquisition–date fair value of the medical practice license (“Medical
        Practice License”) upon the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital on 31 January 2017. Based on the
        capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice
        License and the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Shenzhen
        Zhongshan Hospital to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry
        practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 2.4 years
        at date of acquisition and is renewable every 5 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 32.4 years at its
        acquisition in January 2017.

   b.   License with indefinite useful life in Laos

        The Group entered into an agreement for the acquisition of a Medical Practice License from a third party, Rhea
        International Medical Center in Laos with a consideration of RMB40,166,000 on 29 February 2020. The license has
        a legal life of one year but is renewable every year at minimal cost. The Directors are of the opinion that the Group
        would renew the license continuously and has the ability to do so. The license is considered by the management of
        the Group to have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and
        will not be amortised until its useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead it is tested for impairment annually
        and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the license
        acquired are disclosed in Note 22.

   c.   License with finite useful life in Wuhan

        The acquisition–date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Wuhan
        Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,. Ltd (“Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”) on 14 July 2020. Based
        on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical
        Practice License and the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Wuhan
        Jinxin Hospital to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice
        to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 9.5 years at date of
        acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 39.5 years at its acquisition in
        July 2020.

   d.   License with finite useful life in Chengdu

        The acquisition–date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinxin
        Medical Group on 26 November 2021. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring
        significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Jinxin Medical Group to maintain
        certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous
        renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 10.1 years at date of acquisition and is
        renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 40.1 years at its acquisition in November 2021.

   e.   License with finite useful life in Kunming

        The acquisition–date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Kunming
        Group on 13 July 2022. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on
        the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Kunming Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe that
        it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License,
        which has a legal life of 6 years at date of acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated
        useful life of 36 years at its acquisition in July 2022.




                                                                         Annual Report 2023       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      19. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT
                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2022                                 20,276
           Exchange realignment                               1,877


           At 31 December 2022                               22,153
           Exchange realignment                                 321


           At 31 December 2023                               22,474


           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2022                                    448
           Provided for the year                              1,393
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2022                                1,841
           Provided for the year                              1,459
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2023                                3,300


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2022                               20,312


           At 31 December 2023                               19,174

           *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.




180   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




20. CONTRACTUAL RIGHT TO PROVIDE MANAGEMENT SERVICES
                                                                                                    RMB’000


  COST
  At 1 January 2022                                                                                1,797,310
  Exchange realignment                                                                               166,011


  At 31 December 2022                                                                              1,963,321
  Exchange realignment                                                                                33,292


  At 31 December 2023                                                                              1,996,613


  Contractual right to provide management services was acquired through the acquisition of HRC
  Management and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “HRC Management Group”) on 24
  December 2018.

  Contractual right to provide management services represents the MSA with HRC Medical for a period
  of 20 years which will automatically be extended for one additional year on each anniversary date
  unless terminated.

  On 22 January 2019, the overall management service arrangement was reviewed by the Group and,
  among others, the MSA was replaced with the new MSA (“New MSA”) to optimise the overall business
  arrangement. The scope of service under the MSA and the New MSA generally remains the same.
  Under the New MSA, the management fee is equal to 90% of all gross revenue of HRC Medical
  accrued during the preceding month, subject to adjustment stated in the New MSA. The New MSA
  has a term of 20 years commencing from 1 January 2019 and shall automatically extend for one
  additional year on each anniversary date unless terminated.

  Contractual right to provide management services is considered by the management of the Group to
  have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and
  will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it is tested for impairment
  annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding
  impairment testing are disclosed in Note 22.




                                                              Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      21. TRADEMARKS
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2022 (Note a)                                                                                  2,151,480
           Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 39 and Note b)                                                 309,096
           Exchange realignment                                                                                          184,287


           At 31 December 2022                                                                                         2,644,863
           Exchange realignment                                                                                           19,334


           At 31 December 2023                                                                                         2,664,197

           Notes:

           a.    The Group’s trademarks as at 1 January 2022 were acquired through the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan
                 Hospital, HRC Management Group, an asset acquisition in the U.S.A, Jinxin Women Group and Jinxin Medical
                 Group on 31 January 2017, 24 December 2018, 25 September 2020, 5 September 2021 and 26 November 2021.
                 The trademark acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has a legal life of 10 years but is renewable every 10
                 years at minimal cost, the trademarks of HRC Medical from the acquisition of HRC Management Group have legal
                 lives of 10 years and are renewable for same consecutive period six months before expiry at minimal cost, the
                 trademark acquired from an asset acquisition in the U.S.A. for the use of HRC Management Group has legal life of
                 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks acquired from Jinxin Women Group
                 has a legal life of one year but is renewable every year at minimal cost and the trademark acquired from Jinxin
                 Medical Group has a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost. The Directors are of
                 the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to do so. The trademarks
                 are considered by the management of the Group to have an indefinite useful life because they are expected
                 to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to
                 be finite. Instead they are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be
                 impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital,
                 HRC Management Group, an asset acquisition in U.S.A., Jinxin Women Group and Jinxin Medical Group are
                 disclosed in Note 22.

           b.    During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group acquired Kunming Group on 13 July 2022. Trademarks
                 acquired from Kunming Group has a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost.
                 The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to
                 do so. The trademarks are considered by the management of the Group to have indefinite useful lives because
                 they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives
                 are determined to be finite. The acquisition–date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the
                 aggregate value of the trademarks as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach,
                 which is, among others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the use of their respective trademarks.
                 The estimated future cash flows involves key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate
                 and pre–tax discount rate. The trademarks are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication
                 that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Kunming
                 Group are disclosed in Note 22.




182   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
  trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement acquired set out in Notes 17, 20, 21, 18 and 19,
  respectively, have been allocated to seven (2022: eight) individual CGUs and a group of CGUs (2022:
  one group of CGUs). During the year ended 31 December 2023, the goodwill of Shenzhen Innovation
  Group has been reallocated to Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital due to business integration between
  Shenzhen Innovation Group and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. The carrying amounts of goodwill,
  contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement
  as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 allocated to these CGUs are as follows:

                                                                Contractual right to
                                                               provide management
                                           Goodwill                  services                   Trademarks                Licenses            Non-compete agreement
                                       as at 31 December        as at 31 December           as at 31 December        as at 31 December          as at 31 December
                                         2023          2022        2023         2022           2023          2022       2023          2022        2023        2022
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000


  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital         221,637     197,123             –                –    246,900     246,900      335,508       348,664           –              –
  HRC Management Group                622,697     612,311      1,996,613   1,963,321       1,108,410   1,089,928           –              –          –              –
  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital               118,865     118,865             –                –          –             –    342,329       351,833           –              –
  Jinrui Medical Center                     –              –          –                –          –             –     40,166         40,166          –              –
  Jinxin Women Group                   61,297         60,422          –                –     59,718      58,866            –              –      19,174     20,312
  Jinxin Medical Group               1,953,063   1,953,063            –                –    940,073     940,073      493,182       506,298           –              –
  Shenzhen Innovation Group                 –         24,517          –                –          –             –          –              –          –              –
  Kunming Group                       470,973     470,973             –                –    309,096     309,096      319,963       329,215           –              –
  Chengdu Yongshenghengfu
      Business Management Co., Ltd
      (“Yongshenghengfu”)*             47,451         47,451          –                –          –             –          –              –          –              –


                                     3,495,983   3,484,725     1,996,613   1,963,321       2,664,197   2,644,863    1,531,148     1,576,176      19,174     20,312


  *        The goodwill acquired by the Group during the business combination of Yongshenghengfu on 22 December 2022
           has, from the acquisition date, been allocated to a group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the business combination. The group of CGUs includes Jinxin Medical Group and Chengdu Xinan Clinic
           (collectively refer to “Chengdu Group”).


  The impairment assessment is based on a valuation by an independent professional valuer engaged
  by the Group.

  In addition to goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses, and
  non-compete agreement above, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (including
  allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill, contractual
  right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement are also
  included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

  The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGUs and its major underlying assumptions are
  summarised below. The recoverable amounts of these units and asset have been determined based
  on a value in use calculation.


                                                                                               Annual Report 2023               Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 20.0%, and declining growth rates of 15.6%
           to 6.0% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2023 (2022 a five-year period, a pre-tax
           discount rate of 20.0%, and declining growth rates of 33.0% to 10.0%). The remaining forecast cash
           flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a one-year period using declining growth rate
           5% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2023 (2022: a one-year period using declining
           growth rate 6%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 18.5%, and declining growth rates of 22.7%
           to 16.2% to for HRC Management Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax
           discount rate of 18.5%, and declining growth rates of 28.1% to 20.3%). The remaining forecast cash
           flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a two-year period from 12.1% to 7.5% for HRC
           Management Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a two-year period from 16.8% to 9.8%), and then a
           steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 18.7%, and declining growth rates of 75.5% to
           20% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
           of 18.7%, and declining growth rates of 224.7% to 8%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond
           that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 12.6%
           to 4% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2023 (2022: a three-year period using declining
           growth rates from 6% to 3%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 37.9%, and declining growth rates of 318.3%
           (one year after commencement of operations) to 12.3% for Jinrui Medical Center at 31 December
           2023 (2022: a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 42.1%, and declining growth rates of 143.9%
           (one year after commencement of operations) to 12.3%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the
           units thereafter (2022: 4.9%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.4%, and declining growth rates of 5% to
           4% for Jinxin Women Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
           of 17.4%, and declining growth rates of 5% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units
           thereafter (2022: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 17.2%
           to 7.3% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount
           rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 15.3% to 7%, except for the decrease rate of 8% for the
           year ending 31 December 2023). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that five-year period are
           extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 6.2% to 4.1% for Jinxin Medical
           Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a three-year period using declining growth rates from 9.6% to
           7%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).



184   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)
  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 16%, and declining growth rates of 21.9% to
  13% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
  16%, and declining growth rates of 21.8% to 18.8%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
  five-year period are extrapolated for a five-year period using declining growth rates from 12.1% to
  6.8% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period using declining growth rates
  from 15.5% to 8.4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 9.4% to
  8.1% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
  15.3%, and declining growth rates of 12.6% to 11.2%), The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
  five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 6.8% to
  4% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2023 (2022: a three-year period using declining growth rates
  from 8% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2022: 3%).

  Key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows
  which include growth rates of revenue and gross margin rate. Such estimation is based on the
  relevant unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. For
  the financial forecasts used for the value in use calculation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC
  Management Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming
  Group and Chengdu Group are over five-year period as the Group is confident that these projections
  are reliable and they can demonstrate its ability, based on past experience, to forecast cash flows
  accurately over the respective extrapolated periods.

  As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Directors determined that there is no impairment of these
  CGUs containing goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses
  and non-compete agreement.

  The recoverable amount of the CGU of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC management
  Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical
  Group, Kunming Group and Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying amount by RMB152,863,000,
  RMB79,700,000, RMB46,341,000, RMB807,000, RMB10,126,000, RMB39,898,000, RMB95,206,000
  and RMB3,387,944,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: the recoverable amount of the CGU of
  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC management Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical
  Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Shenzhen Innovation Group, Kunming
  Group and Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying amount by RMB153,639,000, RMB172,792,000,
  RMB97,718,000, RMB888,000, RMB7,179,000, RMB18,281,000, RMB35,035,000, RMB109,987,000
  and RMB3,070,398,000).




                                                         Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           The table below sets forth (i) each key assumption that is used in goodwill, trademarks, contractual
           right to provide management services, licenses and non-compete agreement impairment testing at
           31 December 2023 and 2022; and (ii) the effect of the reasonably possible change in each of the
           key assumptions as determined by the Directors (with all other variables remained constant) on the
           calculation of value in use of the CGUs of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Shenzhen
           Innovation Group, Kunming Group, and Chengdu Group:

           Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU below/over
                                                                              Changes in key          its carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      15.6% to 3%    Decrease by 1%                (5,324)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (157,164)

           Gross margin rate                                41.8% to 43.4%   Decrease by 1%               115,803
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                78,743

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      20%    Increase by 0.5%             126,110
                                                                               Increase by 1%             101,158

           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU below/over
                                                                              Changes in key          its carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                        33% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (12,361)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (170,361)

           Gross margin rate                                42.8% to 49.3%   Decrease by 1%                98,639
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                43,639

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      20%    Increase by 0.5%             124,639
                                                                               Increase by 1%              97,639



186   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)
  HRC Management Group
  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                        (Deficits)
                                                                                  of recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                                      CGU below
                                                        Changes in key               its carrying
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption                    amounts
                                                                                         RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     22.7% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                    (468,584)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (987,997)

  Gross margin rate                  34% to 51%         Decrease by 1%                     (24,818)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (128,933)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   18.5%        Increase by 0.5%                    (78,754)
                                                         Increase by 1%                   (224,571)

  At 31 December 2022

                                                                              (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                 of recoverable
                                                                                 amount of the
                                                                               CGU below/over
                                                        Changes in key              its carrying
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption                  amounts
                                                                                        RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     28.1% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                     (62,717)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (252,837)

  Gross margin rate               37.5% to 50.5%        Decrease by 1%                      80,326
                                                        Decrease by 2%                     (12,140)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   18.5%        Increase by 0.5%                     36,857
                                                         Increase by 1%                    (89,993)




                                                   Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                 (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                    of recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                                                  CGU below/over
                                                                               Changes in key          its carrying
           Key assumption                                        Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                           RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                       75.5% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (34,357)
                                                                              Decrease by 2%              (111,314)

           Gross margin rate                                  18% to 45.8%    Decrease by 1%                29,001
                                                                              Decrease by 2%                11,662

           Pre-tax discount rate                                     18.7%    Increase by 0.5%              23,093
                                                                                Increase by 1%               1,534

           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                        Surplus of
                                                                                                       recoverable
                                                                                                     amount of the
                                                                               Changes in key         CGU over its
           Key assumption                                        Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      224.7% to 3%    Decrease by 1%                70,992
                                                                              Decrease by 2%                45,431

           Gross margin rate                                -10.5% to 44.7%   Decrease by 1%                79,735
                                                                              Decrease by 2%                61,751

           Pre-tax discount rate                                     18.7%    Increase by 0.5%              74,497
                                                                                Increase by 1%              52,846




188   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)
  Jinrui Medical Center
  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                    (Deficits) of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    318.3% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                       (4,186)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                       (8,956)

  Gross margin rate                  24% to 63%         Decrease by 1%                         (533)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                       (1,873)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   37.9%        Increase by 0.5%                        (244)
                                                         Increase by 1%                      (1,256)

  At 31 December 2022

                                                                                    (Deficits) of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   143.9% to 4.9%        Decrease by 1%                       (2,509)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                       (5,762)

  Gross margin rate               22.8% to 70.8%        Decrease by 1%                         (104)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                       (1,095)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   42.1%        Increase by 0.5%                        (351)
                                                         Increase by 1%                      (1,543)




                                                   Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           Jinxin Women Group
           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                         (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                            of recoverable
                                                                                             amount of the
                                                                         Changes in key CGU below/over   its
           Key assumption                                   Base case       assumption   carrying amounts
                                                                                                   RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     5% to 3%   Decrease by 1%               (11,197)
                                                                        Decrease by 2%               (31,790)

           Gross margin rate                                     51%    Decrease by 1%                4,644
                                                                        Decrease by 2%                 (837)

           Pre-tax discount rate                               17.4%    Increase by 0.5%               3,696
                                                                          Increase by 1%              (2,302)

           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                         (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                            of recoverable
                                                                                             amount of the
                                                                         Changes in key CGU below/over its
           Key assumption                                   Base case       assumption   carrying amounts
                                                                                                   RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     5% to 3%   Decrease by 1%                (3,040)
                                                                        Decrease by 2%                (4,641)

           Gross margin rate                                     51%    Decrease by 1%                 2,137
                                                                        Decrease by 2%                (2,904)

           Pre-tax discount rate                              17.40%    Increase by 0.5%                 750
                                                                          Increase by 1%              (5,245)




190   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)
  Jinxin Medical Group
  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                    (Deficits) of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     17.2% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                    (456,529)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (925,524)

  Gross margin rate               40.5% to 40.9%        Decrease by 1%                     (50,766)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (141,430)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   15.3%        Increase by 0.5%                    (83,758)
                                                         Increase by 1%                   (197,605)

  At 31 December 2022

                                                                                    (Deficits) of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue       -8% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                    (469,393)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (928,204)

  Gross margin rate               37.1% to 43.1%        Decrease by 1%                     (73,244)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (164,804)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   15.3%        Increase by 0.5%                   (106,491)
                                                         Increase by 1%                   (235,582)




                                                   Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           Kunming Group
           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                             (Deficits) surplus of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key CGU below/over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption    carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      21.9% to 3%    Decrease by 1%              (156,838)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (392,055)

           Gross margin rate                                43.1% to 53.9%   Decrease by 1%                55,785
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                16,364

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      16%    Increase by 0.5%              34,952
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (20,465)

           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                              (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                 of recoverable
                                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key CGU below/over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption   carrying amounts
                                                                                                        RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      21.8% to 3%    Decrease by 1%              (150,781)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (394,008)

           Gross margin rate                                 39% to 50.1%    Decrease by 1%                68,727
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                27,467

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      16%    Increase by 0.5%              50,807
                                                                               Increase by 1%              (3,770)




192   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
  a.   Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL
                                                                                                     RMB’000


       At 1 January 2022                                                                               169,930
       Deemed disposal of partial preferred shares (Note 23(b)(ii))                                     (1,717)
       Loss on fair value change                                                                       (76,733)
       Exchange realignment                                                                             14,263


       At 31 December 2022                                                                             105,743
       Disposal of partial preferred shares (Note 23(b)(i))                                           (102,514)
       Loss on fair value change                                                                             –
       Exchange realignment                                                                              3,823


       At 31 December 2023                                                                               7,052


  b.   Interests in associates accounted for using equity method
                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


       Cost of interests in associates applying the equity method                    –                         –
       Capital injection (Note i)                                              164,469
       Less: Share of loss reallocated from amount due from an
                associate                                                          (6,889)                     –
       Share of profit in the current year                                          5,109
       Exchange realignment                                                        (3,258)                     –


                                                                               159,431                         –


       Amounts due from an associate                                                    –               39,392
       Less: Share of post-acquisition loss that are excess of the
                cost of investment                                                      –              (11,237)
       Add: Share of post-acquisition loss reversed upon disposal
               of an associate                                                          –                4,348


                                                                                        –               32,503


       Amounts due from an associate                                                    –               32,503




                                                              Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           Details of each of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                            Country of         Principal       Proportion of           Proportion of
                                            incorporation/     place of    ownership interest held   voting rights held      Principal
           Name of entities                 registration       business        by the Group            by the Group          activity
                                                                               2023           2022     2023           2022


           Mengmei Life Pty. Limited        Cayman Islands     U.S.A.            N/A          28%       N/A           28%    Assisted
            (“Mengmei”)(Note i)                                                                                              Reproduction
                                                                                                                             agency

           KangSeed Technology Limited      Cayman Islands     China         5.788%        5.788%    5.788%        5.788%    Assisted
             (“KangSeed”)(Note ii)                                                                                           reproduction
                                                                                                                             services

           Jinxin International Medical     Cayman Islands     U.S.A.           49%           49%      49%            49%    Assisted
             Service Company Limited                                                                                         reproduction
             (Note i)                                                                                                        agency

           Notes:

           i.     On 21 July 2020, the Group acquired 35,000,000 preferred shares with a substantive redemption feature of
                  Mengmei at a consideration of US$13,366,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB87,210,000). On 30 April 2023,
                  Mengmei redeemed the said preferred shares from the Group at a consideration of US$14,187,000 (equivalent
                  to approximately RMB102,514,000) (the “Consideration Payable”) and as a result, the Group no longer holds any
                  direct interest in Mengmei as at 31 December 2023.

                  On 29 June 2023, Jinxin International Medical Services Company Limited (“Jinxin International”), an associate of
                  the Company with 49% shares held, issued an aggregate of 4,920,000,000 shares to Mengmei at a consideration
                  of US$22,761,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB164,469,000), and undertook Mengmei’s Consideration
                  Payable to the Group to acquire certain subsidiaries of Mengmei. On 30 June 2023, Jinxin International issued an
                  aggregate of 4,920,000,000 shares to the Group at an aggregate consideration of US$22,761,000 (equivalent to
                  approximately RMB164,469,000), which were settled by (1) a consideration payable of US$8,574,000 (equivalent
                  to approximately RMB61,955,000), plus (2) discharging the Consideration Payable. The consideration payable
                  of US$8,574,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB61,955,000) was partially settled by offsetting against certain
                  receivables of the Group from Jinxin International at an equivalent total amount of approximately RMB37,089,000.
                  The remaining outstanding consideration payable to Jinxin International amounting to US$3,441,000 (equivalent to
                  approximately RMB24,866,000) was settled on 27 October 2023.

                  Jinxin International also issued another 200,816,000 shares to its other shareholder at a consideration of
                  US$929,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,713,000). Therefore, the Group continues to hold 49% interest in
                  Jinxin International and is able to exercise significant influence over Jinxin International.




194   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   ii.   On 23 September 2020, the Group acquired 5,564,997 preferred shares with a capital injection feature of
         KangSeed at a consideration of US$10,060,000 (equivalent to RMB65,641,000). The Group paid US$3,000,000
         (equivalent to RMB19,575,000) during the year ended 31 December 2020. On 31 December 2022, the Group
         discharged its obligation of the unpaid consideration at its discretion given the payment conditions has not been
         fulfilled by KangSeed and 3,905,455 preferred shares were forfeited accordingly and a gain of RMB36,310,000
         was recognised in profit or loss. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over KangSeed because it has
         the power to appoint one out of seven directors of KangSeed under its articles of association. The preferred shares
         with a substantive redemption feature held by the Group were not accounted for as part of the Group’s investment
         for applying the equity method because the ordinary shares of KangSeed do not have an equivalent feature of
         preferred shares. Financial interests in KangSeed that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment for applying
         the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Therefore, the interest in KangSeed is
         measured at FVTPL. The fair value of the Group’s interest in KangSeed as at 31 December 2023 was US$996,000
         (equivalent to RMB7,052,000) (2022: US$996,000 (equivalent to RMB6,935,000)) of which the fair value hierarchy
         is classified as Level 3.


   No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in associates which are measured using
   the equity method or at fair value is disclosed as the associates are immaterial.

24. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                RMB’000


   At 1 January 2022                                                                                             177,747
   Loss on fair value change (Note i)                                                                             (5,526)
   Disposal (Note i)                                                                                            (127,320)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                            8,338
   Derecognised upon acquisition of a subsidiary (Note i & Note 39)                                              (53,239)


   At 31 December 2022                                                                                                  –
   Purchase (Note ii)                                                                                              80,000


   At 31 December 2023                                                                                             80,000




                                                                      Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      24. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (Continued)
           Notes:

           i.    During the year ended 31 December 2021, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility acquired 10% equity interests in Guangdong
                 Kangzhi, which holds 51% equity interests in each of Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital, at
                 a consideration of RMB37,740,000. In addition, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Jinxin Fertility
                 Group (BVI) Company Limited, subscribed 15% limited partnership interest in 天津濱海遠欣股權投資中心 (有限合夥)
                 (Tianjin Binhai Yuanxin Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership), “Binhai Yuanxin”) at a total consideration
                 of approximately US$17,250,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB111,504,000). Binhai Yuanxin indirectly holds
                 89.9663% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital and 99.9625% equity interests in each of Guangzhou
                 Yunzhicai and Guangzhou Hejia. Guangzhou Yunzhicai holds 49% equity interests in Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital, and
                 Guangzhou Hejia holds 49% of equity interests in Kunming Hewanjia Hospital. Accordingly, the Group was entitled
                 to approximately 19.33% economic interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital.

                 On 9 June 2022, Jinxin Fertility Group (BVI) Company Limited, disposed 15% limited partnership interest in
                 Binhai Yuanxin at total consideration of RMB127,320,000, representing cash consideration of US$16,290,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB108,838,000) and discharged of residual payables of US$2,307,000 (equivalent
                 to approximately RMB18,482,000).

                 On 13 July 2022, the Group acquired additional 90% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi, 89.7959% equity
                 interests in Guangzhou Yunzhicai and 89.7959% equity interests in Guangzhou Hejia at a total consideration of
                 RMB954,125,000. Upon completion, the Group (i) owns 100% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi, 89.7959%
                 equity interests in Guangzhou Yunzhicai and 89.7959% equity interests in Guangzhou Hejia, respectively.

                 As part of the acquisition, Jinrun Fude, a 100% owned structured entity of the Group, entered into a capital
                 injection agreement with each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital to subscribe for
                 30% equity interests, therefore diluting (i) Guangdong Kangzhi’s and Guangzhou Yunzhicai’s interests in
                 Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital to 35.7% and 34.3%, respectively, and (ii) Guangdong Kangzhi’s and Guangzhou
                 Hejia’s interests in Kunming Hewanjia Hospital to 35.7% and 34.3%, respectively. Consequently, the Group
                 ultimately controls 66.5% equity interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital
                 through Guangdong Kangzhi, Guangzhou Yunzhicai and Guangzhou Hejia, and controls 30% equity interests in
                 each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital through Jinrun Fude by virtue of contractual
                 arrangements. As such, the Group is entitled to approximately 96.5% economic interests in each of Yunnan
                 Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital. Particulars regarding the acquisition is disclosed in Note 39.

           ii.   On 26 November 2023, Xizang Jinli Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, acquired 7.52%
                 of the aggregate committed capital in WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                 (“WP Partnership”), a comprehensive investment fund, as a limited partner with a total subscribe capital of
                 RMB200,000,000. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the capital amounting to RMB80,000,000 was
                 injected by the Group.




196   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Cost of interest in a joint venture                                                       28,500                   3,500
  Capital injection                                                                              –                  25,000
  Share of result of a joint venture                                                        (3,407)                 (3,246)


                                                                                            25,093                  25,254


  Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                               Country of        Principal       Proportion of             Proportion of
                               incorporation/    place of    ownership interest held     voting rights held     Principal
  Name of entity               registration      business        by the Group              by the Group         activity
                                                                 2023         2022         2023          2022


  成都錦欣尚輝企業                     China             China            50%          50%          50%         50%     Information
   管理有限公司                                                                                                       marketing
   Chengdu Jinxin.
   Shanghui Enterprise
   Management Co.,Ltd
   (“Jinxin Shanghui”)*

  Note:

  *       English name is for identification only.


  No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in a joint venture is disclosed as the
  joint venture is immaterial.

26. INVENTORIES
                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Pharmaceutical products                                                                   29,345                  26,170
  Consumables and others                                                                    33,083                  36,375


                                                                                            62,428                  62,545




                                                                     Annual Report 2023       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      27. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


           Accounts receivables                                                                      73,086                83,319
           Other receivables and prepayments:
             Prepayments on acquisitions of equity interests (Note i)                              153,436                153,082
             Prepayments to a director of a subsidiary (Note ii)                                    25,069                 37,587
             Prepayments to suppliers                                                               87,000                 83,133
             Interest receivables                                                                      226                    383
             Loan receivables (Note iii)                                                            28,431                 27,187
             Others                                                                                 15,148                 14,194


                                                                                                   382,396                398,885


           Less: Loan receivables classified as non-current assets (Note iii)                      (28,431)                (6,699)
                 Prepayments classified as non-current assets                                     (184,595)              (203,506)


           Accounts and other receivables classified as current assets                             169,370                188,680

           Notes:

           i.     The amount mainly represents an investment agreement entered in December 2022 between the Group and
                  Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd, which is the holding company of Jinxin Aijian, and
                  mutually agreed to transfer the amounts due from Jinxin Aijian amounting to RMB132,188,000 as the prepayment to
                  future equity investment in Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.

           ii.    With effect from 1 December 2022 to 30 November 2025, a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is entitled to
                  an aggregate remuneration of HK$43,300,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB38,661,000).

           iii.   The amount represent US$3,025,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB21,723,000) (2022: US$2,942,000
                  (equivalent to approximately RMB20,488,000)) loan receivable from a shareholder of an associate and US$969,000
                  (equivalent to approximately RMB6,708,000) (2022: US$962,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,699,000)) loan
                  receivable from IVF Universal, LLC, a supplier to the Group. These amounts are unsecured and interest-free. The
                  loan receivable from a supplier is contracted to collect in 2026 and the loan receivable from a shareholder of an
                  associate is expected to collect in 2026 (2022: the loan receivable from a supplier is expected to collect in 2024)
                  and are therefore classified as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 1 January 2022, accounts receivables amounted to RMB64,330,000.

           The individual customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Wuhan Jinxin
           Hospital, Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd (“HK ARC”), Hong Kong Reproductive Health
           Centre Ltd (“HK RHC”), Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia
           Hospital would usually settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards or governments’ social
           insurance schemes. Payments by governments’ social insurance schemes will normally be settled
           by the local social insurance bureau and similar government departments which are responsible for
           the reimbursement of medical expenses for patients who are covered by the government medical
           insurance schemes from 30 to 90 days from the transaction date.




198   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




27. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The individual customers of HRC Management Group would usually settle by cash or payments
   through insurance schemes. Payments by insurance schemes will normally be settled by commercial
   insurance companies from 60 to 365 days from the transaction date.

   The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital usually settle by
   cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days from the transaction date.

   The Directors are of the view that there have been no significant increase in credit risk of default
   because the amounts are from local social insurance bureau, similar government departments or
   insurance companies with good credit rating and continuous repayment.

   The accounts receivables are assessed individually for impairment allowance based on the Group’s
   historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
   economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forward-looking information
   at the reporting date. The Directors considered that the ECL for accounts receivables is insignificant
   as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

   In determining the recoverability of accounts receivables, the management of the Group considers
   any change in the credit quality of the accounts receivables from the date credit was initially granted
   up to the end of the reporting period.

   The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date at the
   end of each reporting period.

                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


   Within 90 days                                                                44,408               46,768
   91 to 180 days                                                                16,653               22,496
   Over 180 days                                                                 12,025               14,055


                                                                                 73,086               83,319


   The Directors closely monitor the credit quality of accounts and other receivables and consider the
   debts are of a good credit quality.

   Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables are set out in Note 45.




                                                            Annual Report 2023    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES
           (a) Amounts due from related parties
                                                                               2023      2022
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


                 Trade in nature
                 Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital       95,135    62,773
                   (Notes i & ii)*
                 成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司                                              54,647    42,849
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.)
                   (Notes i & iii)*
                 HRC Medical (Note iv)                                       39,704    36,914
                 成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                    53        46
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note v)*
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                 120        12
                   (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd.)
                   (Notes i & ii)*
                 成都喜馬拉雅藏醫醫院有限公司                                                   –         9
                   (Chengdu Himalayan Tibetan Medical Hospital Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note vi)*
                 Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note vii)      6,951         –
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates          15,549    39,242
                   (Notes i & ii)


                                                                            212,159   181,845


                 Non-trade in nature
                 Loan receivable:
                   成都錦霖企業管理有限公司                                              28,368    28,368
                     (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd)
                     (Notes i & viii)*
                 Other receivables:
                   Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates         1,528     1,125
                     (Notes i & ii)


                                                                             29,896    29,493


                 Total                                                      242,055   211,338


                 Analysed as:
                   Current                                                  213,687   211,338
                   Non-current                                               28,368         –


                                                                            242,055   211,338


200   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
       Notes:

       *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
               directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

       (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
               Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

       (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (2022: 365 days) at the end of the reporting period.

       (iii)   The amount represents receivable from Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd. in relation to
               management services provided in accordance with the IVF specialty collaboration agreements. The Group
               allows a credit period of within 365 days to Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.

       (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. Holding, LLC (“HRC
               Investment”). The amount represents receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services
               provided in accordance with the “MSA”. The amount is unsecured and interest-free. The trade balance at
               31 December 2023 based on invoice date is aged within 90 days (2022: 90 days) and not past due nor
               impaired.

       (v)     The entity is a subsidiary of joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
               repayable on demand.

       (vi)    The entity was disposed by its shareholder, which is one of the same beneficial shareholders with
               the company during the year ended 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: has the same beneficial
               shareholders with the company and the amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand).

       (vii)   The entity is an associate of the company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
               demand.

       (viii) The amount of RMB28,368,000 (2022: RMB28,368,000) due from Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management
              Co., Ltd. is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. As at 31 December 2023, the amount is
              expected by the Directors not to be collected within one year and is therefore classified as non-current.


       Details of impairment assessment of amounts due from related parties are set out in Note 45.




                                                                      Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (b) Amounts due to related parties
                                                                                  2023      2022
                                                                               RMB’000   RMB’000


                 Trade in nature
                 Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital               –     1,485
                   (Note i)*
                 成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                    1,006     1,471
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note ii)*
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                    220       542
                   (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd) (Note i)*
                 Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note iii)           249         –
                 Gender Selection Australia (Notes iv & v)                          97         –
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)     6,602    15,610


                                                                                 8,174    19,108


                 Non-trade in nature
                 Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital               –     5,426
                   (Notes i & v)
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                  2,000     3,510
                   (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd)
                   (Notes i & v)*
                 成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                        –     3,003
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note ii)*
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates              2,090    16,481
                   (Notes i & v)*


                                                                                 4,090    28,420


                 Total                                                          12,264    47,528




202   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (b) Amounts due to related parties (Continued)
       Notes:

       *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
               directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

       (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
               Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

       (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the Company’s joint venture. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
               repayable on demand.

       (iii)   The entity is an associate of the company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
               demand.

       (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by a shareholder of HRC Investment.

       (v)     The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


       The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature
       presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


       Within 90 days                                                                        3,740                 7,067
       91 to 180 days                                                                        1,696                11,993
       Over 180 days                                                                         2,738                    48


                                                                                             8,174                19,108




                                                                      Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      29. LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company entered into a life insurance policy with
           an insurance company, HSBC Life (International) Limited, to insure Dr. Chan Chi Wai, a doctor
           and director of HK ARC and HK RHC. Under the policy, the Company is the beneficiary and policy
           holder and the total insured sum is US$10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB70,827,000).
           The Company is required to pay an upfront deposit of US$3,367,000 (equivalent to approximately
           RMB23,849,000)). The Company can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based
           on the account value (“Account Value”) of the policy at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by
           the upfront payment plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
           and policy expense charge. In addition, if the withdrawal is made between the first to eighteenth
           policy years, there is a specified amount of surrender charge deducted from the Account Value.
           The insurance company will pay the Company a guaranteed interest of 4.25% for the first year and
           a variable return per annum afterwards (with minimum guaranteed interest rate of 2% per annum)
           during the effective period of the policy. The Company does not have intention to terminate the
           insurance within twelve months after the end of the reporting period and therefore the insurance is
           classified as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           The life insurance policy is measured at the value quoted by the insurance company at end of each
           reporting period. The net loss on the life insurance policy are recognised in profit or loss.

      30. TIME DEPOSITS
           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into several deposit placements with
           banks in the PRC, Hong Kong and the U.S.A (2022: in the PRC, Hong Kong and Macau). The banks
           guaranteed 100% of the invested principal amount and fixed interest rate of 2% to 5.04% per annum
           (2022: 0.01% to 4.82% per annum). The contracts are with maturity from 90 days to three years as
           specified in the agreement (2022: 90 days as specified in the agreement).

           Details of impairment assessment of time deposits are set out in Note 45.

      31. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
           The balances represent wealth management products issued by financial institutions subscribed by
           the Group with no guaranteed principal and return, while the total expected return is up to 4.96%
           per annum for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: up to 4.3% per annum) depending on the
           performance of the underlying financial investments or the change in the interest rate as specified in
           the relevant deposits placement. The wealth management products are with a maturity period of 90
           days, or can be redeemable on demand (2022: a maturity period of 180 days to 182 days, or can be
           redeemable on demand).

           The wealth management products are classified as other financial assets at FVTPL on initial
           recognition as they contain embedded derivatives. The Directors consider the fair values of the
           wealth management products approximate to their carrying values at the end of the reporting period.




204   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




32. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
  Bank balances carried interest at market rates which range from 0.01% to 2% per annum as at 31
  December 2023 (2022: from 0.01% to 1.65% per annum).

  Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in Note 45.

33. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


  Accounts payables                                                           231,286                217,723


  Other payables:
    Consideration payable for Shenzhen Hengyu                                         –               37,234
    Consideration payable for acquisition of a subsidiary
      (Note 39)                                                                     –                 33,670
    Construction payables                                                      48,703                 86,435
    Loan payables (Note i)                                                    236,075                290,488
    Dividend payables                                                               –                 10,504
    Refundable customers’ deposits                                            141,636                100,734
    Accrued employee expenses (including social insurances
      and housing fund contributions)                                         137,959                159,052
    Provision                                                                  13,988                      –
    Value-added tax and other tax payables                                     12,494                 28,282
    Deferred income (Note ii)                                                  11,345                 10,081
    Interest payables                                                          14,015                 12,075
    Others                                                                     37,019                 30,562


                                                                              653,234                799,117


  Total accounts and other payables                                           884,520             1,016,840


  Less: Loan payables as non-current liabilities (Note i)                     (79,437)               (99,911)


  Total accounts and other payables as current liabilities                    805,083                916,929




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      33. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
           Notes:

           (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loan payables to the former shareholders of Shenzhen Hengyu.
                  Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement entered into on 4 February 2022, certain consideration is payable by the
                  Group to the former shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestones, which is due to be settled for
                  over one year. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2023, the amount of RMB79,437,000 is expected to be paid after
                  one year and is therefore classified as non-current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with
                  conditions not yet fulfilled.


           The credit period of accounts payables is from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

           The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at the
           end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


           Within 90 days                                                                           161,031               151,802
           91 to 180 days                                                                            34,265                16,954
           181 to 365 days                                                                           23,629                35,526
           Over 365 days                                                                             12,361                13,441


                                                                                                    231,286               217,723


      34. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


           Lease liabilities payable:
           Within one year                                                                           72,199                 63,256
           Within a period of more than one year
             but not more than two years                                                             72,660                 63,832
           Within a period of more than two years
             but not more than five years                                                           164,095               188,556
           Within a period of more than five years                                                  112,971               123,598


                                                                                                    421,925               439,242
           Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                   shown under current liabilities                                                  (72,199)               (63,256)


           Amount due for settlement after 12 months
            shown under non-current liabilities                                                     349,726               375,986




206   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




34. LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.3% (2022: 4.45%).

   As at 31 December 2023, RMB119,424,000 of lease liabilities payable is related to the lease entered
   with related parties (2022: RMB141,058,000).

35. DEFERRED TAXATION
                                                                   Fair value
                                                                 adjustment
                                                Accelerated     arising from
                                                         tax   acquisition of
                                                depreciation    subsidiaries         Tax losses             Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


   At 1 January 2022                                  6,396        1,004,945              (7,020)        1,004,321
   Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary
     (Note 39)                                            –           96,325             (4,242)            92,083
   (Credit) charged during the year (Note 11)          (357)          15,830            (75,341)           (59,868)
   Exchange realignment                                   –           63,224             (1,913)            61,311


   At 31 December 2022                                6,039        1,180,324            (88,516)         1,097,847
   (Credit) charged during the year (Note 11)          (811)          16,226            (31,478)           (16,063)
   Exchange realignment                                   –            8,927             (1,074)             7,853


   At 31 December 2023                                5,228        1,205,477           (121,068)        1,089,637


   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


   Deferred tax liabilities                                                      (1,210,705)          (1,186,363)
   Deferred tax assets                                                              121,068               88,516


                                                                                 (1,089,637)          (1,097,847)




                                                               Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. BANK BORROWING
                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


           Bank borrowing, guaranteed                                             2,127,468          2,089,296


           The carrying amounts of the above borrowing are repayable:

           Within one year                                                          747,804             18,618
           Within a period of more than one year
            but not exceeding two years                                           1,379,664            714,020
           Within a period of more than two years
            but not exceeding three years                                                  –         1,356,658


                                                                                  2,127,468          2,089,296


           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into certain new borrowings amounting
           to RMB640,062,000 mainly comprise of a new borrowing guaranteed by the Company amounting
           to RMB450,000,000 which carries a fixed interest rate of 3.8% per annum. The principle and the
           interests are repayable on 27 June 2024.

           On 28 December 2021, the Company obtained syndicated bank facility amounted to US$300,000,000
           (equivalent to approximately RMB2,070,678,000) which is guaranteed by the Company’s subsidiaries.
           Credit Suisse AG, Singapore branch, incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability, and China
           CITIC Bank International Limited act as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners of the syndicated
           bank facility. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company drew down the bank facility to
           its full amount. The loans carry interest at variable market rates of Secured Overnight Financing Rate
           plus a fixed interest of 2.2% and are repayable by installments of 15%, 20% and 65% of the principal
           upon 24, 30 and 36 months of the utilisation date.

           The Group has repaid US$55,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB381,101,000) of the loans in
           June 2023 and another US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB177,545,000) of the loans in
           November 2023. The outstanding amount of the loans are repayable by instalments of 8% and 65.0%
           of the principal upon 30 and 36 months of the utilisation date.




208   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
  On 26 November 2021, the Company issued unsecured convertible bonds denominated in HK$ with
  principal amount of HK$1,814,706,000 (equivalent to RMB1,500,000,000) (“Convertible Bonds”).
  The Convertible Bonds are interest bearing at 0.75% per annum on the principal amount of the
  Convertible Bonds with maturity date of 31 March 2023 and entitle the bondholder to convert them,
  in whole or in part (in integral multiples of HK$1,000,000) of the outstanding principal amount of the
  Convertible Bonds, into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of HK$15 per share
  (subject to adjustment rising from alteration of the nominal amount of the shares caused by any
  share consolidation, share subdivision, rights issue or any other reasons as provided in the terms
  and conditions of the Convertible Bonds) at any time during the period commencing from the date
  immediately following the issuance date of the Convertible Bonds up to the maturity date. Interest will
  be payable by the Company on the maturity date and no interest shall be payable by the Company in
  respect of the Convertible Bonds which have been converted in conversion shares. Unless previously
  converted or purchased and cancelled, the Company shall redeem the Convertible Bonds at 100%
  of its principal amount together with the accrued interest (calculated up to and including the date of
  redemption) by payment to the bondholder on the maturity date.

  At any time after the occurrence of a Triggering Event as defined below, the Company may, at its
  discretion, convert the whole or any part in integral multiples of HK$1,000,000 of the outstanding
  principal amount of the Convertible Bonds into shares at a conversion price of HK$15. A “Triggering
  Event” means the average of the closing prices per share for (i) any sixty consecutive trading days
  for the shares before maturity date (the “Relevant Period”), during which the daily trading volume
  of the shares shall be no less than 0.2% of the total number of shares in issue; and (ii) the last ten
  consecutive trading days before the end of the Relevant Period is equal to or greater than HK$15.

  The Convertible Bonds contain two components: debt component and derivative component. The
  Directors consider the value of derivative component (including the conversion options) of the
  Convertible Bonds to be insignificant as at 31 December 2022 given the mechanism of above
  early conversion right is intended to be exercised by the Company once the Triggering Event has
  occurred. The Convertible Bonds are considered to be deferred consideration payment in substance
  and discounted to its present value on initial recognition. The derivative component is considered
  to be immaterial. On initial recognition, the debt component is recognised at fair value and the fair
  value of the debt component is HK$1,825,537,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,496,941,000),
  measured at market price.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
           The Convertible Bonds had been fully redeemed on 30 March 2023.

           The movements of the Convertible Bonds for the year are set out as below:

                                                                                                Convertible
                                                                                                    bonds
                                                                                                  RMB’000


           At 1 January 2022                                                                      1,492,932
           Interest on the Convertible Bonds                                                          4,710
           Exchange realignment                                                                     138,417


           At 1 January 2023                                                                       1,636,059
           Interest on the Convertible Bonds                                                           1,310
           Redemption                                                                             (1,604,588)
           Exchange realignment                                                                      (32,781)


           At 31 December 2023                                                                               –


      38. SHARE CAPITAL
           The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                                 Number
                                                                of shares    Share capital     Share capital
                                                                                     US$           RMB’000


           Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
           Authorised:
             At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022
               and 31 December 2023                         5,000,000,000          50,000               345


           Issued:
             At 1 January 2022                              2,507,583,802          25,076               165
             Shares cancelled (Note i)                         (5,731,000)            (57)                *
             Issue of shares (Note ii)                         15,000,000             150                 1


               At 31 December 2022                          2,516,852,802          25,169               166


               Issue of shares (Note iii)                    204,060,994               2,041                14


               At 31 December 2023                          2,720,913,796          27,210               180

           *      The amount is less than RMB1,000.



210   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




38. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
   Notes:

   (i)     The 5,731,000 ordinary shares, which were repurchased in November 2021 at an aggregation consideration of
           HK$50,140,147 (equivalent to RMB40,593,000), were cancelled in March 2022.

           None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during
           the reporting period.

   (ii)    On 18 July 2022, 15,000,000 ordinary shares have been issued by the Company to a director of Shenzhen
           Zhongshan Hospital, through a subscription agreement at the price HK$6.50 per share. Proceeds amounting to
           US$150 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,000) represent the par value of the share issued were credited to the
           share capital of the Company, the remaining proceeds net of transaction costs of RMB82,962,000 were credited
           to the share premium. For details of the transaction, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 7 June
           2022.

   (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2023, 175,000,000 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company
           through a private placement arrangement at the price of HK$6.725 per share. Proceeds of US$1,750 (equivalent
           to approximately RMB12,000) represent the par value of the shares issued were credited to the share capital of
           the Company. The remaining proceeds net of transaction costs of HK$1,161,609,000 (equivalent to approximately
           RMB998,972,000) were credited to the share premium. For details of the transaction, please refer to the
           Company’s announcement dated 16 January 2023.

           In addition, 29,060,994 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to Jinxin 2nd ESOP Limited (“the second
           RSU Scheme’s Nominee”) for and on behalf of the Company.


39. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   a.      Acquisition of Kunming Group
           As disclosed in Note 24, the Group acquired an effective interest of 91.4% in Kunming Group
           during the year ended 31 December 2022. Therefore, the Group derecognised its 5.1% interest
           in Kunming Group which was previously classified as financial assets at FVTPL in 2021 and
           recognised a business acquisition during the current year. Kunming Group is principally
           engaged in the assisted reproductive services and ancillary medical services and it was
           acquired to continue the expansion of the Group’s assisted reproductive services and ancillary
           medical services business. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business
           using the acquisition method.




                                                                     Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           a.    Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
                                                                                                 RMB’000


                 Consideration
                 Cash transferred                                                                 920,455
                 Derecognised of financial assets at FVTPL upon acquisition of a subsidiary
                  (Note 24)                                                                        53,239
                 Consideration payable (Note 33)                                                   33,670


                 Total                                                                          1,007,364


                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition


                                                                                                 RMB’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                     19,491
                 Trademark                                                                        309,096
                 Deferred tax assets                                                                4,242
                 License                                                                          333,070
                 Inventories                                                                        8,502
                 Accounts and other receivables                                                    18,348
                 Other financial asset at FVTPL                                                    19,034
                 Bank balances and cash                                                            12,083
                 Accounts and other payables                                                      (43,658)
                 Amounts due to the Group                                                         (18,837)
                 Amounts due to related parties                                                    (9,100)
                 Tax payables                                                                        (100)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (96,325)


                 Total                                                                            555,846


                 The fair value of accounts and other receivables is RMB18,348,000 and includes accounts
                 receivables with a fair value of RMB526,000. The gross contractual amount for accounts and
                 other receivables due is RMB18,348,000.




212   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   a.   Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
        Non-controlling interests
        The non-controlling interests (3.5%) in Kunming Group recognised at the acquisition date was
        measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of
        Kunming Group and amounted to RMB19,455,000.

                                                                                                 RMB’000


        Goodwill arising on acquisition
        Consideration                                                                           1,007,364
        Plus: non-controlling interests (3.5% in Kunming Group)                                    19,455
        Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                          (555,846)


        Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                          470,973


        Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Kunming Group because the cost of the acquisition
        included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the acquisition effectively
        included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth, future
        market development and the assembled workforce of Kunming Group. These benefits are not
        recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
        identifiable intangible assets.

        None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

        Net cash outflow on acquisition of Kunming Group
                                                                                                 RMB’000


        Cash consideration paid                                                                    920,455
        Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                           (12,083)


                                                                                                   908,372


        Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
        Included in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 is loss attributable to the additional
        business generated by Kunming Group amounted RMB10,164,000. Revenue for the year ended
        31 December 2022 includes RMB92,425,000 generated from Kunming Group.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           a.    Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
                 Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group (Continued)
                 Had the acquisition of Kunming Group been completed on 1 January 2022, the profit for the year
                 ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB86,483,000 and the total revenue of the Group
                 for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB2,506,840,000. The pro forma
                 information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and
                 results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition
                 been completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

                 In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Kunming Group been
                 acquired at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2022, the Directors calculated
                 depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets based on
                 the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets at the date of
                 the acquisition.

           b.    Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu
                 On 25 May 2022, the Group acquired 100% interest in Shenzhen Hengyu at a cash
                 consideration of RMB37,234,000. Shenzhen Hengyu owns an industrial research and
                 development building located in Shenzhen which is now under construction.

                 The Group elected to apply the optional concentration test in accordance with IFRS 3 “Business
                 Combinations”. Consequently, the Group determined that substantially all of the fair value of the
                 gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) acquired is concentrated in the industrial
                 research and development building and concluded that the acquired set of activities and assets
                 is not a business.

                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                        1,376,666
                 Right-of-use assets                                                                    172,719
                 Accounts and other receivables                                                             800
                 Tax recoverable                                                                         30,360
                 Bank balances and cash                                                                  27,360
                 Loan payables                                                                         (482,405)
                 Construction payables                                                                 (898,055)
                 Bank borrowings                                                                       (190,211)


                 Total                                                                                   37,234




214   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   b.   Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu (Continued)
        Net cash outflow on acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu


                                                                                                 RMB’000


        Cash consideration paid                                                                          –
        Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                           (27,360)


                                                                                                   (27,360)


40. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   (a) Share Option Scheme
        The Company’s share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
        resolution passed on 3 June 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors
        and eligible employees. The Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of
        ten years, commencing from 3 June 2019. No share option was in issue pursuant to the Share
        Option Scheme at the end of the reporting period.

        The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
        under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
        in aggregate exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (“Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the Shares
        in issue immediately after the Listing (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and
        no exercise of any option which may be granted under the Share Option Scheme) unless the
        Company obtains an approval from its shareholders. Options lapsed in accordance with the
        terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme
        Mandate Limit. Moreover, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of
        all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any
        other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 30% of the Shares in
        issue from time to time.

        No option may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes
        of the Company if such Scheme Mandate Limited is exceeded.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b) RSU Scheme
                 On 15 February 2019 (the “First Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme
                 (the “2019 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of 2019 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
                 participants of 2019 RSU Scheme (the “2019 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to
                 acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards
                 enhancing the value of the Company and our Shares for the benefit of the Company and the
                 shareholders of the Company as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of
                 either retaining, incentivising, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits
                 to the 2019 Selected Participants. The 2019 RSU Scheme commences on the First Adoption
                 Date and remains valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the
                 period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of
                 directors of the Company.

                 The total number of the 2019 restricted share units (the “2019 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
                 pursuant to the 2019 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total 1.66% (i.e. 32,981,388 shares) of the
                 Company’s issued share capital as at the First Adoption Date (the “2019 RSU Scheme Limit”),
                 provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2019 RSU Scheme Limit
                 of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in
                 accordance with the 2019 RSU Scheme.

                 In addition, the Company approved a new RSU Scheme (the “2022 RSU Scheme”) on 17
                 February 2022 (the “Second Adoption Date”). The purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme are to (i)
                 provide the selected participants of the 2022 RSU Scheme (the “2022 Selected Participants”)
                 with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2022
                 Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for
                 the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with
                 a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or
                 providing benefits to the 2022 Selected Participants. The 2022 RSU Scheme commences on the
                 Second Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon
                 the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of
                 the board of directors of the Company.

                 The total number of the 2022 restricted share units (the “2022 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
                 pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total approximately 3% (i.e. 75,227,514
                 shares) of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Second Adoption Date (the “2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed
                 or vested in accordance with the 2022 RSU Scheme.

                 A deed of adherence dated 14 February 2019 was entered into between the Company and
                 Jinxin Employee Holdings Company Limited (“the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee”). On 15
                 February 2019, 32,981,388 shares were issued to the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and on
                 behalf of the Company. As of 31 December 2023, 8,441,601 shares were held by the first RSU
                 Scheme’s Nominee.




216   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




40. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
       Another deed of adherence dated 15 February 2023 was entered into between the Company
       and the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee. On 15 February 2023, 29,060,994 shares were issued
       to the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and on behalf of the Company. As of 31 December
       2023, 29,060,994 shares were held by the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee.

       The above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been
       deducted from shareholders’ equity as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in
       equity under “Shares held for Restricted Share Award Scheme”. As at 31 December 2023,
       the restricted shares granted to key management personnel, eligible employees, doctors of
       HRC Medical, a consultant of the Group and the Directors (2022: granted to key management
       personnel, eligible employees, doctors of HRC Medical and a consultant of the Group) are as
       follows:

                                           Number
                                        of options                                           Fair value at
       RSU granted to                      granted   Grant date          Expiry date           grant date       Vesting period


       Partner doctor of HRC Medical     3,921,700   15 February 2019    14 February 2029      17,733,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel          2,141,839   6 January 2020      14 February 2029      20,810,000            1–3 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
         of HRC Medical                  5,672,970   6 January 2020      14 February 2029      55,120,000            1–3 years
       Key management personnel          2,098,932   10 January 2021     14 February 2029      26,591,000     6 months–3 years
       Key management personnel            500,000   1 June 2021         14 February 2029       8,703,000     8 months–3 years
       Key management personnel            100,000   1 January 2022      14 February 2029         712,000      1 month–2 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
         of HRC Medical                  1,393,500   31 January 2022     14 February 2029      11,836,000      1 month–4 years
       Partner doctor of HRC Medical     1,990,710   31 January 2022     14 February 2029      12,639,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel            100,000   1 March 2022        14 February 2029         721,000    10 months–3 years
       A director of the Company        10,000,000   27 March 2023       16 February 2032      47,272,000            1–5 years
       The Directors                    18,062,247   23 August 2023      16 February 2032      62,869,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel and
         eligible employees             29,108,000   23 August 2023      16 February 2032     101,319,000            1–5 years

       The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU Scheme
       or for the exercise of the RSU.

       The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on 1 January 2022,
       31 January 2022,1 March 2022, 27 March 2023 and 23 August 2023. The fair value of the RSUs
       granted on 1 January 2022, 31 January 2022, 1 March 2022, 27 March 2023 and 23 August
       2023 were assessed to be RMB712,000, RMB24,475,000, RMB721,000, RMB47,272,000 and
       RMB164,188,000 respectively.




                                                                        Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
                 The table below discloses movement of the Company’s RSU granted held by the Selected
                 Participants at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                             Number of Awarded Shares
                                                       Outstanding      Granted        Exercised       Forfeited Outstanding at
                                                       at 1 January   during the      during the      during the  31 December
                                                               2023         year            year            year          2023


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel                      –            –               –                –
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical         1,568,680            –               –                –        1,568,680
                   Key management personnel                624,233            –        (577,687)         (26,666)          19,880
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                        1,937,744            –       (1,518,923)              –          418,821
                   Key management personnel              1,365,919            –         (214,070)              –        1,151,849
                   Key management personnel                375,000            –          (62,500)              –          312,500
                   Key management personnel                 66,667            –          (33,333)              –           33,334
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                        1,254,150             –       (139,350)               –        1,114,800
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical         1,990,710             –              –                –        1,990,710
                   Key management personnel                100,000             –        (33,333)               –           66,667
                   The Directors                                 –    28,062,247              –                –       28,062,247
                   Key management personnel and
                      eligible employees                         –    29,108,000               –               –       29,108,000

                                                         9,283,103    57,170,247      (2,579,196)        (26,666)      63,847,488

                                                                             Number of Awarded Shares
                                                       Outstanding      Granted        Exercised       Forfeited    Outstanding at
                                                       at 1 January   during the       during the     during the     31 December
                                                               2022         year             year           year             2022


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel              3,251,494             –      (3,251,494)              –                –
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical         2,353,020             –        (784,340)              –        1,568,680
                   Key management personnel              1,337,090             –        (461,192)       (251,665)         624,233
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                        3,784,457            –       (1,846,713)              –        1,937,744
                   Key management personnel              1,986,512            –         (620,593)              –        1,365,919
                   Key management personnel                500,000            –         (125,000)              –          375,000
                   Key management personnel                      –      100,000          (33,333)              –           66,667
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                                 –    1,393,500       (139,350)               –        1,254,150
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical                  –    1,990,710              –                –        1,990,710
                   Key management personnel                       –      100,000              –                –          100,000

                                                        13,212,573     3,584,210      (7,262,015)       (251,665)       9,283,103



218   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




40. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
       The Group recognised the total expense of RMB53,430,000 for the year ended 31 December
       2023 (2022: RMB33,024,000) in relation to RSU granted by the Company in the current year.

       At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that
       are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised
       in profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-based payment
       reserve.

41. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of property,
    plant and equipment contracted for but not
    provided in the consolidated financial statements                         97,908                82,739
   Commitment to WP Partnership (Note 24(ii))                                120,000                     –

                                                                             217,908                82,739

42. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
   The Group participates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF Scheme”) under the Hong
   Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
   of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan
   administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
   each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to
   a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately. The only
   obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF scheme is to make the specified contributions under
   the scheme.

   The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
   operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of
   payroll costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits
   scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits
   scheme is to make the specified contributions under the scheme.

   HRC Management maintains multiple qualified contributory savings plans as allowed under
   Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code in the U.S.A.. These plans are defined contribution
   plans covering substantially all its qualifying employees and provide for voluntary contributions
   by employees, subject to certain limits. The contributions are made by both the employees and
   the employer. The employees’ contributions are primarily based on specified dollar amounts or
   percentages of employee compensation.

   The only obligation of HRC Management with respect to the retirement benefits plans is to make the
   specified contributions under the plans.

   The total costs charged to profit and loss, amounted to RMB83,639,000 for the year ended 31
   December 2023 (2022: RMB66,196,000) representing contributions paid to the retirement benefit
   scheme by the Group.


                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
           statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

           Name of related Companies           Relationship           Nature of transactions                     2023        2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000


           Jinjiang District Maternity and     Entity controlled by   Provision of management services         90,778      99,549
             Child Health Hospital*              Chengdu Jinxin         by the Group
                                                 Investment
                                                                      Provision of pathological examination    11,858          96
                                                                        services by the Group

                                                                      Rendering pathological examination        (2,851)     (3,416)
                                                                        services to the Group (Note i)

                                                                      Sales of medical consumables and         56,838      71,616
                                                                        equipment by the Group

                                                                      Provision of catering services            1,771            –

           成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                        Entity controlled by   Rendering of IT services                    (550)     (1,464)
            Chengdu Jinxin Information           Jinxin Shanghui
            Technology Limited*                                       Sales of software                           225         100

                                                                      Provision of catering services               16            –

           四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                      Entity controlled by   Purchase of consumables by the              (107)     (4,724)
            Sichuan Mocodo Medical               Chengdu Jinxin         Group
            Products Co., Ltd*                   Investment
                                                                      Sales of equipment by the Group             120            –

           成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司 Entity controlled by                        Provision of management services         42,368      41,060
            Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Chengdu Jinxin                 by the Group
            Management Co., Ltd*         Investment

           成都喜馬拉雅藏醫醫院有限公司                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medical consumables by the            –        117
            Chengdu Himalaya Tibetan             Chengdu Jinxin         group
            Medical Hospital Co., Ltd*           Investment

           Jinxin International Medical        An associate of the    Marketing expense                        (32,787)    (15,762)
             Service Limited                     company
                                                                      Assisted reproductive services            2,761            –
                                                                        income




220   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)
   Name of related Companies          Relationship           Nature of transactions                         2023            2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000


   HRC Medical and its other          Controlled or          Management service income                     407,709       326,085
    Affiliates (Note ii)                jointly controlled
                                        by certain           Pre-implantation genetic Screning              32,908         21,595
                                        shareholders of        testing income
                                        HRC Investment
                                                             Ambulatory surgery centre facilities            4,010          3,462
                                                              income

                                                             Repayment of lease liability                   (3,168)        (2,946)

                                                             Finance cost on lease liability                  (667)          (707)

                                                             Rendering cleaning services                      (507)             –

                                                             Marketing expense                              (1,163)        (1,087)

   Chengdu Jinxin Investment And      These related parties Sales of consumables and                        12,355         25,907
    its other affiliates (Note iii)     And Chengdu Jinxin    equipment by the group
                                        Investment have
                                        the Same beneficial Provision of rental services                     4,171              –
                                        Shareholders with
                                        the company         Provision of catering services                   1,157              –

                                                             Provision of pathological                         633            189
                                                               examination services

                                                             Provision of consulting services                   99              –

                                                             Rendering of pathological examination               –           (312)
                                                               services to the Group (Note i)

                                                             Rendering of dormitory rental                    (224)           (86)

                                                             Purchase of consumables by the                   (521)       (12,134)
                                                               Group

                                                             Rendering labor services                       (4,571)       (10,592)

                                                             Finance cost on lease liability                (4,946)        (6,296)

                                                             Rendering cleaning services to the             (9,811)        (8,188)
                                                               Group (Note i)

                                                             Repayment of lease liability                  (24,540)       (23,898)



                                                                          Annual Report 2023         Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           Notes:

           *       English name is for identification only identification purpose only.

           (i)     Amounts represent expenses incurred from pathological examination services and sanitising and cleaning services
                   included in “cost of revenue”.

           (ii)    The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2023 is RMB22,464,000 (31 December 2022:RMB24,504,000).

           (iii)   The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2023 is RMB96,960,000 (31 December 2022:RMB116,554,000).

           Compensation of key management personnel
           The remuneration of the key management is determined based on performance of individuals and
           market trends.

           Key management includes executive directors and senior management. The remuneration of the
           Directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


           Directors’ fee                                                                               –                  600
           Salaries and allowances                                                                  9,102               18,508
           Performance-related incentive payments                                                  12,253                8,451
           Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                                   303                  526
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                       29,557                5,392


                                                                                                   51,215               33,477




222   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




44. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
  The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
  concern while maximising the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and
  equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

  The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the additional advance from
  related parties or the repayment of their existing advances, lease liabilities and bank borrowing
  disclosed in Notes 28, 34 and 36 respectively, net of cash equivalents and equity attributable to
  owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

  The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors
  consider the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
  the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends,
  new share issues as well as issue of new debt, if necessary.

45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  (a) Categories of financial instruments
                                                                             The Group
                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


       Financial assets
       Financial assets at
         – Amortised cost                                                1,135,897             1,757,784
         – FVTPL                                                           221,569                71,300
         – Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                 7,052               105,743


                                                                         1,364,518             1,934,827


       Financial liabilities
       Financial liabilities at
         – Amortised cost                                                2,848,466             4,592,308


       Lease liabilities                                                    421,925               439,242




                                                          Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
                 The Group’s major financial instruments include, financial assets at FVTPL, accounts and
                 other receivables, amounts due from an associate, amounts due from/to related parties, other
                 financial assets at FVTPL, investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, time deposits,
                 bank balances and cash, accounts and other payables, loan payables, bank borrowing, lease
                 liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks
                 associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk
                 and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are
                 set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
                 measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

                 Market risk
                 Currency risk
                 Several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency bank balances and time deposits
                 against the functional currencies of the relevant group entities which expose the Group to
                 foreign currency risk.

                 The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the
                 management of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging
                 significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign bank balances, time deposits and convertible
                 bonds at the reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Assets
                 US$                                                                         702                 669
                 HK$                                                                       4,198               8,930
                 RMB                                                                         535                 189


                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Liabilities
                 HK$                                                                            –          1,636,059




224   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Market risk (Continued)
       Sensitivity analysis
       The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease
       in the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies. 5% (2022: 5%)
       is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
       personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
       foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
       denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for
       a 5% (2022: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A positive/negative number below indicates
       an increase/decrease in post-tax profit and other equity where the subsidiaries’ functional
       currency weakening 5% (2022: 5%) against the relevant foreign currencies. For a 5% (2022: 5%)
       strengthen of the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies, there
       would be an equal and opposite/negative impact on the profit and other comprehensive income
       and the amounts below would be negative/positive. During years ended 31 December 2023 and
       2022, the sensitivity of US$ and RMB against the relevant currency is immaterial.

                                                                                 HK$
                                                                              2023                  2022
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


       Profit or loss                                                            157               (61,017)


       Interest rate risk
       The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
       (see Note 32 for details) and bank borrowing (see Note 36 for details). The Group’s cash flow
       interest rate risk are mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances
       and bank borrowing.

       The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity
       analysis is presented for the Group.

       The fair value interest rate risk on the other financial assets at FVTPL, fixed rate time bank
       deposits, is limited because the periods of these investment products and deposits are short,
       which 90 to three years, or can be redeemable on demand. (2022: 62 to 182 days, or can be
       redeemable on demand).

       The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate amounts due
       to related parties, lease liabilities, bank borrowings (see Notes 28, 34 and 36 for details) and
       the Directors consider that the exposure of such interest rate risk arising from amounts due to
       related parties, lease liabilities is insignificant.




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Other price risk
                 The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in preferred shares measured
                 at FVTPL as disclosed in Note 23a, and financial assets at FVTPL as disclosed in Note 24. The
                 Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price risk of this investment.

                 The sensitivity of the fair value of the respective investments in preferred shares measured at
                 FVTPL will not have material impact on the post-tax profit and thus no sensitivity analysis is
                 presented.

                 If the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL had been 5% higher/lower, the post-tax profit would
                 increase/decrease by RMB4,000,000 (2022: Nil).

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment
                 At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial
                 assets of the Group as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position best represents
                 the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group
                 and due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties. The average loss rates for
                 majority of the financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed to be less than 1%.

                 In order to minimise the credit risk for accounts receivables, the management of the Group
                 has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other
                 monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debt end of
                 each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made and other monitoring
                 procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In
                 addition, the Group performs impairment under ECL model on trade balances individually. In
                 this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The loss
                 allowance measured under lifetime ECL for accounts receivables of RMB73,086,000 (2022:
                 RMB83,319,000) for the Group is considered insignificant.

                 For loan receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits, the management makes
                 periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on
                 historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information
                 that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that
                 there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
                 the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2023
                 and 2022, the Group assessed the ECL for loan receivables, other receivables and refundable
                 deposits are insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.

                 The loss allowance of for loan receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits
                 are measured under 12m ECL which is considered insignificant in respect of for loan
                 receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits, amounting to RMB109,199,000 (2022:
                 RMB100,293,000) as at 31 December 2023.




226   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       For the amounts due from associates and amounts due from related parties, the Directors
       make individual assessment on the recoverability of the amounts based on historical settlement
       records and past experience. In view of the good repayment history of these related parties and/
       or considered the future prospects of the industry in which these related parties operate, the
       Directors consider the risk of default is low, and accordingly, no impairment was recognised in
       respect of the amounts due from an associate and related parties amounting to RMB242,055,000
       (2022: RMB243,841,000) as at 31 December 2023.

       The credit risk on liquid funds, including interest receivables, is limited because the
       counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating
       agencies. The 12m ECL for time deposits, bank balances and interest receivables, of the
       Group amounting to RMB711,557,000 (2022: RMB1,330,331,000) as at 31 December 2023 is
       considered to be insignificant.

       Other than concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks
       with high credit ratings, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit
       risk as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

       Liquidity risk
       Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the management, which has built
       an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short,
       medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by
       maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and
       matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

       In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its financial liabilities and
       derivative financial instruments.

       The tables include both interest, if any, and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows
       are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of each
       reporting period.




                                                               Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                 Liquidity table
                                                     Weighted     On demand                                              Total
                                                       average    or less than       1–2         2–5      Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                                  interest rate         1 year     years       years       years   cash flows      amount
                                                             %        RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2023
                 Accounts and other payables                 –        472,659            –          –          –        472,659     472,659
                 Amounts due to related parties              –         12,264            –          –          –         12,264      12,264
                 Loan payables                            4.45        156,638       82,895          –          –        239,533     236,075
                 Bank borrowing                           5.37        865,967    1,408,260          –          –      2,274,227   2,127,468
                 Lease liabilities                        4.30         91,805       89,241    189,537    121,543        492,126     421,925


                                                                    1,599,333    1,580,396    189,537    121,543      3,490,809   3,270,391


                 At 31 December 2022
                 Accounts and other payables                 –        528,937           –            –         –        528,937     528,937
                 Amounts due to related parties              –         47,528           –            –         –         47,528      47,528
                 Loan payables                            4.45        190,577     107,941            –         –        298,518     290,488
                 Convertible bonds                        0.75      1,832,853           –            –         –      1,832,853   1,636,059
                 Bank borrowing                           4.74        155,320     836,134    1,378,856         –      2,370,310   2,089,296
                 Lease liabilities                        4.45         81,302      78,861      217,136   315,560        692,859     439,242


                                                                    2,836,517    1,022,936   1,595,992   315,560      5,771,005   5,031,550




228   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
       Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
       fair value on a recurring basis
       The Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at 31 December 2023 are disclosed in
       Notes 23a, 24 and 31. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
       financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s)
       and inputs used).

                                     Fair value as at                                                                         Relationship of
                                      31 December          Fair value   Valuation techniques        Significant               unobservable inputs to
       Financial assets               2023          2022   hierarchy    and key inputs              unobservable inputs       fair value
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


       Other financial assets at    141,569       71,300   Level 2      Discounted cash flows       N/A                       N/A
         FVTPL                                                            – future cash flows
                                                                          are estimated based
                                                                          on estimated return,
                                                                          and discounted at a
                                                                          rate that reflects the
                                                                          credit risks of various
                                                                          counterparties.

       Financial assets at FVTPL     80,000            –   Level 3      Net Value Model             The net value of          The higher the net
                                                                        Key inputs: Net value of      underlying investment     value of underlying
                                                                          underlying investment                                 investment, the higher
                                                                                                                                the fair value.

       Investments in preferred       7,052     105,743    Level 3      Market Approach and         Expected volatility of    The significant
         shares measured at                                               Black-Scholes Option        the underlying share      unobservable input is
         FVTPL                                                            Pricing Model               prices.                   the expected volatility
                                                                        Key inputs: enterprise                                  of the underlying
                                                                          value to sales                                        share prices of 50%
                                                                          multiple, risk-free rate,                             (2022:50%). Change
                                                                          expected volatility of                                this unobservable input
                                                                          the underlying share                                  based on reasonable
                                                                          prices, time to liquidity                             alternative assumptions
                                                                          event.                                                would not significantly
                                                                                                                                change the valuations
                                                                                                                                of the preferred shares.

       There were no transfer between levels during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023             Jinxin Fertility Group Limited              229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                 Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement
                                                                                                   Investments
                                                                                                    in preferred
                                                                                                          shares
                                                                                                      measured
                                                                                                       at FVTPL
                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2022                                                                      169,930
                 Deemed disposal of partial preferred shares                                             (1,717)
                 Loss on fair value changes                                                             (76,733)
                 Exchange realignment                                                                    14,263


                 At 31 December 2022                                                                    105,743
                 Purchase                                                                                80,000
                 Disposal of partial preferred shares                                                  (102,514)
                 Exchange realignment                                                                     3,823


                 At 31 December 2023                                                                     87,052


                 Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
                 The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are
                 determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash
                 flow analysis.

                 The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
                 recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values
                 at the end of each reporting period.




230   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




46. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
  The tables below detail changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
  both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash
  flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows
  as cash flows from financing activities:

                                                                             Non-trade
                                                                              amounts
                                                                                due to
                                         Loan      Dividend        Lease       related         Bank     Interest   Convertible
                                       payable     payables    liabilities     parties    borrowing    Payable         bonds         Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


  At 1 January 2022                           –           –     433,074        405,914      163,746       1,214      1,492,932    2,496,880
  Financing cash flows                 (194,092)   (179,115)    (59,704)      (338,704)   1,546,229     (63,880)             –      710,734
  Non-cash changes:
  Arising from acquisition of
    subsidiaries (Note 39)             482,405            –            –        10,280      190,211           –              –      682,896
  Dividends declared                         –      180,943            –             –            –           –              –      180,943
  New leases entered                         –            –       50,718             –            –           –              –       50,718
  Covid-19 related rent concession           –            –         (546)            –            –           –              –         (546)
  Interest expenses                          –            –       21,880             –        6,947      38,316          4,710       71,853
  Interest expenses capitalised          2,175            –            –             –            –      36,425              –       38,600
  Leases early terminated                    –            –       (6,895)            –            –           –              –       (6,895)
  Write off from disposal of partial
    preferred shares measured at
    FVTPL                                     –           –             –      (49,170)           –           –              –       (49,170)
  Capital injection from non-
    controlling interests of a
    subsidiary                                –           –            –          (490)           –           –             –          (490)
  Set off arrangement                         –           –            –        (1,050)           –           –             –        (1,050)
  Exchange realignment                        –       8,676          715         1,640      182,163           –       138,417       331,611


  At 31 December 2022                  290,488       10,504     439,242         28,420    2,089,296      12,075      1,636,059     4,506,084
  Financing cash flows                 (61,516)     (13,242)    (83,726)       (24,330)      (2,840)   (159,191)    (1,604,588)   (1,949,433)
  Non-cash changes:
  New leases entered                          –           –       59,473             –            –           –              –       59,473
  Interest expenses                           –           –       18,658             –        8,733      50,940          1,310       79,641
  Interest expenses capitalised           7,103           –            –             –            –     110,191              –      117,294
  Leases early terminated                     –           –      (13,199)            –            –           –              –      (13,199)
  Dividends declared                          –       2,738            –             –            –           –              –        2,738
  Exchange realignment                        –           –        1,477             –       32,279           –        (32,781)         975


  At 31 December 2023                  236,075            –     421,925          4,090    2,127,468      14,015              –    2,803,573




                                                                                Annual Report 2023       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:

                                               Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                             2023         2022


           Directly held:

           BVI Holdco                          BVI                 –                       100%         100%     Investment holding
                                               1 March 2018

           Willsun BVI                         BVI                 US$205,600,000          100%         100%     Investment holding
                                               31 March 2017

           Willsun (BVI) New                   BVI                 –                         N/A        100%     Investment holding
             Company Limited (Note ii)         17 May 2018

           JINXIN Medical Management           BVI                 –                       100%         100%     Investment holding
             (BVI) Group Limited               13 October 2021

           Smiling Charm Limited               BVI                 US$50,000               100%         100%     Investment holding
                                               9 October 2019

           Indirectly held:

           Jinxin Fertility HK                 Hong Kong           HK$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                               14 March 2018

           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility            PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
             (Note vii)                        12 September 2016   RMB2,554,841,600

           Chengdu Xinan Clinic                PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
             (Notes i and vii)                 1 September 2016    RMB22,222,222                                   services and management
                                                                                                                   services

           Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital         PRC                 Registered capital    99.90%       99.90%     Assisted reproductive
             (Notes i and vii)                 18 May 2004         RMB20,000,000                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                                   medical services

           Chengdu Jinyi Enterprise            PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Property investment
             Management Co., Ltd. (Note vii)   27 December 2018    RMB1,000,000

           Shenzhen Yuji Property Services     PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Property management
             Co., Ltd. (“Yuji Property”)       16 September 2009   RMB300,000                                      services to group
             (Note vii)*                                                                                           companies




232   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)

                                       Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                     2023         2022


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院                       PRC                 Registered capital       75%          75%     Assisted reproductive
    有限公司 Wuhan Jinxin                  17 February 2006    RMB80,000,000                                   services and ancillary
    Integrated Gynecology and                                                                              medical services
    Obstetrics Hospital Co., Ltd
    (Note vii) *

   上海錦霄醫療管理有限公司                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Shanghai Jinxiao Medical           9 December 2020     RMB1,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

   深圳市萊恩服務諮詢有限公司                      PRC                  Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Shenzhen Laien Service Consulting 3 April 2020         RMB15,000,000
    Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

   JXR New Hope Limited                BVI                 US$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                       27 February 2020

   錦瑞醫療中心                              Laos                Registered              100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
    Jinrui Medical Center              20 March 2020       capital Lao Kip                                 services
                                                           25,000,000,000

   HRC Management                      U.S.A.              US$80,000               100%         100%     Provision for management
                                       3 November                                                          services and surgery
                                       2015                                                                centre facilities

   NexGenomics, LLC                    U.S.A.              US$100                  100%         100%     PGS Testing services
                                       4 February 2015

   Willsun Fertility US Delaware LLC   U.S.A.              US$85,505,000           100%         100%     Investment holding
                                       5 April 2017

   Willsun US Delaware Newco Inc.      U.S.A.              US$82,151,863           100%         100%     Investment holding
                                       7 May 2018

   成都錦欣輝明企業管理有限公司                      PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Chengdu Jinxin Huiming             19 November 2021    RMB1,100,000,000
    Enterprise Management
    Co., Ltd (Note vii)*


                                                                           Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

                                                Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                 establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                              2023         2022


           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           Jinxin Women Wellness Limited        BVI                 US$1,000                 51%          51%     Investment holding
                                                7 July 2021

           Hong Kong Assisted                   Hong Kong           HK$10,000                51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
             Reproduction Centre Limited        3 May 2011                                                          services

           Hong Kong Reproductive               Hong Kong           HK$10,000                51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
             Health Cenre Limited               14 June 2007                                                        services and ancillary
                                                                                                                    medical services

           JINXIN Hospital Management           Cayman              US$50,000               100%         100%     Investment holding
             Group Limited                      31 January 2018

           Jinxin Global Medical                BVI                 US$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
              Company Limited                   11 April 2018

           Jinxin Investment Group Limited      Hong Kong           HK$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                22 December 2017

           錦欣醫療投資有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Jinxin Medical Investment           25 August 2015      RMB504,238,258
            Company Ltd (Notes vii)*

           成都市錦邁創新實驗檢測有限公司                      PRC                 Registered capital       51%          51%     Sales of medical
            Chengdu Jinmai Innovative           17 June 2019        RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
            Testing Co., Ltd (“Chengdu                                                                              equipment
            Jinmai”) (Notes vii)*

           成都錦欣健康管理有限公司                         PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Sales of medical
            Chengdu Jinxin Health               24 December 2014    RMB16,975,000                                   consumables and
            Management Co., Ltd (Notes vii)*                                                                        equipment

           四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Obstetrics, gynecology
            Jinxin Women and Children           09 December 2016    RMB125,386,636                                 and pediatrics medical
            Hospital (Notes vii)*                                                                                  services




234   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)

                                      Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries               establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                    2023         2022


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   四川錦欣醫療管理有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Sichuan Jinxin Medical            08 December 2021    US$1,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

   成都錦欣產康健康管理諮詢                       PRC                 Registered capital       51%          51%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
    有限公司 Chengdu Jinxin               18 April 2022       RMB5,000,000                                    care services
    Chankang Health
    Management Consulting
    Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

   成都龍泉驛錦欣產康門診                        PRC                 Registered capital       51%          51%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
    有限公司 Chengdu                      23 May 2022         RMB1,000,000                                    care services
    Longquanyi Jinxin Chankang
    Clinic Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*

   海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公司                     PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Real estate development and
    Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise    23 November 2021    RMB2,100,000,000                                operation
    Management Co., Ltd
    (“Hainan Sanya”) (Notes vii)*

   Shenzhen Hengyu                    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Real estate development and
     (Notes iv & vii)*                30 June 2014        RMB10,000,000                                   operation

   Kunming Hewanjia Hospital          PRC                 Registered capital     96.50%      96.50%     Assisted reproductive
     (Notes i, vi & vii)              15 January 2014     RMB55,714,286                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                          medical services

   Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital            PRC                 Registered capital     96.50%      96.50%     Assisted reproductive
     (Notes i, vi & vii)              24 September 2003   RMB42,857,143                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                          medical services

   Guangzhou Yunzhicai                PRC                 Registered capital     89.80%      89.80%     Investment holding
     (Notes vi & vii)                 18 March 2021       RMB13,720,000

   Guangzhou Hejia (Notes vi & vii)   PRC                 Registered capital     89.80%      89.80%     Investment holding
                                      14 May 2021         RMB19,130,000




                                                                          Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

                                                 Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                  establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                               2023         2022


           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           Guangdong Kangzhi                     PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
             (Notes vi & vii)                    5 March 2018        RMB49,300,000

           雲南咪寶母嬰護理有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Maternal-Child nursing
            Yunnan Mibao Maternal– Child         10 November 2017    RMB1,000,000                                   services
            Nursing Co., Ltd (Notes vi & vii)*

           成都錦薈科技有限公司                            PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Chengdu Jinhui Technology            04 March 2020       RMB87,285,000
            Co., Ltd (Notes v & vii)*

           Yongshenghengfu                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and Development
             (Notes vii & viii)*                 23 June 2021        RMB200,000,000                                  of IVF related projects,
                                                                                                                     including scientific
                                                                                                                     research and related
                                                                                                                     commercialisation

           深圳市錦欣醫療科技創新中心                         PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and development
            有限公司 Jinxin Medical                  24 March 2020       RMB71,300,000                                   of IVF related projects,
            Innovation Research Center                                                                               including scientific
            (Notes v & vii)*                                                                                         research and related
                                                                                                                     commercialisation

           深圳中山生殖與遺傳研究所                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and development
            Shenzhen Zhongshan                   19 January 2009     RMB1,000,000                                    of IVF related projects,
            Reproductive Institute                                                                                   including scientific
            (Notes v & vii)*                                                                                         research and related
                                                                                                                     commercialisation

           北海錦誠投資合夥企業                            PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            (有限合夥) Beihai Jincheng               20 April 2022       RMB100,000
            Investment Partnership
            (Limited Partnership) (Note vii)*

           北海錦欣旭逸醫療管理合夥企業                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            (有限合夥) Beihai Jinxin Xuyi            20 April 2022       RMB100,000
            Medical Management Partnership
            (Limited Partnership) (Note vii)*


236   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)

                                            Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                     establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                          2023         2022


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   西藏錦理企業管理有限公司                             PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Management consultancy
    Xizang Jinli Enterprise                 7 November          RMB200,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*        2023

   成都欣運生藥房有限公司                              PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Sales of medical
    Chengdu Xinyunsheng Pharmacy            18 May 2023         RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
    Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*                                                                                       equipment

   成都錦久匯美餐飲管理有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Operating restaurant
    Chengdu Jinjiu Huimei Catering          12 May 2023         RMB1,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*

   成都金牛錦欣悅診所有限公司                            PRC                 Registered capital       51%           N/A    Other hospital-derived
    Chengdu Jinniu Jinxinyue Clinic         12 July 2023        RMB1,000,000                                    services
    Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*

   成都錦欣韻餐飲有限公司                              PRC                 Registered capital       51%           N/A    Operating restaurant
    Chengdu Jinxinyun Catering              16 November 2023    RMB50,000
    Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*

   成都天府新區錦欣宜診所有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital       51%           N/A    Other hospital-derived
    Chengdu Tianfu New District             9 November 2023     RMB1,000,000                                    services
    Jinxinyi Clinic Co., Ltd. (Note vii)*

   奇浚有限公司 Miracle Legend                    Hong Kong           HK$2                    100%           N/A    Investment holding
    Limited (Note vii & ix)                 26 February 2011

   茂名奇浚林業有限公司                               PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Property investment
    Maoming Qijun Forestry                  21 November 2011    US$400,000
    Co., Ltd (Note vii & ix)*

   Structured entity:

   成都錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
    Jinrun Fude (Notes i & vii)*            9 May 2018          RMB300,000

   成都錦逸弘康企业管理有限公司 Jinyi PRC                                     Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
    Hongkang (Notes iii & vii)* 5 February 2018                 RMB100,000


                                                                                Annual Report 2023      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

           Notes:

           *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                  directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

           i      In September and November 2018, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility transferred its 10% equity interests in Chengdu Xinan
                  Clinic and 3.98% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to Jinrun Fude, a structured entity of the Group.
                  The Group does not have direct or indirect legal ownership in equity of this structured entity. Nevertheless, under
                  certain contractual arrangements, including but not limited to, exclusive operation service agreement, option
                  agreements, entrustment agreements and equity pledge agreements, entered into with this structured entity and
                  their registered owners, the Group has rights to exercise power over this structured entity, receives variable
                  returns from its involvement in this structured entity, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
                  over this structured entity. As a result, it is presented as consolidated structured entity of the Group.

                  The Group acquired Mr. Mei Hua’s 15% and Mr. Zeng Yong’s 5.46% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan
                  Hospital via a series of contractual arrangements entered into between Jinrun Fuse and the Group in April and
                  August 2022 respectively and accordingly, the Group has indirect control of an aggregate of 99.90% equity
                  interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital since then.

                  Similarly, the Group obtained control over 30% equity interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming
                  Hewanjia Hospital via a series of contractual arrangements entered into between Jinrun Fude and the Group in
                  July 2022 and accordingly, the Group has indirect control of an aggregate of 96.5% equity interests in each of
                  Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital since then.

           ii     The subsidiary had been deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2023.

           iii    The Group does not have direct or indirect legal ownership in equity of Jinyi Hongkang. Nevertheless, under
                  certain contractual arrangements, including but not limited to, exclusive operation service agreement, option
                  agreements, entrustment agreements and equity pledge arrangements entered into with Jinyi Hongkang and its
                  registered owners in November 2021, the Group has rights to exercise power over Jiny Hongkang and has the
                  ability to affect those returns through its power over Jinyi Hongkang. As a result, Jinyi Hongkang presented as
                  consolidated structured entity of the Group.

           iv     In May 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Shenzhen Hengyu.

           v      In January 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Shenzhen Innovation Group.

           vi     In July 2022, the Group acquired Kunming Group.

           vii    The company is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in PRC.

           viii   In December 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Yongshenghengfu.

           ix     In November 2023, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Miracle Legend Limited and its subsidiary with a
                  consideration of RMB820,000.


           As at 31 December 2023, none of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group has material non-
           controlling interests.




238   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY
                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


  Non-current assets
  Interests in subsidiaries                                          9,364,527            10,389,169
  Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                      7,052               105,743
  Prepayments                                                           34,890                48,798
  Loan receivable                                                       21,423                     –
  Amounts due from an associate                                              –                12,550
  Life insurance policy                                                 23,511                22,452

                                                                     9,451,403            10,578,712

  Current assets
  Prepayment and other receivables                                      19,407                 35,723
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                        242,729                169,857
  Bank balances and cash                                                 1,994                 52,265

                                                                       264,130                257,845

  Current liabilities
  Other payables                                                        16,670                14,498
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                          138,521               111,077
  Convertible bonds                                                          –             1,636,059
  Borrowings                                                           168,290                     –

                                                                       323,481             1,761,634

  Net current liabilities                                              (59,351)           (1,503,789)

  Total assets less current liabilities                              9,392,052             9,074,923

  Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings – Non current                                           1,379,664             2,070,678

                                                                     1,379,664             2,070,678

  Net assets                                                         8,012,388             7,004,245


  Capital and Reserves
  Share capital (Note 38)                                                  180                   166
  Reserves                                                           8,012,208             7,004,079

  Total equity                                                       8,012,388             7,004,245




                                                      Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY (Continued)
           Movement in Company’s reserve
                                                             Shares held      Equity-settled
                                                            for restricted     share-based
                                                      Share         share          payment     Accumulated     Translation
                                                   premium award scheme             reserve         losses         reserve      Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


           At 1 January 2022                      7,890,915             (2)          80,388        (152,875)     (412,389)    7,406,037
           Loss for the year                              –              –                –        (118,721)            –      (118,721)
           Other comprehensive expense                    –              –                –               –      (249,223)     (249,223)

           Total comprehensive expense
             for the year                                 –              –                –        (118,721)     (249,223)    (367,944)
           Share cancelled (Note 38)                      *              *                –               –             –            –
           Issue of shares (Note 38)                 83,771              –                –               –             –       83,771
           Transaction costs attributable to
             issue of shares                           (809)             –                –               –              –        (809)
           Dividends recognised as distribution    (150,000)             –                –               –              –    (150,000)
           Recognition of equity-settled share-
             bases payment (Note 40)                      –              –           33,024               –              –      33,024
           Exercise of restricted shares
             (Note 40)                               54,234              2          (54,236)              –              –            –

           At 31 December 2022                    7,878,111              *           59,176        (271,596)     (661,612)    7,004,079


           At 1 January 2023                      7,878,111              *           59,176        (271,596)     (661,612)    7,004,079
           Loss for the year                              –              –                –         (39,126)            –       (39,126)
           Other comprehensive expense                    –              –                –               –        (5,145)       (5,145)

           Total comprehensive expense
             for the year                                 –              –                –         (39,126)        (5,145)     (44,271)
           Share cancelled (Note 38)                      –              –                –               –              –            –
           Issue of new shares pursuant to the
           Restricted Share Award Scheme                  –             (2)               –               –              –          (2)
           Issue of shares (Note 38)                999,574              –                –               –              –     999,574
           Transaction costs attributable
             to issue of shares                        (602)             –                –               –              –         (602)
           Dividends recognised as distribution           –              –                –               –              –            –
           Recognition of equity-settled share-
             bases payment (Note 40)                      –              –           53,430               –              –      53,430
           Exercise of restricted shares
             (Note 40)                               27,014              *          (27,014)              –              –            –

           At 31 December 2023                    8,904,097             (2)          85,592        (310,722)     (666,757)    8,012,208

           *      The amount is less than RMB1,000.




240   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




49. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
   Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group also entered into
   the following non-cash transactions:

   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for a
   hospital in Kunming for 10 years without extension options. On the lease commencements, the Group
   recognised RMB42,186,000 of right-of-use assets and RMB42,186,000 lease liabilities in Kunming.

   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into several new lease agreements for
   two clinics in U.S.A for 10.5 years without extension options, for a clinic in U.S.A for 5.4 years with
   extension options, and for several medical equipment in U.S.A for 5 years without extension options.
   On the lease commencements, the Group recognised RMB40,822,000 of right-of-use assets and
   RMB40,822,000 lease liabilities in the U.S.A.

   During the year ended 31 December 2022, set off arrangements have been effected between
   the Group’s amounts due from Jinxin Aijian and prepayments on acquisition of equity interests,
   between the Group’s amounts due from Chengdu Jinxin Investment and consideration payable
   arose on acquisition of 15% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, and between the
   Group’s amounts due from Chengdu Jinhui Technology Co., Ltd and investment in Chengdu Jinhui
   Technology Co., Ltd with corresponding total offset amount of RMB132,188,000, RMB86,605,000 and
   RMB51,381,000, respectively.

50. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Group has also been involved in legal proceedings and claims during both years that arise in the
   ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute claims brought by
   the former patients or employees over the past few years.

   The Group has been vigorously defending these lawsuits. Other than those which the Group sought
   active conciliation as disclosed in Note 7, the Directors believe that the final outcome of the remaining
   outstanding medical and labour disputes will not have a material impact on the financial position
   or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined with sufficient
   reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no provision has been made regarding these
   remaining disputes during both years.




                                                             Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   241
      Definitions



      In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context
      otherwise requires:

      “2019 Contractual Arrangements”            the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be, entered
                                                 into by, among others, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude
                                                 Registered Shareholders, Mr. Zeng Yong, Jinrun Fude, Chengdu
                                                 Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, details of which are
                                                 described in the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” in the
                                                 Prospectus

      “2022 Contractual Arrangements”            the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
                                                 entered into by, among others, Jinxin Medical Investment, the
                                                 Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and
                                                 Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Jinxin Women and
                                                 Child Hospital details of which are described in the Company’s
                                                 announcement dated November 26, 2021

      “2022 Restricted Share Award               the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by
        Scheme”                                  the Company on February 17, 2022, the principal terms of which are
                                                 summarized in the announcement of the Company dated February
                                                 17, 2022

      “AGM”                                      annual general meeting of the Company

      “AID”                                      artificial insemination with donor sperm

      “AIH”                                      artificial insemination with husband’s sperm

      “ARC”                                      Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助生育中心
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                                 on May 3, 2011, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “ARS”                                      assisted reproductive service(s)

      “Articles of Association”                  the articles of association of the Company (as amended from time to
                                                 time)

      “Audit and Risk Management                 the audit and risk management committee of the Board
        Committee”

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”            the board of Directors of the Company

      “BVI”                                      British Virgin Islands

      “Cayman Islands Companies Law“             the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22
                                                 (Law 3 of 1961), as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified
                                                 from time to time




242   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           Definitions



“CG Code”                        the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
                                 Listing Rules

“Chairman”                       the Chairman of the Board

“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”           Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd* (成都錦江西囡診所有限公
                                 司) (previously known as Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
                                 Co., Ltd. (成 都 西 囡 婦 科 醫 院 有 限 公 司)), a company established
                                 in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited liability on
                                 November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

“China”, “Mainland China”        the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this
  or the “PRC”                   annual report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and
                                 Taiwan

“Company”, “Jinxin Fertility”,   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司*), previously
  “we” or “our”                  known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited, an exempted
                                 company established in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
                                 May 3, 2018

“Contractual Arrangements”       the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                                 Arrangements, the 2021 Contractual Arrangements, the 2022
                                 Contractual Arrangements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                                 Hospital Contractual Arrangements

“COVID-19”                       coronavirus disease of 2019

“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company

“ESOP”                           collectively the RSU Scheme, the 2022 Restricted Share Award
                                 Scheme and the Share Option Scheme

“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK$” or “HKD”                   Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hewanjia Hospital”              Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co.,
                                 Ltd.* (昆 明 錦 欣 和 萬 家 婦 產 醫 院 有 限 公 司), a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on January 15, 2014
                                 and a subsidiary of the Group

“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“HRC Fertility”                  HRC Management and HRC Medical

“HRC Investment”                 HRC In ve stme n t H o l di n g, L L C , a l i mi te d l i a bi l i ty c o m p any
                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on June 2,
                                 2017, the Group’s substantial shareholder



                                                             Annual Report 2023     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    243
      Definitions



      “HRC Management”                           HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company
                                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                                 November 3, 2015, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “HRC Medical”                              Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                                 corporation established under the laws of California, the United
                                                 States on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company by
                                                 virtue of being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Bradford
                                                 A. Kolb and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics and three IVF
                                                 laboratories in California which it owns

      “ICSI”                                     intracytoplasmic sperm injection

      “IFRS”                                     International Financial Reporting Standards

      “IVF”                                      in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are
                                                 incubated together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system to
                                                 achieve pregnancy

      “IVF-EF”                                   in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer

      “Jinjiang District Maternity and           Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital (成
         Child Health Hospital”                  都市錦江區婦幼保健院), a non-profit maternity and child healthcare
                                                 hospital established in the PRC in 1954, the IVF center of which is
                                                 jointly managed by the Group

      “Jinrun Fude”                              Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited (成都
                                                 錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司), a limited liability company established
                                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on May 9, 2018, the
                                                 Group’s subsidiary by virtue of contractual arrangements

      “Jinrun Fude Registered                    two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
         Shareholders”                           and Ms. Zhu Yujuan

      “Jinxin Fertility BVI”                     JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited, a limited liability company
                                                 established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on November
                                                 13, 2017, the Company’s substantial shareholder

      “Jinxin Medical Group”                     Jinxin Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and its subsidiaries

      “Jinxin Medical Investment”                Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有限公
                                                 司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                                 liability, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2022 Contractual
                                                 Arrangements

      “Jinxin Women Group”                       Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries




244   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Definitions



“Jinxin Women Wellness Limited”   Jinxin Women Wellness Limited, a company established under the
                                  laws of BVI with limited liability on July 1, 2021, the Group’s indirect
                                  subsidiary and wholly owns the RHC and the ARC

“Jiuzhou Hospital”                Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九州醫院有限公
                                  司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                  liability on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of the Group

“Jinyi Hongkang”                  Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co, Ltd.* (成都錦逸
                                  弘康企業管理有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                                  the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2022
                                  Contractual Arrangements

“Jinyi Hongkang Registered        two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Ms. Lyu Rong
   Shareholders”                  and Mr. Xu Jun

“Kangseed Investment”             a minority shareholding interest investment by the Group in the
                                  holding company of a company primarily operating an App for online
                                  health management for women

“Listing”                         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
                                  June 25, 2019

“Listing Date”                    June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed on the
                                  Main Board

“Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange,
                                  as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”                      Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                      the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                  Issuers contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Molecular Genetics Services”     medical services involving molecular genetics (分子遺傳)

“MSA”                             the amended and restated management services agreement dated
                                  January 22, 2019 pursuant to which HRC Management provided
                                  non-medical management services to HRC Medical

“OPU”                             oocyte pick up cycle

“PGT”                             preimplantation genetic testing




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   245
      Definitions



      “Physician Shareholders”                   Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Daniel A. Potter, Dr. Jane L. Frederick,
                                                 Dr. David Tourgeman, Dr. Bradford A. Kolb, Dr. John G. Wilcox, Dr.
                                                 Jeffrey Nelson and Dr. Robert Boostanfar, each a certified physician
                                                 in California, United States, and ultimate beneficial shareholder of
                                                 HRC Investment, and all of them together are connected persons of
                                                 our Company by virtue of being our substantial Shareholders

      “Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital”             Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成 都 西 囡 婦 科 醫 院), a
                                                 privately funded non-enterprise entity (民辦非企業單位) established
                                                 on March 31, 2010, predecessor of Chengdu Xinan Hospital

      “Prospectus”                               the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

      “R&D”                                      research and development

      “Renminbi” or “RMB”                        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Reporting Period”                         the twelve-month period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023

      “RHC”                                      Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (香港生育康健中心
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                                 on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary, and is operated
                                                 under the brand name Gratia Medical Centre

      “RSU”                                      a restricted share unit award granted to a participant under the RSU
                                                 Scheme

      “RSU Scheme”                               the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                                 Company on February 15, 2019, the principal terms of which are
                                                 summarized in “RSU Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus

      “Restricted Shares”                        any Shares that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                                 Eligible Participant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme

      “"SFO”                                     Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                                 Kong)

      “Share(s)”                                 ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                                 US$0.00001 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                           holder(s) of Share(s)

      “Share Option Scheme”                      the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                                 June 3, 2019, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Share
                                                 Option Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus




246   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Definitions



“Shenzhen Hengyu”                  Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (深
                                   圳市恒裕聯翔投資發展有限公司), a company established in Shenzhen,
                                   the PRC with limited liability, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”      Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital* (深圳中
                                   山婦產醫院) (previously known as Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological
                                   Hospital (深 圳 市 中 山 泌 尿 外 科 醫 院)), a company established in
                                   Shenzhen, PRC with limited liability on May 18, 2004, the Group’s
                                   indirect subsidiary that is a for-profit specialty hospital

“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”         Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖
                                   醫療管理有限公司), previously known as Chengdu Jinde Corporate
                                   Management Company Limited (成 都 錦 德 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability
                                   on September 12, 2016, our indirect subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Medical            Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management Co., Ltd* (四川錦欣醫療管理有
   Management”                     限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability on
                                   December 8, 2021, the Group’s subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”    collectively, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) and
                                   Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital     the campus of Chengdu Xinan Clinic located on Bisheng Road in
   (Bisheng Campus)”               Jinjiang District of Chengdu, which merged its ARS-related medical
                                   license with that of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)
                                   in April 2023 to become part of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital     Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)*
   (Jingxiu Campus)”               (四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院靜秀院區) (previously known as Sichuan
                                   Jinxin Women and Children Hospital Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣婦女兒童醫
                                   院有限公司)), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                   limited liability on December 9, 2016 that is a for profit women and
                                   children hospital, the fertility center of which was jointly managed by
                                   the Group

“Stock Exchange”                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Subsidiary Director(s)”           the director(s) of any subsidiary of the Company

“success rate”                     the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for
                                   discussion in the Prospectus and this annual report

“U.S.”, “US”, or “United States”   the United States of America




                                                           Annual Report 2023   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   247
      Definitions



      “U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$” or “USD”         United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States of
                                                 America

      “VIE”                                      variable interest entity

      “VIE Entities”                             the entities that we control certain percentage of their shareholding
                                                 through the Contractual Arrangements which comprised, as at the
                                                 date of this annual report, Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen
                                                 Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
                                                 Campus), Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital

      “West Coast”                               the West Coast of the United States

      “Willsun AM”                               Willsun Asset Management Company Limited (華昇資產管理有限公司),
                                                 a limited liability incorporated in the PRC, an independent third party
                                                 subsequent to the Reorganization

      “WP Partnership”                           WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership (Limited
                                                 Partnership), a comprehensive investment fund

      “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                    Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,.
                                                 Ltd (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company established
                                                 in PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006, the Group’s
                                                 indirect subsidiary

      In this annual report, the terms “associate”, “associated corporation”, “connected person”, “controlling
      shareholder” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the
      context otherwise requires.

      *   For identification purpose only




248   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
