                                   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                                      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                              *                                                                   *
（根據開曼群島法律註冊成立的有限公司）                                                 (Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

股份代號：01951                                                          Stock Code: 01951




                                   錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司




             年報                                                                      Annual Report

               2025                                                                                   2025




                                  Annual Report 2025 年報



 * 僅供識別                                                               * For identification purposes only
Contents
Page


 2     Company Profile
 4     Corporate Information
 6     Financial Summary
 7     Statement of Chief Executive Officer
13 Management Discussion and Analysis
39 Directors and Senior Management
48 Report of Directors
93 Corporate Governance Report
111 Independent Auditor’s Report
116 Consolidated Statement of Profit or
     Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
118 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
120 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
123 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
126 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
241 Definitions
    Company Profile



    The Group is a leading ARS provider in China and the United States. Leveraging the Group’s existing market
    leadership in China and the United States, the Group is uniquely positioned to capture unmet demand of ARS
    patients in China and the United States as well as growth opportunities in markets with growth potential. The
    Group endeavors to provide patients with personalized solutions to fulfill their dreams of becoming parents.

    The Group has established a competitive advantage on branding, technology, medical staff and management
    in a market with significant entry barriers. All hospitals established in the Group’s network are recognized as
    top-notch in their respective regional market, including but not limited to Sichuan Province, the Greater Bay
    Area, Yunnan Province and the Western United States, which contributes to the Group’s leading position in
    the ARS markets in China and the United States.

    In 2021, the Group acquired the Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), RHC (brand name:
    Gratia Medical Center) and ARC to expand its footprint in Sichuan Province and the Greater Bay Area and
    diversified its service offerings to provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering pregnancy preparation,
    IVF, prenatal, childbirth and postpartum. The Group acquired a new property in February 2022, which
    will be officially put into operation in 2025 for our Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, with a view to capture
    the anticipated growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater Bay Area and
    expand its capacity by enhancing spatial and environmental factors, as well as to expand the VIP service to
    satisfy the multi-dimensional needs of our patients. The Group also completed the acquisition of controlling
    interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital, thereby, further expanding the Company’s market share
    and influence in Southwest China.

    In late 2022, the Group conducted an internal restructuring to enable Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
    Campus) to further expand its scope of offerings and provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics
    Services, being the cutting-edge technology for pre-natal examination in accordance with the applicable PRC
    laws. In April 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) merged their
    ARS-related medical licenses to Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, building a strong reputation and enhanced its
    market influence in ARS, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively with to their excellent
    medical quality and superior service experiences. We expect to further promote the synergistic effects of
    the two hospitals and strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation.

    As part of our growth strategies, HRC Medical has sought to expand its business by way of recruiting
    physicians and constructing clinics by itself. In 2024, HRC Medical has seen significant results in physician
    recruitment, with five new physicians joining HRC Medical this year. The Group has also entered into
    contracts with an additional 12 doctors, who are expected to join within the next two years. In July 2024,
    HRC Medical’s satellite centre in Beverly Hills has officially begun operations. In December 2024, a new
    business development hub was established in San Francisco.




2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 Company Profile



The Group expects the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive services in China to
significantly increase as the PRC government implements supportive policies and supportive measures to
encourage fertility. In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State
Council issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced Population
Development” (《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), pursuant to which couples are allowed
to have up to three children, and supportive measures are being introduced covering various aspects to
encourage births. Since then, there are more provinces and cities in China introducing incentive policies to
encourage childbirth, such as setting up childcare subsidy. In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities
including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing
Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide
local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including maternity insurance) funds,
relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures, gradually
list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such medical
insurance funds.

As at the date of this report, a total of 31 provinces/municipalities in China and Xinjiang Production and
Construction Corps have officially included ARS treatment in the scope of national medical insurance
payment, and geographically the coverage has been expanded across mainland China. The “Resolution of
the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Deepening Reform Comprehensively to
Advance Chinese Modernization” (the “Resolution”) adopted at the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central
Committee of the Communist Party of China in July 2024 set forth a strategic plan for improving the systems
that support population development and provide related services. The Resolution has instituted a series of
major measures to provide full life-cycle population services to all in order to effectively bringing down the
“Trio Nurture Costs” (i.e., the costs of childbirth, parenting and education). These measures are intended to
raise the public share of expenses relating to childbirth, parenting and education, improve the standard of
public services for childbirth and pediatric medical services, enhance the capabilities of basic medical and
healthcare services in the childbirth cycle, expand assisted reproductive technology resources, and improve
the healthcare systems for maternal and infant health, productivity and pediatrics.

In 2024, the central government, as well as local governments, intensively issued relevant policies to promote
the development of private hospitals and “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改). Further in 2025, the Report
of the Work of the Government delivered at the Third Session of the 14th National People’s Congress of the
People’s Republic of China proposed for the first time the establishment of a specialized fund covering the
full cycle of “childbirth, parenting, and education,” focusing on measures such as the distribution of childcare
subsidies and increasing affordable childcare services. This marks a new height in childbirth support policies.

Coupled with the broader context of the “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改), with the national guiding
principle of integrating public and private healthcare to provide differentiated medical services for the public,
adjustments in the public’s current perception on childbirth and the refinement of government’s childbirth
policies have created structural, long-term development opportunities for private medical institutions. These
institutions, which provide group-based, standardized, and high-quality services for assisted reproduction
and even the full lifecycle, are set to benefit significantly from these changes.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    STRATEGIC DECISIONS COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                   Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
                                                          Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and
                                                          Dr. Li Jianwei
      Acting Chief Financial Officer)
                                                          Mr. Chen Shuyun
    Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
    Dr. Geng Lihong
                                                          MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
    Non-executive Directors                               R&D COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                             Dr. Geng Lihong (Chairman)
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                            Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
    Mr. Chen Shuyun                                       COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                          Ms. Zhai Yangyang (resigned on October 31, 2025)
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                          Ms. Ng Sau Mei (resigned on October 31, 2025)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                   Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona
    Dr. Li Jianwei                                         (appointed on October 31, 2025)
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                          Mr. Dong Yang
    AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT                             Ms. Ng Sau Mei (resigned on October 31, 2025)
    COMMITTEE                                             Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona
    Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                            (appointed on October 31, 2025)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                            REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                                          Vistra (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Chen Shuyun
                                                          P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
                                                          Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Grand Cayman
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                        KY1-1205
    Mr. Dong Yang                                         Cayman Islands
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing
    Mr. Chen Shuyun

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo (Chairman)
    Dr. Lyu Rong
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Ye Changqing




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Corporate Information



HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL                  AUDITOR
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
No. 301, North Jingsha Road                 Certified Public Accountants
Jinjiang District, Chengdu                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Sichuan, China                              35/F One Pacific Place
                                            88 Queensway
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                 Hong Kong

IN HONG KONG
                                            STOCK CODE
Unit No. 1907B
Level 19, International Commerce Centre,    1951
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
Hong Kong                                   COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                            www.jxr-fertility.com
CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
Grand Cayman
KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited
Shops 1712-1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
Fangda Partners
26/F, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong




                                                   Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   5
    Financial Summary




                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                     2021          2022        2023      2024           2025
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


    Operating results
    Revenue                                      1,838,826    2,364,479    2,788,910    2,811,596    2,649,073
    Gross profit                                   771,482      874,319    1,175,445    1,099,454      886,541
    (Loss) Profit before taxation                  457,927      154,324      464,268      391,887     (982,961)
    Net (loss) profit                              353,697      117,949      346,983      273,467     (983,885)
    Adjusted net profit                            455,276      274,136      471,451      416,345      209,307
    Profitability
    Gross profit margin                              42.0%       37.0%        42.1%        39.1%        33.5%
    Net profit margin                                19.2%        5.0%        12.4%         9.7%       -37.1%
    Adjusted net profit margin                       24.8%       11.6%        16.9%        14.8%         7.9%


                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                     2021        2022        2023      2024             2025
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Financial position
    Total assets                                12,825,390   15,232,037   14,896,177   14,981,794   13,963,131
    Total equity                                 8,752,701    8,735,128   10,186,812   10,354,187    9,198,821
    Total liabilities                            4,072,689    6,496,909    4,709,365    4,627,607    4,764,310
    Bank balances and cash                         862,325    1,316,549      624,280      546,196      905,782




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                          Statement of Chief Executive Officer



To All Shareholders:

The year 2025 marked a pivotal year of transition, recovery, and strategic focus in Jinxin’s development
journey.

Over the past year, the Group achieved a total of 28,039 treatment cycles; operating cash flow remained
robust, reaching RMB588 million; compared to the first half of the year, the second half saw a 3.1% increase
in cycle numbers, a 3.8% increase in management revenue, an 18.6% increase in adjusted EBITDA, and a
54.3% increase in adjusted net profit. This operational recovery is not a short-term bounce, but the result
of the combined effects of structural optimization, efficiency enhancements, and strategic focus.

With the accelerated adjustments to fertility policies in China and the US, and profound changes in the industry
landscape, the Company navigated phased operational pressures, optimized historical assets, reshaped
its organizational capabilities, and recalibrated its strategic direction. Facing these challenges, we neither
evaded them nor adopted a wait-and-see approach. By frankly confronting problems, decisively clearing
risks, resolutely focusing on our core business, and strengthening long-term capabilities, we have
embarked on a critical five-year period transitioning from “dispersed expansion” to “intensive growth,” and
from “scale first” to “prioritizing quality and cash flow.”

Standing at the juncture of the year’s end and the beginning of a new journey, on behalf of the Company’s
management, I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to our long-term shareholders for their unwavering
trust, to our partners for their support, to the patient families who have entrusted us with their hopes, and
to all Jinxin colleagues who have steadfastly held the frontline. Let us review the reflections and adjustments
made during this process.

LOOKING BACK AT 2025: RECOVERING THROUGH ADJUSTMENTS AND
ADVANCING THROUGH RISK CLEARANCE
In 2025, important changes occurred in the internal and external environments. Externally, in the Chinese
market, medical insurance policies were fully implemented for the first time in the main regions where the
Group operates. Although the reimbursement rate is still relatively low, it is a process of cognitive adaptation
for patient families, hospitals, and the Group. In the US market, historic commercial insurance policies have
fully covered assisted fertility expenses for the vast majority of working families in California. The policy was
extended mid-year and postponed by half a year to take effect on January 1, 2026. In terms of demographic
structure, the median age of users in the Chinese market has risen rapidly, and their understanding of assisted
reproductive technology has continuously improved. Influenced by policy expectations, US users’ interest
and demand for consumer-oriented reproductive health products and services, such as fertility preservation,
have significantly increased. Meanwhile, traditional fertility desires in China reached a historical low in 2025,
following the multiple pressures of economic slowdown after three years of the pandemic, the impact of
the real estate economic contraction on household wealth, and the employment uncertainty of the younger
generation. In response to this series of factors, we needed to re-examine the core value propositions and
efficiency requirements of providing reproductive services.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Statement of Chief Executive Officer



    Faced with this complex historical environment, we recalibrated our understanding of the following points
        and adjusted our business strategy accordingly:

    1.   The medium- to long-term demand for assisted reproduction has not fundamentally changed. The three
         judgments we made at the time of our IPO remain valid.

         a.    In the long cycle of population decline, the long-term upward trend in assisted reproductive
               demand remains unchanged. Over the past three years, the superposition of multiple economic
               and consumption factors has caused the slope of the population downward curve to be overly
               distorted, making it difficult to see the inclination rate of the upward curve of the assisted reproductive
               business. We remain cautiously optimistic about a further cliff-like drop in the population slope and
               have estimated the business volume of assisted reproduction based on a lower population base,
               believing that the medium- and long-term market growth trend remains unchanged.

         b.    The continuous increase in the median age of users imposes higher requirements on
               assisted reproductive cycles, technology, and success rates. The age of the Group’s users
               has increased by nearly 5 years compared to when we went public, and the phenomenon of delayed
               childbearing is obvious. This raises the overall demand for technical success rates, large-cycle
               stability, and comprehensive health services for women and children. We believe that mothers are
               the decision-makers for family health expenditures, and reproductive health services are the best
               products to establish this bond of health trust.

         c.    Long-term policy dividends. Whether in the Chinese or US markets, the rollout of policies has
               exceeded our expectations. However, the complexity, phasing, and timing of such population
               stimulus policies also exceeded our estimates. US policies have gone through multiple rounds of
               hearings, discussions, and delays, while Chinese policies have advanced in both support magnitude
               and regulatory magnitude. We need to optimistically look at the long river of history and see that
               our medium- and long-term judgments at the time of the IPO are still valid: no country or region
               with a declining population fails to comprehensively subsidize assisted reproduction—I prefer to
               view such public and private sector subsidies as an “investment.” We believe this is the wisest
               demographic dividend investment that policymakers will increasingly realize.

    2.   Jinxin’s shareholder structure has undergone significant changes. At the beginning of our listing, over
         50% of our investors came from overseas, and Jinxin became the world’s first assisted reproductive
         group with both cycle volume and profit scale. Sitting on the largest US and Chinese markets once
         made us the darling of the capital market. As of 2025, about 50% of our shareholder structure consists
         of Hong Kong Stock Connect investors. Investors have different risk appetites, regional distributions,
         and revenue/profit growth expectations for different asset portfolios.




8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                         Statement of Chief Executive Officer



3.   The market opportunities Jinxin faces in China and the US, as well as the required team capabilities
     and focus, are different. In the Chinese market, where the birth rate is under short-term pressure and
     subsidy amounts are relatively low, despite the unchanged long-term development trend, the price
     inversion in the M&A market and sluggish demand have led shareholders to focus more on high-quality
     profit and cash flow levels. In the US market, with nearly 100% subsidies, capturing market share has
     become the top priority. After years of repeated attempts, the most effective way for medium- and
     long-term capital to capture market share remains building our own clinics and independently training
     doctors. Combining the two, the sluggish revenue growth in the Chinese market, coupled with the profit
     pressure brought by independent doctor training and clinic expansion in the US market, made it seem
     as though we could not see either a revenue growth story or a profit expansion story on our financial
     statements. The superimposed complexity of policies in both places turned Jinxin from the simplest
     story in the medical market to the hardest chapter to understand. We need to adjust our operating
     pace according to the current shareholder structure and do the right and meaningful things for our
     shareholders.

Based on the above macro background, reflecting on our business strategies in the Chinese and US markets,
and drawing lessons from the short-term failure of some past capital allocations, we have summarized the
following key adjustment strategies and will persist in executing them in 2025-2026:

1.   Proactive risk clearance and comprehensive balance sheet restoration
     Facing goodwill risks, we recognized impairment provisions for the intangible assets generated by the
     HRC M&A in the United States and certain non-core assets, shedding long-term historical burdens in
     a single stroke. This was a difficult but responsible decision aimed at more objectively reflecting asset
     values, optimizing our long-term capital structure, enhancing future operational certainty, and allowing
     the Company to move forward with a lighter burden.

     Facing liquidity risks, we completed syndicated loan replacements and optimized our financing structure.
     The comprehensive financing cost for the year dropped to 4.36%, a decrease of more than three
     percentage points from the historical high, and is expected to further drop below 4% in 2026. By the
     end of 2025, Group’s unused credit facility reached RMB1.1 billion, significantly bolstering our capital
     safety cushion and building a solid foundation for future growth and shareholder returns.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Statement of Chief Executive Officer



     2.   Comprehensive Strategic Focus: Returning to the Essence of Healthcare and
          Doing the Right, Long-Term Things

          In 2025, our biggest transformation was learning to focus:

          •     we divested non-core, low-synergy, and non-long-term value projects, concentrating resources
                and energy on our core business;

          •     we centered on “reproductive health users,” returning our focus to success rates, patient experience,
                service efficiency, and medical quality; and

          •     we shifted from outward expansion to organic growth, and from chasing narratives to pursuing
                authentic performance and cash flow.

          We have always believed that the core of medical services lies in clinical outcomes and patient trust. Only
          by mastering the fundamentals can we navigate through cycles and achieve steady, long-term progress.

          Our regional operational focus can be simplified as:

          •     Chengdu: Integrated services, contributing to full-life-cycle operating cash flow

          •     Greater Bay Area: Completing relocation, increasing market share in the Greater Bay Area

          •     US: Strengthening operating cash flow and capital cash flow recovery

          1)    Chinese Business: Consolidating the foundation of the domestic core business,
                enhancing service and technological barriers, and focusing on core regions
                The Chengdu hospital—following its upgrade to a Grade III Level A hospital and the acquisition
                of the third-generation IVF license—has seen rapid growth in new businesses such as third-
                generation IVF, prenatal diagnosis and genetics, and integrated IVF-obstetrics services in 2025.
                It continues to consolidate its position as a regional leader and its profit contribution capability.
                The number of egg retrieval cycles for the year increased by 1.3% year-on-year despite a sharp
                decline in the first half of the year, and the VIP penetration rate rose to 21.2%. In 2026, we will
                continue to promote the integration of the three hospitals, strengthen cost scale advantages and
                team synergy advantages, and further enhance profitability and cash flow.

                In the Greater Bay Area, the construction of the new Shenzhen hospital was completed and put
                into trial operation in February 2026, with a usable area of approximately 40,000 square meters. The
                cycle capacity has increased by at least three times, and the business will further extend to cover
                the entire Greater Bay Area, becoming the Group’s southern headquarters and second growth pole.
                In the second half of 2025, the number of egg retrieval cycles at the Shenzhen hospital increased
                by 15.1% half-over-half. Over the next ten years, this southern headquarters hospital of Jinxin will
                become the largest international women’s reproductive health hospital in the Greater Bay Area.




10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                     Statement of Chief Executive Officer



2)   US Business: Actively slowing down expansion, enhancing operating cash flow, and
     improving capital cash flow recovery capabilities.
     In 2025, we completed a comprehensive review of the assets, liabilities, and operating models
     of our US business, and established a clear strategic direction of “slowing down expansion and
     recovering cash flow” to better match the current shareholders’ focus on cash flow quality.

     Currently, the operations of our US business are stable. The physician team, operational capabilities,
     and compliance systems continue to strengthen. Coupled with the implementation of commercial
     insurance policies in California, the business is in an upward performance cycle. Driven by the dual
     effects of commercial insurance policies and early physician reserves, according to the disclosed
     figures for January to February, the US business has ushered in historic growth.

3)   Strengthening Shareholder Returns: Putting Commitments into Practice
     Changes in the operating environment and adjustments to the shareholder structure have prompted
     us to make the above adjustments, which ultimately return to a key question: how do we reward
     our shareholders? We have always believed that excellent medical services must be translated
     into healthy, sustainable cash flow and shareholder value.

     In 2025, we comprehensively strengthened capital discipline: strictly controlling capital expenditures.
     Excluding the Shenzhen project and final payments for certain projects, new capital investments
     in 2026 are expected to be less than RMB50 million, and free cash flow will improve significantly.

     Hereby, we have issued a 3-year shareholder return policy to all shareholders:

     1.   2025 Final Dividend: Distribute approximately RMB100 million in cash dividends, accounting
          for about 20% of the adjusted EBITDA for 2025.

     2.   2026-2028 Shareholder Return Plan: 50%-80% of the annual adjusted EBITDA will be used
          for share repurchases and cash dividends; among them, the annual cash dividend will not
          be less than 20% of the adjusted EBITDA, and the remaining portion will be used for other
          returns conducive to earnings per share based on market conditions.

     3.   Share Repurchase: Within the next 12 months, implement a share repurchase of up to RMB300
          million.

     We will demonstrate a high degree of alignment between management and shareholder interests
     with stable, continuous, and predictable returns.




                                                           Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   11
     Statement of Chief Executive Officer



     FINALLY: TO OUR LONG-TERM COMPANIONS — BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF
     TIME, AND STICK TO THE ORIGINAL INTENTION OF MEDICAL OPERATIONS

     The Jinxin brand began in 1951, with over seventy years of original intention in medical practice, and six
     years of transformation since going public. We have experienced the difficulties of integration, the pains of
     expansion, and the pressures of cycles, but we have also accumulated operational foundation, organizational
     resilience, and long-termism through these hardships. Every reflection, learning, and growth is the beginning
     of the next development. In 2026, we will open a new five-year chapter together.

     Thank you to all shareholders for your companionship and trust and thank you to every Jinxin member for
     your perseverance and dedication.




     Dong Yang (Sunny)
     CEO

     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited




12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



INDUSTRY TRENDS
Looking ahead at the global market, the assisted reproduction market demonstrates a sustainable growth
trend that defies declining birth rates over the medium to long term. We believe that against the broader
backdrop of falling global birth rates, assisted reproduction undoubtedly represents a highly certain medium-
to long-term growth opportunity. According to data from SAC Insight, the global IVF market size is estimated
at USD3.156 billion in 2025 and is projected to reach USD10.466 billion by 2032, representing a compound
annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18.7% during this period. Such a high growth rate is truly rare among most
industries.

From 2019 to 2025, the number of births in China continued to decline. Particularly post-pandemic, according
to data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the number of births experienced an accelerated
decline, dropping to approximately 8 million. This decline is the result of multiple compounding factors,
primarily including the post-pandemic economic slowdown, tightened regulations in the real estate sector,
and foundational impacts of the population structure. The intertwining of these factors has also distorted the
short-term growth trajectory of the assisted reproduction market, leading to market skepticism regarding an
overall mid-term decline in assisted reproduction cycles.

However, we firmly believe that our foundational assessment remains unchanged: in the medium to long
term, the volume of assisted reproductive cycles will exhibit a sustainable growth trend that defies the overall
decline in birth rates. This is primarily driven by multiple factors, including the continuously rising median age
of childbearing, an increase in the number of cycles per patient, the application of new assisted reproductive
technologies, and improved patient awareness and education regarding assisted reproduction. According to
our statistical data, in 2025, the average patient age at our Chengdu and Shenzhen campuses has increased
to 34 and 35.7 years old, respectively. Notably, among patients of advanced maternal age (over 35), an
increasing number are choosing to utilize Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) technologies and further
opting for our integrated reproductive health and maternity care services.

We must view the short-term suppression of the willingness to have children—stemming from the impacts
of the economic slowdown and real estate regulations on short-term per capita disposable income and
household wealth—with greater rationality and patience. We are delighted to observe that, according to the
latest marriage registration data released by the Ministry of Civil Affairs on February 11, 2026, the number
of marriage registrations reached 6.763 million couples, representing a 10.76% increase compared to 2024.

According to the latest research report by Frost & Sullivan, the number of newborns in China is predicted to
have hit the bottom in 2025, potentially marking an upcoming inflection point. Moving forward, the number
of newborns is expected to gradually stabilize and slightly rebound. Concurrently, according to Frost &
Sullivan, while the number of births dropped between 2016 and 2025, the number of couples experiencing
infertility has continued to rise. The China Infertility Status Research Report indicates that China’s infertility
rate stood at approximately 18.2% in 2023. The number of infertile couples in China is increasing year by
year, having grown from 54.8 million in 2020 to an estimated 60.6 million in 2025, and is projected to further
rise to 67.4 million in 2030 and 74.4 million in 2035.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Overall, China’s assisted reproductive service (ARS) penetration rate1 remains significantly lower than that
     of developed countries. In 2025, China’s ARS penetration rate was only about 10.5%, far below Europe
     (36.5%) and the U.S. (34.5%). With the intensive rollout of fertility subsidy policies across various regions in
     China and the inclusion of ARS treatment in the national medical reimbursement program, further recovery
     of China’s birthrates and improvements in ARS penetration rates are expected.

     REGULATORY OVERVIEW
     During the 2026 National “Two Sessions” (Lianghui), multiple delegates and committee members actively
     offered suggestions and proposals regarding the development of a fertility-friendly society and fertility
     preservation efforts:

     •    Establishing specialized clinics for fertility protection and preservation counseling, accelerating the
          improvement of the fertility support policy system, and establishing a national-level fertility protection
          and preservation center centered on ovarian tissue cryopreservation and transplantation. Currently, 47
          medical institutions nationwide have carried out minimally invasive surgeries for ovarian tissue retrieval,
          initially establishing a national fertility protection network centered on ovarian tissue cryobanks, with
          related technologies gradually becoming standardized and scalable.

     •    Urging national policies to break through administrative bottlenecks, removing barriers for populations
          seeking egg freezing, while setting preconditions for the act of egg freezing. Enhancing fertility protection
          by including the costs of infertility examinations and assisted reproductive technologies into the scope of
          medical insurance pooling, continuously expanding the coverage of maternity insurance, and exploring
          the inclusion of urban and rural residents into the social security system.

     •    Formulating a unified national medical insurance payment catalog for assisted reproduction, promoting
          direct settlement for cross-provincial medical treatments, implementing multidisciplinary cooperation
          in reproductive medicine, and including psychological counseling costs in medical insurance.
          Simultaneously, it was suggested to allow single women to use assisted reproductive technologies
          and abolish discriminatory policies against out-of-wedlock births.

     •    Allowing single women to use assisted reproductive technologies and abolishing discriminatory policies
          against out-of-wedlock births to respond to the societal demand for fertility preservation. Previously,
          the National Health Commission stated that it is advancing the drafting of the “Regulations on the
          Administration of Assisted Reproductive Technology” and will prudently study issues such as egg freezing
          for single women, balancing medical, ethical, and social risks. As a reference for policy optimization in
          the mainland, Hong Kong officially abolished its time limit on egg freezing storage starting December
          1, 2025, allowing eggs to be frozen indefinitely.

     Most of the above suggestions remain under study or are currently being piloted at the local level, and their
     nationwide implementation remains subject to further regulatory developments.

     Since 2021, the Chinese government has introduced a series of policies to encourage childbirth and launched
     multiple initiatives to improve the accessibility and affordability of assisted reproductive services.



     1
          Penetration rate refers to the proportion of patients with ARS needs who actually receive treatment. The data is sourced
          from the “2026 White Paper on the Development Status and Future Trends of China’s Assisted Reproduction Industry”
          released by Frost & Sullivan in March 2026.


14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



In August 2022, 17 governmental departments including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines
on Further Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積
極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance
(including maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards, and other factors as a whole, and
in accordance with the procedures, gradually list appropriate labor analgesia and assisted reproductive
technology programs in the coverage of such medical insurance funds. By March 2025, a total of 31 provinces/
municipalities in China and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps have officially included ARS
treatment in the scope of national medical insurance payment, and geographically the coverage has been
expanded across mainland China. In addition, Sichuan, Guangdong, Hubei, and Yunnan provinces, where
the Group’s operating subsidiaries are located, have also started to include ARS treatment in the scope of
national medical insurance payment since the fourth quarter of 2024.

The “Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Deepening Reform
Comprehensively to Advance Chinese Modernization” (the “Resolution”) adopted at the Third Plenary Session
of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in July 2024 set forth a strategic plan for
improving the systems that support population development and provide related services. The Resolution
also emphasizes the promotion of a childbirth-friendly society. From the perspective of refining the policy
system and incentive mechanism for boosting fertility, the Resolution, in accordance with the requirements
of covering the entire population and the full life cycle, has instituted a series of major measures centered
on bringing down the “Trio Nurture Costs” (i.e., the costs of childbirth, parenting, and education). These
measures include introducing a system of childbirth subsidies; integrating various subsidy forms based on
the current common practices of various provinces and cities and gradually increasing the level of subsidies;
and synergistically advancing this with the expanded coverage of maternity insurance. This aims to form
a broadly covered fundamental childcare support system for families, raise the public share of expenses
relating to childbirth, parenting, and education, improve the standard of public services for basic childbirth
and pediatric medical services, enhance the capabilities of basic medical and healthcare services throughout
the entire childbirth cycle, expand assisted reproductive technology service resources, and improve the
healthcare service systems for maternal and infant health, reproductive health, and pediatrics.

In October 2024, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Several Measures on Accelerating the
Improvement of the Fertility Support Policy System to Promote the Construction of a Fertility-Friendly Society”
(《關於加快完善生育支持政策體系推動建設生育友好型社會的若干措施》) (the “Several Measures”). The
Several Measures proposed 13 specific measures for building a fertility support system across four dimensions:
fertility service support, childcare service systems, education, housing and employment, and fostering a
childbirth-friendly society. It aims to accelerate the improvement of fertility support policies and promote the
creation of a childbirth-friendly society. On November 27, 2024, the National Health Commission convened a
meeting to implement the Several Measures, emphasizing the need for all regions and departments to plan
in a coordinated manner and advance the implementation of various policy measures to achieve effective
results. On December 11, 2024, the Central Economic Work Conference proposed “formulating policies to
promote childbirth” as one of the key tasks for 2025.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     In 2025, the Report of the Work of the Government delivered at the Third Session of the 14th National
     People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China proposed for the first time the establishment of a
     specialized fund covering the full cycle of “childbirth, parenting, and education,” focusing on measures such
     as the distribution of childcare subsidies and increasing affordable childcare services. This marks a new
     height in childbirth support policies.

     On March 7, 2025, Mr. Lei Haichao, the Director of the National Health Commission of China, pointed out
     during the open delegation meeting of the Jiangsu delegation at the Third Session of the 14th National
     People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China, that “The population issue remains an important issue
     requiring in-depth and dynamic study. This year, childcare subsidies will be available, and the National Health
     Commission of China is working with relevant departments to draft an operational plan for these childcare
     subsidies.”

     In July 2025, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council
     issued the Implementation Plan for the Childcare Subsidy System. The plan stipulates that, starting from
     January 1, 2025, subsidies will be provided for infants and toddlers under 3 years old who are born in
     accordance with laws and regulations, until they reach the age of 3. According to the plan, the subsidy
     targets are infants and toddlers under 3 years old born on or after January 1, 2025, in compliance with laws
     and regulations. In other words, subsidies can be applied for regardless of whether the child is the first,
     second, or third child.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS UPDATES
Key Operating Information
The following operating data have been provided by the Group’s in-network hospitals and by hospitals
and clinics managed under invest-operate-transfer (“IOT”) agreements or management service agreements
(“MSA”). IOT/MSA institutions refer to hospitals and clinics controlled by the Group through discipline co-
construction and cooperation agreements and management service agreements.

Operating data as at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB: million
                                                                            Revenue Derived From Medical Services
                                                       Number of
                                     Number of      IVF treatment           Self-owned             IOT/MSA
Region                              Institutions            cycles          institutions         institutions             Total


Chengdu                                        3             14,070               1,176                  371              1,547
Greater Bay Area                               3              5,428                 428                    –                428
Kunming and Wuhan                              3              4,306                 274                    –                274
Overseas                                      14              4,235                 156                  673                829


Total                                         23             28,039               2,034                1,044              3,078


Operating data as at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                   RMB: million
                                                                                            Operating Revenue
                                                         Number of
                                     Number of        IVF treatment          Self-owned             IOT/MSA
Region                               Institutions             cycles         institutions         institutions             Total


Chengdu                                        3             13,884               1,258                  424              1,682
Greater Bay Area                               3              5,769                 469                    –                469
Kunming and Wuhan                              3              4,242                 266                    –                266
Overseas                                      14              4,548                 153                  636                789


Total                                         23             28,443               2,146                1,060              3,206

Notes:

(1)     The revenue from IOT/MSA organizations in the operating data is the reported revenue of the hospitals, which has not
        been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated statements. The consolidated revenue of the Group is the management
        fee received from IOT/MSA organizations, which amounted to approximately RMB497.7 million in 2025, compared to
        approximately RMB544.8 million in 2024.

(2)     The above operating data do not include non-medical institutions.




                                                                            Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     (3)   To capitalize on the historic growth opportunities in California’s IVF industry spurred by the enactment of SB 729, which
           took effect in January 2026, HRC Fertility has expanded its operational network across the state to capture the anticipated
           surge in patient volume and market share. Under SB 729, large corporate health insurance plans (i.e., those covering
           over 100 employees) are required to provide coverage for infertility diagnosis and treatment, while small and medium-
           sized employers have the option to participate voluntarily. This coverage mandates three complete oocyte retrieval (OPU)
           cycles and unlimited embryo transfer cycles, while strictly prohibiting differential treatment based on marital status or other
           personal characteristics.

           Specifically, HRC Fertility expanded its footprint in the San Francisco Bay Area in Q1 2025 by opening a new satellite
           clinic in the city center and acquiring an established, premier fertility clinic in Silicon Valley. Furthermore, in Q3 2025, HRC
           Fertility launched a new state-of-the-art clinic in Beverly Hills—one of the most affluent and high-potential markets in the
           Los Angeles area.


     Chengdu operations
     As disclosed in the interim report, our Chengdu operations experienced a significant decline in the first half
     of the year, with the number of oocyte retrieval (OPU) cycles decreasing by 6.1% year-on-year compared to
     the first half of 2024. In the second half of the year, the Company actively responded to various challenges
     by implementing a series of measures, such as optimizing patient management and improving the patient
     experience, to enhance patient retention and reduce patient loss. Notably, the re-consultation rate within three
     months for patients who experienced prior artificial insemination (“IUI”) failures increased by 6 percentage
     points year-on-year compared to 2024, and the proportion of patients with a history of treatment failure at
     other hospitals increased by 2 percentage points year-on-year. These efforts enabled the full-year cycle volume
     to achieve year-on-year growth, with the number of IVF treatment cycles increasing by 1.3% from 13,884 in
     2024 to 14,070 in 2025. Concurrently, the VIP penetration rate at the Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng
     Campus) continued to rise to approximately 21.2%, representing a year-on-year increase of 1 percentage
     point compared to 2024. Furthermore, the number of IUI patients increased from 660 for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 to 1,947 for the year ended December 31, 2025. The total number of treatment cycles
     for our Chengdu operations (i.e., IUI and OPU cycles) continued to rise during the Reporting Period, with
     the total number of treatment cycles increasing by 10.1%.

     Since the introduction of third-generation IVF in 2024, we have cumulatively served over 2,500 patients
     as at the date of this announcement. Notably, in 2025, we completed 1,583 third-generation IVF cycles,
     representing a significant year-on-year increase of 72.8%. As the median age of our patients continues to
     rise, the penetration rate of this business is expected to also achieve rapid growth over the next five years.
     According to U.S. market reports based on CDC data, over 50% of IVF cycles in the United States currently
     utilize PGT technology. Simultaneously, the Group launched prenatal diagnosis and genetic counseling
     services in 2024 to safeguard the pregnancies of women who conceived via IVF, providing multiple layers of
     protection for the birth of healthy babies. Furthermore, leveraging over 70 years of experience in maternal
     and child healthcare and 20 years of expertise in assisted reproductive technology, Jinxin has pioneered the
     creation of an integrated IVF maternity and neonatal care model featuring “Assisted Reproduction | Full-Cycle
     | Individualization.” By combining an all-round expert team with multidisciplinary team (“MDT”) consultations,
     the Group streamlines inefficiencies with technology, safeguards the entire diagnosis and treatment process
     for patients from conception to birth, and achieves the goal of delivering healthy babies. VIP services are
     designed to provide a stress-free experience, covering all dimensions from physical to psychological support,
     and achieving a burden-free pregnancy through systematic integration.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



In response to the current economic environment and the growing concern on public health, the Chengdu
campus launched great health management services covering the full lifecycle. Operating under a centralized
model, our Chengdu operation launched new specialized businesses, such as establishing a Women’s Health
Management Center focused on developing services around cervical clinics, menopause management clinics,
pelvic floor clinics, and anti-aging. It also established a Men’s Health Management Center, adding male
minimally invasive surgeries and andrology center, alongside opening new departments including dentistry, ENT
(ear, nose, and throat), ophthalmology, psychology (sleep clinics and adolescent clinics), weight loss centers,
and medical dermatology & aesthetics. Furthermore, a Sino-Western Medicine Children’s Health Center was
established to provide full-cycle diagnosis and treatment services for children from birth to adolescence
through integrated Chinese and Western medicine. These initiatives aim to expand great healthcare services
for the full lifecycle and provide multidimensional health diagnoses and treatments.

Operations in the Greater Bay Area
Starting from the second half of 2025, the Greater Bay Area operations have continued to recover. The
Shenzhen campus optimized its diagnosis and treatment processes, as well as the management of patients
who failed IUI, achieving remarkable results in improving the conversion rate of IUI-failed patients to IVF cycles.
Compared to the first half of 2025, the number of IVF cycles in the Greater Bay Area in the second half of
2025 increased by 13.8%. As disclosed in the interim report, the Greater Bay Area operations experienced
a significant decline in the first half of the year, with the number of oocyte retrieval (OPU) cycles decreasing
by 16% year-on-year compared to the first half of 2024. This was primarily due to changes in the clinical visit
process, which led to a significant increase in the proportion of IUI cycles, as well as the delayed relocation
to the new Shenzhen campus. For the full year, the number of OPU cycles decreased by 5.9% from 5,769
in 2024 to 5,428 in 2025, while the number of IUI patients increased from 746 for the year ended December
31, 2024 to 1,769 for the year ended December 31, 2025. During the Reporting Period, the total number of
treatment cycles (i.e., IUI and OPU cycles) for our Greater Bay Area operations continued to increase, overall
growing by 10.5%. Revenue decreased by 8.8% from approximately RMB468.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB427.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The new Shenzhen campus completed its relocation and officially commenced operations in February 2026.
In its first two months, it has already achieved an 18% year-on-year growth in business volume. The new
campus covers a gross floor area of approximately 40,000 square meters, increasing cycle capacity by
approximately four times. Leveraging this capacity advantage and favorable policies in the Greater Bay Area,
the IVF business is expected to experience strong growth. Additionally, the campus will expand its offerings
to include VIP services, featured specialties, and international medical services.

Our Shenzhen campus is exploring new full lifecycle operation models, with a core focus on the reproductive
business while providing more precise diagnosis and treatment services for patients with immune diseases.
By resolving complex cases, we aim to improve success rates and thereby build a reproductive immunology
specialty brand. In the process, we have expanded integrated IVF maternity care and high-end VIP services
to provide featured diagnosis and treatment services. For male azoospermia patients, we have introduced
in vitro sperm extraction technology and laboratory embryonic protein screening technology, effectively
improving male sperm quality and thereby increasing the success rate of IVF treatments.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Operations in Kunming and Wuhan
     Following in Jiuzhou Hospital’s footsteps, Hewanjia Hospital also completed its renovation and upgrades in
     September 2025, enhancing the patient experience while exploring an integrated IVF maternity care model.
     This model enables patients who successfully conceive through IVF to seamlessly transition to our obstetrics
     departments for continued medical services. Although the six-month-long campus renovation caused a 2.7%
     decline in cycle numbers in Kunming during the first half of the year, the Kunming campus actively caught up
     in the second half, achieving a 5.3% half-on-half growth in cycle numbers. Overall, the total number of IVF
     treatment cycles for our operations in Wuhan and Kunming increased by 1.5% from 4,242 in 2024 to 4,306
     in 2025. Revenue increased by 2.9% from approximately RMB265.9 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024 to approximately RMB273.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

     The Group has strengthened the integration process for newly acquired hospitals, comprehensively advancing
     high-standard quality control management by establishing medical quality control inspection standards,
     focusing on key reproductive quality control data, and conducting on-site inspections and guidance for
     medical and reproductive quality control. Over the past two to three years, no medical safety issues have
     occurred at the newly acquired hospitals. Each campus strictly adheres to the core value of “safety and
     quality,” building a safe, reliable, and standardized medical system for the provision of assisted reproductive
     medical services.

     In the private assisted reproductive medical institution market across Yunnan and Guizhou provinces, our
     license resources possess extreme scarcity and represent a core competitive advantage. Currently, only five
     private hospitals in total across the two provinces have been approved for assisted reproductive licenses,
     and we exclusively hold two of them. This ranks our market share at the forefront of the industry and forms
     a significant license advantage. The Kunming campus not only deeply covers the patient demographic within
     Yunnan Province but also effectively radiates to and attracts patients from Guizhou Province. Currently, IVF
     patients from Guizhou Province account for 31% of the hospital’s total patient visits.

     In 2025, the Kunming and Wuhan regions achieved remarkable results in operational optimization, with
     marketing expenses decreasing by 10.9% year-on-year, realizing effective cost control. Meanwhile, the
     proportion of word-of-mouth (WOM) patients in the region has shown a steady upward trend year by year,
     continuously highlighting the value of WOM referrals. Based on current development achievements and market
     feedback, the campuses in Kunming and Wuhan will continue to deepen their operational strategies. Moving
     forward, they will further reduce marketing costs and tilt resources more towards the in-depth maintenance
     of WOM patients, the expansion of new WOM patients, and the establishment and optimization of two-way
     referral channels. By building a customer acquisition system centered on WOM, we aim to fully leverage the
     promotional effect of existing WOM patients to attract more high-quality patients through recommendations.
     This will form a virtuous cycle that continuously lowers overall customer acquisition costs and achieves
     sustainable, high-quality business development.




20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



Overseas Operations
Despite the operational challenges posed by the delayed implementation of SB 729 and the LA wildfires in
January, HRC Fertility maintained solid management revenue growth momentum, with a 5.1% year-over-year
increase compared to 2024.

Furthermore, through ongoing enhancements in medical quality and patient care, HRC has strengthened
its pricing power in a competitive market. Its blended average selling price (ASP) rose by 11.8% in 2025
relative to 2024.

Looking ahead to the historic growth opportunities in California’s IVF industry driven by SB 729, HRC made
proactive pre‑investments in facility and medical team expansion over the past year. This has positioned
HRC as one of the most competitive fertility providers in California, well placed to capture a larger market
share in the future.

Leveraging HRC Medical’s 37 year-long renowned medical brand and industry-leading physician recruitment
capabilities, we continue to focus on 2 core areas: on one hand, we consistently attract top-tier physician
talent, strengthening our physician network to build core competitiveness for business growth; on the other
hand, we possess the ability to explore new markets through the Denovo model, continuously expanding
our market presence in California. In 2025, 7 new physicians will join HRC Medical, and by the end of 2025,
the total number of in-house physicians already reached 29, positioning HRC Medical among the leading
assisted reproductive physician groups in the United States. In terms of regional expansion, HRC Medical
entered Northern California’s San Francisco area for the first time in 2025, while its flagship clinic in Beverly
Hills commenced operations in September 2025. Currently, HRC Medical’s medical network has established a
comprehensive presence centered in Los Angeles, covering Northern California (San Francisco) and Southern
California (San Diego). However, the simultaneous expansion of physician teams, medical staff development,
and clinic growth in 2025 has put significant pressure on profitability, leading to a year-on-year decline in
profits.

While expanding its physician team and clinic network in an orderly manner, HRC Medical focused on
optimizing internal operational efficiency in 2025, particularly emphasizing improvements in staff productivity.
By benchmarking operational model differences across its internal clinics and drawing on best practices
from leading industry peers, HRC Medical further refined its operational model: optimizing staff structure and
establishing more efficient work mechanisms. This significantly reduced labor costs and greatly improved
operational efficiency.

HRC Medical’s sustained development is inseparable from its continuous advancements in medical technology
and its continued deepening of its focus on technological innovation and patient service experience optimization.
For instance, in the first half of 2025, HRC Medical pioneered the introduction of needle-free technology,
effectively alleviating the pain of repeated injections for patients during ovulation induction treatment.
Additionally, since acquiring the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California (USC) in
2021, HRC Medical has continuously strengthened its research collaboration and physician training with
USC, laying a solid foundation for clinical technological breakthroughs and physician talent development.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE
     With the fertility rate gradually bottoming out and stabilizing, the era of advanced maternal age
     arriving, the penetration rate of assisted reproduction increasing year by year, the intensive rollout
     of childbirth-promoting policies in China, and China’s support of standardized private healthcare,
     alongside the domestic economy and consumption regaining its momentum, we are embracing a
     rare long-term development opportunity.

     Strengthening the discipline of capital allocation and increasing the medium- to long-
     term predictability of shareholder returns
     In 2025, despite extremely difficult organizational adjustments, the Group’s operating cash flow reached
     RMB588 million, and the adjusted EBITDA under non-IFRS was approximately RMB490 million. Against the
     backdrop of the basic completion of the Shenzhen building construction, our existing medical properties can
     provide an ample foundation for the Group’s future development. We will further strengthen the discipline of
     capital allocation and enhance the ability to convert EBITDA into high-quality free cash flow. On this basis,
     we have formulated a new shareholder return plan.

     Notwithstanding the industry challenges and operational transition in 2025, the Board has decided to propose
     a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 of approximately RMB100 million (equivalent to
     approximately HKD113.2 million), or approximately RMB3.70 cents (HKD4.18 cents) per share, representing
     about 20% of the Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA for 2025, as a token of appreciation to Shareholders.
     The final dividend is subject to approval by Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. In
     addition, the Board has approved a Shareholder Return Plan for 2026-2028, aiming to return 50% to 80%
     of the Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA to Shareholders through dividends and/or share repurchases.
     Further, the Board has resolved to repurchase shares of the Company in the open market for a period of 12
     months from the date hereof at its absolute discretion with an aggregate amount of up to RMB300 million,
     subject to the prevailing market conditions and due compliance with the applicable laws and regulations as
     well as the memorandum and articles of association of the Company. The Company has also amended its
     dividend policy, under which not less than 20% of the Company’s annual non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA will
     be used for cash dividends.

     We are a key force in the international cooperation of China’s assisted reproduction
     industry
     Opportunities for international expansion in the assisted reproduction sector remain robust. We have
     accumulated a proven track record through our strategic investments in Indonesia’s largest assisted
     reproductive group, USC Fertility in the United States, and the HRC Group. Jinxin stands as a pivotal force
     representing China’s high-quality assisted reproductive services in the global competitive landscape. This
     strategic positioning enables Jinxin to capture more stable medium- to long-term growth opportunities
     against the broader backdrop of declining global birth rates and the long-term growth in demand for assisted
     reproduction.




22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Currently, compared to assisted reproductive groups of a similar scale in the international market, we are in
a valuation trough. We believe that with the continuous improvement of our operational capabilities and more
rational and disciplined arrangements for capital allocation and returns, the restoration of the Company’s
value will be highly certain.

Historically, by acquiring hospitals with IVF/ICSI licenses—which have high entry barriers in China (IVF/ICSI
accounts for nearly 80% of all assisted reproductive methods)—We are the largest service provider in the
ARS industry in China and operate across core cities of Chinese provinces covering populations totaling
over 380 million (including Yunnan, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Hubei and Guangdong). We are also the
fourth largest ARS provider in the world. In the United States, we are reinforcing our “Physician as Partner”
strategy, and it is expected that by 2027, our U.S. operations will have 40 physicians. In Southeast Asia, we
have consolidated our leading position in the ARS markets of China, the U.S., and Southeast Asia through
the acquisition of PT Morula Indonesia (“Morula”), the largest assisted reproduction center in Indonesia
(which has a population of 280 million, making it the most populous country in Southeast Asia) with a market
share of approximately 40%.

International expansion is never without its challenges; however, experience and opportunity consistently
complement one another through our continuous reflection and operational review.

We continuously optimize our products, technologies, services, and management, and summarize historical
experiences and lessons to form a replicable development system. While providing patients with a high-
quality experience of full-lifecycle health management centered on assisted reproduction, we also promote
the sustainable and steady development of the Company in terms of business and scale.

Growth driven by new markets, new products, and new technologies
Among the major cities we serve, most regions continue to experience net population inflows even against
the broader backdrop of population decline, particularly in the Chengdu area of Sichuan and the Guangdong
region. Jinxin Fertility’s Southern Headquarters was officially established in March 2026. The assisted
reproduction market in Guangdong Province ranks first nationwide in terms of annual assisted reproductive
cycle volume. Covering the Greater Bay Area, the Southern Headquarters will continuously provide abundant
momentum for Jinxin Fertility’s development over the next decade.

Leveraging the geographical and policy advantages of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area,
in 2026, we will use Shenzhen as a strategic fulcrum to deeply integrate into the international medical system,
committing to breaking down the “information barriers” and “payment barriers” of cross-border medical care.
We will fully align with the mainstream international commercial insurance system and establish a direct billing
network with well-known domestic and foreign insurance companies, thoroughly solving the payment pain
points for expatriates and high-net-worth clients in China, and realizing a cashless, hassle-free settlement
process for medical expenses.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Capitalizing on the unique advantages of the Greater Bay Area, we will provide a one-stop international medical
     service ranging from “pregnancy preparation and assisted reproduction” to “delivery and postpartum care”
     for expatriates working and living in China, as well as compatriots from Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan.
     This will eliminate medical anxieties caused by differences in language, culture, and medical systems, thereby
     elevating Jinxin Fertility’s international brand.

     We are dedicated to providing users with our core value: “Time to delivery.” Time costs, success rates, and
     live birth rates are often the most significant hidden costs for users in the global reproductive health sector.
     Our goal is to save patients’ out-of-pocket expenses, medical insurance costs, time, and opportunity costs.
     Delivering a healthy baby with greater time efficiency and high-quality service is the fundamental foundation
     of our integrated reproductive health services. Based on this philosophy, we have innovated a series of new
     technologies and products. By utilizing CAPA-based in vitro maturation (IVM) technology for immature eggs,
     we reduce the risks and discomfort associated with ovulation induction. Based on the “3F Fertility-Friendly
     IVF Program,” our 28-day service provides more practical and effective care for out-of-town patients and
     users facing significant time constraints.

     We continue to increase our investment in the introduction and R&D of new technologies
     and methodologies, enhance personalized precision diagnosis and treatment for
     patients, and boost our appeal to patients with complex conditions across a broader
     region, thereby strengthening the hospital’s technical brand influence.
     We utilize specialized disease groups as the foundational units for pioneering new technologies. For example,
     Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established specialized disease groups and clinics,
     including the Diminished Ovarian Reserve (DOR) Clinic, Thin Endometrium Clinic, Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
     (PCOS) Clinic, and Advanced Maternal Age Clinic. These specialized teams focus on in-depth research into
     the diagnosis and treatment of specific conditions by: (i) introducing and applying cutting-edge technologies.
     For instance, the DOR specialized group has introduced In Vitro Activation (IVA) technology, and the Thin
     Endometrium specialized group has implemented precision treatment protocols such as Platelet-Rich Plasma
     (PRP) intrauterine infusion for treating thin endometrium; (ii) conducting clinical research. For example, the
     DOR group is conducting clinical research on the therapeutic effects of exosomes on premature ovarian
     failure, and the Thin Endometrium group is researching the use of exosomes for the repair of intrauterine
     adhesions; (iii) performing detailed analysis and evaluation of clinical efficacy indicators; (iv) hosting academic
     conferences; and (v) conducting online and offline patient education to provide personalized treatment plans
     for a wide range of patients across various medical needs.

     In 2026, centered around the concept of “fertility-friendliness,” we will focus on goals such as reducing the
     number of hospital visits and injections for women undergoing IVF. We will develop new clinical protocols,
     such as the 3F program, to provide patients with differentiated, personalized care. At the same time, we
     launched new reproductive-focused services, such as reproductive anti-aging, to improve patients’ overall
     physical and ovarian functions and to enhance egg quality.




24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



From live birth to healthy baby — Deepening Technological Barriers to Establish the
“Fetal Medicine and Genetics Center”
Facing the severe challenges of birth defect prevention and control, in 2026, building upon the existing
advantages of prenatal diagnosis and genetic evaluation at the Chengdu campus, we will comprehensively
upgrade and establish the “Fetal Medicine and Genetics Center” to achieve a complete breakthrough in
technical barriers and realize tertiary prevention. The center will break down the barriers between traditional
obstetrics and genetics, integrating the full-chain technology of pre-pregnancy, prenatal, and neonatal care.
By introducing cutting-edge methods such as high-throughput gene sequencing and monogenic disease
diagnosis, genetic screening will be extended from the preconception period to pre-implantation, achieving
primary prevention of birth defects.

We are committed to providing women with full-cycle closed-loop management, escorting them throughout
the entire process from preconception to the birth of a newborn:

•    Preconception period: Genetic disease carrier screening, eugenic genetic counseling.

•    Assisted reproductive stage: Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT).

•    Pregnancy: Non-invasive DNA screening, invasive prenatal diagnosis (amniocentesis/cordocentesis),
     Multi-Disciplinary Treatment (MDT).

•    Fetal stage intervention: Intrauterine treatment for fetuses with structural abnormalities, filling regional
     technological gaps.

•    Neonatal period: Early screening and diagnosis of genetic metabolic diseases.

The center will become a key node in the birth defect prevention and control network in Southwest China,
truly realizing the fertility-friendly goal of “getting pregnant successfully, having a healthy pregnancy, giving
birth safely, and raising well.”




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Growth Driven by Scaled Organizational Power—Gradually Establishing a Replicable
     Operational Management System Based on Specialty Development
     Through years of accumulation since our public listing, we have gradually evolved a replicable operational
     management system that drives business development based on specialty construction, including:

     •    Institutionalizing and regularizing the establishment and assessment of specialty quality control standards
          to manage the medical quality of all hospitals and specialties, including the “assisted reproduction
          success rate.” Through the guidance of leading experts and quality control experts within the Group,
          we ensure that the success rates across all our hospitals remain above the industry average;



     •    Establishing software and hardware service standards and methods based on patient satisfaction and
          patient recommendation rates to create an excellent patient experience at each hospital. This includes
          but is not limited to: hardware and visual optimization, service process standardization, full-process
          service and management by case managers, patient satisfaction surveys, group-level supervision of
          high-quality services, centralized analysis and rectification mechanisms for patient feedback, and internal/
          external communication and learning regarding high-quality services;

     •    Gradually refining online and offline brand promotion methods for each hospital to build strong branding
          and market expansion. This includes but is not limited to: grassroots education, community free clinics,
          brand events, specialty alliances, doctor IP building, specialty/specific disease IP building, new media
          matrices, and community building;

     •    Elevating discipline construction to the level of group strategy, strengthening talent development, and
          continuously improving the hard medical capabilities of the hospitals. This includes but is not limited to:
          professional title promotion, expert guidance, exchange and training, academic conferences, introduction
          of new technologies, and research on new methods.

     By improving the ability to diagnose and treat complex diseases and high-risk critical cases, we will
     continuously and effectively strengthen the hospital’s reputation and brand image among patients, achieve
     broader dissemination, and attract patients from a wider geographic area, thereby expanding the hospital’s
     regional radiation radius and increasing market penetration.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Dual-Drive of Digitalization and AI Medical Care, with Significant Results in Smart
Diagnosis and Treatment Construction
The wave of digitalization and AI brings indispensable opportunities for AI+ healthcare. The Jinxin Technology
platform, built in-house by Jinxin Fertility, along with the research platform established in collaboration with
overseas scholars, has developed over several years to achieve independent deployment and product-level
realization of multiple systems. These include the EMR (Electronic Medical Record) system, CRM (Customer
Relationship Management) system, multiple clinical decision support systems for doctors, and personalized
patient inquiry and consultation systems.

Our investment in AI and digitalization is not merely following the latest trend. We clearly recognize that a
good AI application—one that users are willing to pay for—must solve practical problems, translate into real
cost savings, improve revenue and efficiency, and optimize the user experience. In 2025, our independently
developed system achieved overseas sales for the first time, making us a rare medical artificial intelligence
platform in the healthcare service sector that possesses independent R&D, data governance, external sales,
and implemented after-sales coaching capabilities.

In the second half of the year, we entered into strategic partnerships with several leading and disruptive AI
groups. This collaboration led to the implementation of a multimodal embryo scoring system and AI assistant
applications. At the same time, we conducted comprehensive IVF data governance to solidify the foundation
for future model development. Since its launch, the AI assistant has handled 18,179 intelligent conversational
responses across 87 Enterprise WeChat groups in 2025. By efficiently answering patient inquiries while
providing emotional support, we are comprehensively empowering the upgrade of our medical operations
and clinical services through digitalization and AI technologies.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     Revenue of the Group decreased by 5.8% from approximately RMB2,811.6 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB2,649.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
     overall decrease was primarily attributable to the following: (i) revenue from ARS and related businesses
     decreased by approximately RMB122.7 million; (ii) revenue from obstetrics and related businesses decreased
     by approximately RMB54.6 million; (iii) revenue from women’s health services and other businesses increased
     by approximately RMB13.3 million; and (iv) revenue from the sales of medical reagent consumables and
     equipment increased by approximately RMB1.5 million. The decrease in revenue is mainly due to: (a) an
     approximately 1.4% drop in OPU cycles, and an approximately 6.5% decrease in average single-cycle pricing
     in mainland China subsequent to national healthcare security adjustments, together resulting in a reduction
     of ARS revenue; (b) an approximately 31.6% decline in traditional deliveries due to lower birth willingness
     in China, which caused a resultant decline in obstetrics and related revenue; and (c) the establishment of
     new departments and services centered around women’s health, which increased revenue in those areas.

                                                                    2025              2024       YOY Change                 YOY
                                                                (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)                 (%)


     ARS and related businesses 1                                1,870,788        1,993,474          (122,686)            (6.2%)
     Women’s health services and
      other businesses                                             356,562           343,248            13,314             3.9%

     Obstetrics and related businesses 2                           298,797           353,439           (54,642)          (15.5%)
     Sales of consumables and equipment                            122,926           121,435             1,491             1.2%


     Total                                                       2,649,073        2,811,596          (162,523)            (5.8%)


     Cost of Revenue
     Cost of revenue of the Group, which consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables,
     staff costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and other costs, increased by 2.9% from
     approximately RMB1,712.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB1,762.5
     million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The increase in the cost of revenue was mainly attributable
     to: (i) an increase of RMB34.7 million in rent, renovation depreciation, operations, and labor costs for HRC
     Medical due to the addition of clinics in Beverly Hills and San Francisco during the Reporting Period; (ii) the
     accelerated amortization of renovation expenses amounting to RMB36.3 million concerning Wuhan Jinxin
     Hospital pursuant to the adjusted amortization period under its lease agreement, which was included in the
     cost of revenue; (iii) certain new departments still being in the cultivation and development stage, with capacity
     utilization needing further improvement and gross profit margins being lower than that of the traditional IVF
     business; and (iv) an increase in the proportion of labor costs in the Chengdu and Shenzhen regions.




     1
             Includes self-owned medical revenue, as well as management service revenue from the assisted reproductive business of
             the MSA/IOT institution, Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital, and HRC Medical.
     2
             Includes self-owned medical revenue, as well as management service revenue from the obstetrics and gynecology business
             of the MSA/IOT institution, Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital.


28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit of the Group decreased by 19.4% from approximately RMB1,099.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB886.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Group’s
gross profit margin decreased from 39.1% for the year ended December 31, 2024 to 33.5% for the year
ended December 31, 2025.

Other Income
Other income of the Group decreased by 20.8% from approximately RMB35.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily
due to a decrease of approximately RMB7.3 million in government grants as compared to the same period
of last year.

Other Expense
The Group’s other expenses increased from approximately RMB4.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2024 to approximately RMB56.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to a
one-time capital injection of RMB50.0 million into Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital to
support its upgrade and the enhancement of its operational capacity, as well as to ensure the sustainability
of management services.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses primarily represent gains and losses on fair value change of financial assets/other
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), on disposal of assets, and on net exchange.
The Group recorded other losses, net, of approximately RMB6.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2025, primarily attributable to the realization in the current period of unrealized exchange gains and losses
from previous years.

Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs of the Group’s research and development
team at Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center. Research and development expenses of the Group
decreased by 16.4% from approximately RMB24.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to
approximately RMB20.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of marketing and promotional expenses and staff cost
of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by 5.8% from
approximately RMB175.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB165.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to lower customer acquisition costs and an increased
return on investment following the enhancement of Yunnan Hospital’s word-of-mouth reputation.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, including amortization of ESOP costs, depreciation
     and amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property related expenses and others. Administrative
     expenses of the Group increased by 8.7% from approximately RMB458.0 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024 to approximately RMB497.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to (i)
     increased labor costs for new doctors and operating costs arising from HRC’s clinic expansion during the
     year; (ii) accelerated amortization of renovation expenses following the adjustment of the lease term for the
     old campus of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital; (iii) increased amortization of renovation expenses relating
     to the renovation and upgrade of Yunnan Hospital; (iv) welfare expenses for retired senior experts; and (v)
     compensation payments resulting from personnel structure optimization at the end of 2025.

     Finance Costs
     Finance costs of the Group increased by 23.9% from approximately RMB57.4 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB71.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily
     due to a decrease in capitalized interest, alongside an increase in financial expenses recognized under
     lease accounting standards in respect of property leases in the United States. Interest expenses on bank
     borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2025 were RMB109.7 million, compared to interest expenses
     of RMB122.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, with a comprehensive debt cost rate of 4.4%,
     representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.5 percentage points.

     Income Tax Expenses
     Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax, withholding tax and Hong
     Kong Profits Tax. Income tax expenses of the Group decreased by 99.2% from approximately RMB118.4
     million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB0.9 million for the year ended December
     31, 2025, primarily due to the deferred tax impact related of approximately RMB73.1 million related to the
     impairment of intangible assets in the United States. If excluding the impact of the reversal of deferred tax
     liabilities, the income tax expense was RMB74.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 37.5%.

     Net (Loss) Profits
     The Group recorded net loss of approximately RMB983.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025,
     compared to a net profit of approximately RMB273.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The
     decrease in profit was primarily due to the following one-off events and partially due to a decline in the
     Group’s operating profit. As aforementioned, the one-off events include: (i) impairment of goodwill and
     certain intangible assets related to the Group’s business in the United States and Laos; (ii) impairment
     losses recognized under the expected credit loss model in respect of certain financial assets; (iii) a one-off
     contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital which the Group co-manages under the
     IOT agreement; (iv) depreciation of renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, which arises from the
     re-evaluation of the hospital’s lease schedule; and (v) the one-time accelerated amortization of leasehold
     improvements resulting from the adjustment of the lease term for the old Shenzhen hospital campus. The
     decline in operating profit is attributable to the following factors: (i) the inclusion of ARS in China’s National
     Medical Insurance Reimbursement Program, which affected the service mix between IUI and IVF and exerted
     downward pressure on pricing, which the Company believes to some extent will be partially mitigated in
     the near term; (ii) headwinds in China’s obstetrics industry; and (iii) higher expenses associated with the
     expansion of the Group’s business in the United States, which the Group expects will be partially mitigated
     in the near term through operational optimization initiatives launched in 2026.




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance with
IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-IFRS measures,
which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company believes that the non-IFRS
adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
the Group’s consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same manner as they helped the Company’s
management, and that the Company’s management and investors may benefit from referring to these non-IFRS
adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s operating performance during this period by eliminating
impacts of items that the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s operating performance. However,
the presentation of these non-IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as
a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with the IFRS. You should
not view the non-IFRS adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted net profit decreased by 49.7% from approximately RMB416.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB209.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA decreased by 30.6% from approximately RMB707.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB491.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2025          2024
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


(Loss) Profit for the year                                                      (983,885)              273,467
Add:
Amortization of ESOP costs (1)                                                      28,541               47,285

Amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses, non-
  compete agreements, and property, plant and equipment,
  including deferred tax impact (2)                                                 64,565               64,368
Impairment of goodwill and certain assets related to the Group’s
  business in the United States and Laos, including deferred tax
  impact (3)                                                                    906,647                         –
Impairment losses recognized under the ECL model in respect of
  certain financial assets (4)                                                      99,009                      –
One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
  Hospital (5)                                                                      50,000                      –
Depreciation of renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital(6)                     36,264                      –
Depreciation of renovation expenses for the building at the old
  Shenzhen hospital campus (7)                                                       8,166
One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(8)                                  –                7,052
Exchange gain, net (9)                                                                   –               24,173

Non-IFRS adjusted net profit                                                    209,307                416,345




                                                               Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


     Non-IFRS (negative) EBITDA                                                                     (682,844)                628,792
     Add:
     Amortization of ESOP costs (1)                                                                    28,541                 47,285
     Impairment of goodwill and certain assets related to the Group’s
       business in the United States and Laos (3)                                                    996,413                          –
     Impairment losses recognized under the ECL model in respect of
       certain financial assets (4)                                                                    99,009                         –
     One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child
       Health Hospital (5)                                                                             50,000                      –
     One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(8)                                                –                  7,052
     Exchange gain, net (9)                                                                                 –                 24,173

     Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                        491,119                 707,302

     Notes:

     (1)   ESOP costs are regarded as non-cash items.

     (2)   Amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses, non-compete agreements, and property, plant and equipment,
           as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, all of which arise from acquisitions: by eliminating the effect of these items
           from the profit attributable to the owners of the Company, it demonstrates the endogenous growth of the Company.

     (3)   Impairment of goodwill and certain assets related to the Group’s business in the United States and Laos: the impairment
           of the Group’s United States business resulted from HRC Medical’s performance falling short of projections and an influx
           of young physicians and the expansion of new clinics introducing uncertainties over the foreseeable period. Further, the
           postponement of California’s insurance coverage for IVF under Senate Bill 729 (SB729) has heightened such operational
           uncertainties. The impairment of the Group’s business in Laos resulted from increasing uncertainty of Laotian polices in
           the IVF industry, thus the Group decided to discontinue the operations of Jinrui Medical Center in Laos.

     (4)   Impairment losses recognized under the ECL (expected credit loss) model in respect of certain financial assets: attributable
           to (i) impairment losses in receivable from Chengdu Jinlin Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Jinlin”), where in
           assessing the expected credit loss of the amount due from Chengdu Jinlin, the Group considered all possible collection
           efforts, including collection of Chengdu Jinlin’s receivable from a third party; (ii) impairment losses in receivable due from
           Jincheng Hongda and Jinxin Aijian where in assessing the ECL of the amount due from Jincheng Hongda and Jinxin Aijian,
           the Group considered the depreciation of properties owned by Jincheng Hongda amid China’s property market trends
           and the impairment arising from the suspension of operations of Jinxin Aijian; and (iii) impairment losses in a refundable
           investment deposit, where the Group assessed the ECL of the amount of such deposit based on the result of an arbitration
           proceeding.

     (5)   One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital: this is a one off contribution to the Jinjiang
           District Maternity and Child Health Hospital which the Group co-manages under the IOT agreement to support its upgrading
           in facilities and expansion in business.

     (6)   Depreciation of renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital: arises from the re-evaluation of Wuhan Jinxin Hospital’s
           lease term.

     (7)   Depreciation of renovation expenses for the building at the old Shenzhen hospital campus: arises from the re-evaluation
           of the lease term of the old campus of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

     (8)   One-off loss arising from the Kangseed Investment.

     (9)   Net exchange (loss) gain: the net exchange loss resulted from the fluctuation between the foreign currency exchange rate
           at the time of repayment of the US$1.87 million loans and the foreign currency exchange rate at the beginning of the
           Reporting Period.



32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an aggregate impairment loss of
approximately RMB992.6 million. In particular, the Group recognized impairment losses of approximately
RMB952.4 million (2024: Nil) on goodwill and intangible assets directly related to HRC Management Group
during the six months ended June 30, 2025, comprising approximately RMB631.6 million on goodwill,
RMB215.6 million on contractual rights to provide management services and RMB105.3 million on trademarks.
As at December 31, 2025, the recoverable amount of HRC Management Group was approximately RMB2,110.6
million (2024: RMB3,229.1 million), exceeding its carrying amount by approximately RMB23.1 million.
Although such headroom exists, considering no improvement in the underlying performance and no significant
improvement in forecast assumptions was identified compared with June 30, 2025, and accordingly no
change was made to the impairment loss previously recognised during the interim period. In addition, the
Group recognised an impairment loss of approximately RMB40.2 million (2024: Nil) against the license of
Jinrui Medical Center during the six months ended June 30, 2025 due to its termination of operations in Laos.

Impairments in connection with business in the United States
In recent years, the Group has faced various regulatory, commercial and operational challenges in relation
to its operations in the United States, including but not limited to: (i) the deterioration of Sino–United
States relations and sustained high inflation, which have driven up labor and physician costs, resulting in a
material negative impact on profit margins and a decline in international patients; (ii) the retirement of senior
physicians in 2023 and 2024, necessitating the hiring of new physicians whose practices required time to
develop and whose higher salaries, impacted by inflation, led to earnings below projections and reduced
overall profitability; and (iii) the then postponement of California’s Senate Bill 729 insurance coverage for IVF
(which was eventually implemented in January 2026), together with the U.S. administration’s cancellation
of automatic U.S. birthright citizenship, which materially reduced demand for assisted reproductive services
and resulted in a significant decline in international patient volumes and further pressure on profit margins.

Impairments in connection with the business in Laos
After the Group’s acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center in 2020, it has encountered many operational and
regulatory challenges in Laos, including the Decision on Management of Gestational Surrogacy and Induced
Abortion No. 2077/MOH (the “Decision on Surrogacy”) promulgated by the Ministry of Health of Laos in
July 2021. The Decision on Surrogacy, while not yet fully implemented, stipulates that private institutions are
prohibited from independently providing IVF medical services and must instead cooperate with state‑owned
hospitals or institutions. The Decision on Surrogacy represented a significant departure from the regulatory
framework at the time the Group acquired Jinrui Medical Center in 2020. In light of the newly imposed regulatory
constraints, despite its continuing efforts to communicate with local authorities and explore cooperation with
public hospitals, the Group was unable to secure a viable pathway to continue operating IVF services in Laos.
The Group gradually terminated the business operations of Jinrui Medical Center in the second half of 2025
and recognised an impairment loss of approximately RMB40.2 million. Such impairment constitutes a one‑off
non‑cash item without material adverse impact on the Group’s overall business operations and cash flow.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Valuation
     The Group has engaged an independent professional valuer to carry out an impairment assessment in
     respect of the Group’s United States business. In accordance with International Accounting Standard 36
     – Impairment of Assets issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, “Value in Use” is defined
     as the present value of future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash‑generating unit.
     Accordingly, the recoverable amount was determined using the income approach, specifically the discounted
     cash flow method, which was considered the most appropriate technique as it reflects the future economic
     benefits expected to be generated and provides a reliable measurement based on management’s cash flow
     projections. The calculation was based on a 7‑year forecast of net cash flows prepared by the management
     of the Company. Cash flows beyond the 7‑year period was extrapolated using a constant terminal growth
     rate and discounted to their present value under the discounted cash flow method.

     Key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which
     include growth rates of revenue and gross margin rate. Such estimation is based on the relevant unit’s past
     performance and management’s expectations for the market development. For details, please refer to note
     23 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Basic and Diluted Losses per Share
     The basic and diluted losses per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to
     RMB0.36 and RMB0.36, respectively, as compared with the basic and diluted earnings per share of RMB0.11
     and RMB0.10, respectively, as that for the year ended December 31, 2024. Adjusted basic earnings per share
     of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to RMB0.08, as compared with adjusted
     basic earnings per share of RMB0.16 for the year ended December 31, 2024.

     Inventories
     Inventories of the Group increased by 9.8% from approximately RMB50.9 million as at December 31, 2024
     to approximately RMB55.9 million as at December 31, 2025, primarily due to changes in the settlement
     arrangements between the Chengdu hospital and pharmaceutical suppliers.

     Accounts and Other Receivables
     Accounts and other receivables of the Group decreased by 36.3% from approximately RMB322.3 million as
     at December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB205.3 million as at December 31, 2025.

     Accounts and Other Payables
     Accounts and other payables of the Group decreased by 4.8% from approximately RMB737.8 million as at
     December 31, 2024 to approximately RMB702.4 million as at December 31, 2025.




34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Liquidity and Capital Resources
The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital, including
upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new medical institutions
and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total proceeds of approximately
HK$2,808.1 million from the Global Offering, after deducting the underwriting fees, commissions and related
Listing expenses. In February 2021, the Group received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,253.5
million from the Placing (as defined hereinafter). The Group also obtained additional funding from syndicated
loan facilities of up to US$300 million in 2021 and a drawdown in full of such bank facilities in March 2022.
On January 5, 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing Shares were placed by the Company to not less
than six placees at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing Share, and the Company received total net
proceeds of approximately HK$1,162.3 million (equivalent to approximately RMB999.0 million). The placees,
together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, are third parties independent of and not connected
with the Company or its connected persons. None of the placees has become a substantial Shareholder
immediately upon completion of the placing. The placing has been completed on January 16, 2023. In 2025,
the Group obtained new loans amounting to approximately RMB3,121.0 million. The share capital of the
Company only comprises ordinary shares. As at December 31, 2025, the authorized share capital of the
Company was US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 34%
debt and 66% equity as at December 31, 2025, compared with 31% debt and 69% equity as at December
31, 2024. As at December 31, 2025, the Group had unutilized bank facilities of approximately RMB1,102
million. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Group has obtained additional bank facilities of approximately
RMB50 million. Therefore, the Directors are of the view that the Group has sufficient resources to meet its
future business operations and expansion.

Cash Flows
The following table sets forth selected cash flow data of the Group’s consolidated statements of cash flows
for the years indicated and analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents for the years indicated:

                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


Net cash generated from operating activities                                    588,893              629,201
Net cash used in investing activities                                          (149,583)            (293,271)
Net cash used in financing activities                                          (116,546)            (458,291)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                              570,821              691,331
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          12,197                1,851
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                    905,782              570,821


Although the Company’s profit experienced a significant decline this year, operating cash inflows remained
robust, as the decrease was primarily attributable to non-cash, one-off items.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Capital Commitments
     The principal capital expenditures of the Group relate primarily to purchases of property, plant and equipment.
     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s capital expenditures for the years indicated:

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


     Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment
      contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
      statements                                                                       97,390             139,904
     Commitment to WP Partnership                                                           –             120,000


                                                                                       97,390             259,904


     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, there were no significant investments held by the
     Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

     Indebtedness
     Lease liabilities
     The Group recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in respect of all leases, except
     for short-term leases and leases of low value assets. As at December 31, 2025, the Group, as a lessee, had
     outstanding lease liabilities for the remaining terms of relevant lease agreements in an aggregate amount of
     RMB385.4 million. The lease liabilities represent payment for right of using underlying assets.

     Borrowings
     As at December 31, 2025, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,462.4 million (December 31, 2024:
     RMB2,270.1 million).

     Pledge of Assets
     As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s Jinyun Building was pledged as security for an equivalent amount
     of bank loans. Saved as disclosed, the Group did not pledge any other assets.

     Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
     As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

     Contractual Obligations
     As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material
     effect on its financial position or results of operations.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



Interest-bearing Debt Ratio
Interest-bearing debt ratio is calculated using the total amount of interest-bearing debt at the end of the
year divided by total assets as at the end of the year and multiplied by 100%. As at December 31, 2025,
the Group’s interest-bearing debt ratio was 17.6% (December 31, 2024: 15.1%). The increase was mainly
due to increase in bank borrowings by the Group.

RISK MANAGEMENT
Currency Risk
The business of the Group operates in the mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with its
transactions settled in Renminbi, HK dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Renminbi is not a freely convertible
currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international economic and political
developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted any hedging measure, the cost
of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which serves as a natural hedge. As a
result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any significant direct foreign exchange risk and
has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to such risk.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its cash flow
interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The Directors
consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The
Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because such instruments have a tenor of less than one year
or are redeemable on demand.

Liquidity Risk
The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast
and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at December 31, 2025, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,494 employees,
of whom 3,229 were located in China and 265 were located overseas. The staff costs, including Directors’
emoluments, were approximately RMB909.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared
to approximately RMB916.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 0.8%.

The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its (i) 2022 Share Award Scheme, which
was adopted on February 17, 2022 and amended on June 25, 2024; and (ii) 2025 Share Scheme, which
was adopted on December 5, 2025. Summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme and
the 2025 Share Scheme are set out in the circulars of the Company dated May 31, 2024 and December 5,
2025, respectively. The Company also had the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme which
were terminated as of June 30, 2024, and no further award would be granted under such schemes, whilst
the awards previously granted thereunder shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with
the provisions thereof.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$4.18 cents per Share for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 (for the year ended December 31, 2024: Nil). Subject to the approval of the Shareholders
     at the forthcoming AGM, the proposed final dividend will be paid on Tuesday, July 28, 2026 to the Shareholders
     whose names appear on the register of members on Tuesday, July 7, 2026.

     OTHER INFORMATION
     AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The AGM will be held on June 25, 2026. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be published and
     dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     For determining the qualification as members of the Company to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of
     members of the Company will be closed from Monday, June 22, 2026 to Thursday, June 25, 2026, during
     which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM,
     Shareholders shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must
     be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
     Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
     Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 18, 2026. The record date for the
     attending and voting at the AGM is Thursday, June 25, 2026.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material
     events after the Reporting Period.




38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                             Directors and Senior Management



DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Dong Yang (董陽), aged 39, is the Chief Executive Officer and has been an executive Director of the
Company since June 29, 2020. He was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on May 3,
2018. He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer on June 29, 2020 and re-designated to the Chief
Executive Officer on March 28, 2021. He was appointed as the acting chief financial officer of the Company
on August 8, 2025. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the financial management, business development
and operations of the Group as well as other relevant duties assigned by the Group. Since October 2017,
he has been the chief financial officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司). Since
December 2018, he has been the director of Jinxin Hospital Management Group Limited. Since September
2018, he has been the chief financial officer of Jinxin Investment Limited and Jinxin Hospital Management
Group Limited. Prior to joining our group, between July 2017 and November 2017, he was a director of
the asset management department at Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited (東興證
券(香港)金融控股有限公司). Before that, from October 2009 to June 2017, Mr. Dong successively served
as a manager of audit assurance, a manager of capital market transaction and a manager of accounting
management and advisory at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mainland China and Hong Kong.

Mr. Dong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international economic and trade from Sichuan University (四
川大學) in the PRC in June 2009. He obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from the MIT Sloan
School of Management and a Master of Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong University of
Science and Technology. He has been a member of the Chongqing Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(重慶註冊會計師協會) since March 2014.

Mr. Dong has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Dr. Lyu Rong (呂蓉), aged 45, has been an executive Director and the Co-chief Executive Officer of the
Company since December 3, 2021. She has more than 10 years of experience working in the medical industry.
She has been serving as the chairman of the board of directors and the general manager of Sichuan Jinxin
Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) since October 2018 and previously its president from May 2015 to May 2021
and was the chief executive officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. from March 2017 to November
2021. Further, she has been the director of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group Co.,
Ltd. (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since May 2015 and its general manager since June 2021. She
has also served as a director of Chengdu Jinxin Elder Care Group Company Limited (成都錦欣康養產業集團
有限公司) since January 2022. Currently, she is also the director of Chengdu Jinxin Health Management Co.,
Ltd.* (成都錦欣健康管理有限公司) and Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司).

In addition to her professional experience, Dr. Lyu holds a number of positions in public institutions and
medical associations, including council member of the 4th Council of the Chinese Hospital Association,
member of the Hospital Review and Evaluation Committee and the expert committee on medical quality
management and evaluation for private medical institutions of the Chinese Hospital Association, member of
the sub-committee on private medical institutions of the expert committee on modern hospital management
capacity building of the National Health Commission Capacity Building and Continuing Education Center,
co-vice chairman of the presidium of the National Conference on Discipline Development and Collaboration
of Private Medical Institutions, vice president of the Private Medical Institutions Branch of Sichuan Hospital
Association and deputy chairman of its Hospital Operation and Management Professional Committee, vice
president of the 6th Council of Sichuan Rehabilitation Medicine Society, and standing council member



                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Directors and Senior Management



     of Chengdu Information Economy Society. She also serves as an external practice tutor at the School of
     Economics and Foreign Languages of Southwestern University of Finance and Economics and an external
     innovation and entrepreneurship tutor at Sichuan University. She previously served as a member of the
     Chengdu Jinjiang District Committee of the CPPCC for two consecutive terms.

     Dr. Lyu obtained a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business administration from the Open
     University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University (香港都會大學)) in August
     2018. Dr. Lyu further obtained a doctoral degree in business administration from The University of Information
     Technology and Management in Rzeszow in Poland in March 2022, and a Postgraduate Diploma in Healthcare
     Management from the Senior Executive Academy, School of Professional and Continuing Education of The
     University of Hong Kong on 13 August 2024.

     Dr. Lyu has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
     or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅), aged 57, has been an executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has also been
     the chief medical quality control officer of the Company since February 21, 2020. She is mainly responsible
     for guiding the implementation of clinical work and medical quality control. Prior to joining the Group, from
     July 2018 to January 2020, she served as the clinical director of the IVF Center of the First Affiliated Hospital
     of Chongqing Medical University (重慶醫科大學附屬第一醫院生殖醫學中心). From December 2009 to March
     2018, she worked at the IVF Center of Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成都西囡婦科醫院生殖醫學
     中心) and was responsible for clinical practice and management work. From May 1994 to August 2006, Dr.
     Geng worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang
     Medical University (新疆醫科大學第二附屬醫院) and was responsible for clinical practice, scientific research
     and teaching. From December 1991 to April 1994, Dr. Geng worked at the Department of Obstetrics and
     Gynecology of the Barkol People’s Hospital, Barkol, Xinjiang, Uygur Autonomous Region (新疆維吾爾自治
     區巴里坤縣人民醫院).

     Dr. Geng obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xinjiang Medical School (新疆醫學院) (the predecessor
     of Xinjiang Medical University) in the PRC in July 1991 and a doctoral degree in medicine with a major in
     reproductive endocrinology and assisted reproductive technology from West China School of Medicine,
     Sichuan University (四川大學華西臨床醫學院) in the PRC in July 2009.

     Dr. Geng has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive Medicine and Reproductive
     Ethics Subcommittee of the China Healthy Birth Science Association (中國優生科學協會生殖醫學與生殖倫理
     學分會) since February 2019. Since October 2019, she has served as the vice chairman of the Reproductive
     Medicine Professional Committee of the Chongqing Medical Association (重慶市醫學會生殖醫學專業委員會).
     Since July 2018, she has served as a member of the first session of the Reproductive Immunology Sub-
     committee of the Chongqing Society of Immunology (重慶市免疫學會生殖免疫分會). Since September 2017,
     she has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive Endocrinology Professional
     Committee of the China Medicine Education Association (中國醫藥教育協會生殖內分泌專業). Since July 2016,
     she has served as a member of the second session of the standing committee of the Reproductive Medicine
     Professional Committee of Sichuan Provincial Medical Association (四川省醫學會生殖醫學專業委員會). Dr.
     Geng was one of the main breeders of the first successful IVF in Tibet Autonomous Region and she was
     awarded “Excellent Expert with Outstanding Contributions” in Sichuan Province in 2018.

     Dr. Geng has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.



40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                            Directors and Senior Management



Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇), aged 54, is the Chairman of the Board and was an executive Director until his
redesignation as a non-executive Director on March 28, 2025. He joined the Group in June 2017 and was
appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer in September 2018. He was appointed as an executive Director
and the Vice Chairman of the Board in June 2020, and has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board
since March 2021. Before his redesignation, he was mainly responsible for the overall management of the
Company’s daily operations and implementing mergers and acquisitions strategies. Mr. Zhong is currently
responsible for overseeing the overall strategies and development planning of the Group. Mr. Zhong also
serves as an executive director and chairman of Jinxin Eldercare Industry Group Limited and as a director
of Chengdu Jinxin Elder Care Group Company Limited.

Mr. Zhong has over 20 years of experience in investment. From April 2020 to September 2021, Mr. Zhong
was the chairman of the board of Sichuan Jincheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (四川錦城實業發展公
司). From October 2016 to January 2019, Mr. Zhong was the general manager of Willsun Asset Management
Company Limited (華升資產管理有限公司) and from May 2016 to December 2018, he was the chairman of
Tibet Taisheng Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (西藏泰升創業投資管理有限公司). Prior to that, from October 2015
to September 2016, he was employed as the deputy general manager of Hainan Haide Industry Co., Ltd.
(海南海德實業股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 000567).

Mr. Zhong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Southwestern University of Finance and
Economics (西南財經大學) in the PRC in 1993 and a master’s degree in law from Sichuan University (四川
大學) in the PRC in 2005. Mr. Zhong has been a non-practising member of the Sichuan Institute of Certified
Public Accountants since August 2012 and obtained legal professional qualification certificate issued by the
Ministry of Justice of the PRC in February 2005.

Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆), aged 52, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December 25, 2018.
She is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategies and governance to our Group.

Ms. Hu has over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, including commercial banking,
equity investments, corporate finance and fund management. She has served in China Investment and
Finance Limited (subsequently renamed CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited) since November 2004 and
has been its deputy general manager since August 2011. From August 1996 to November 2004, she served
in various positions in the credit department and corporate business department of China CITIC Bank (中信
銀行股份有限公司) (HKEx stock code: 0998) with her last positions being client manager and deputy director.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   41
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from China Institute of Finance and Banking
     (中國金融學院) (subsequently merged with the University of International Business and Economics (對外經濟
     貿易大學)) in the PRC in July 1996 and a master’s degree in economics from Central University of Finance
     and Economics (中央財經大學) in the PRC in September 2003.

     Ms. Hu has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴), aged 56, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since March 28,
     2021. She has also been a senior vice president of the Company since September 12, 2018. Her main
     responsibilities include the overall management of the Group and overseeing operations and internal audit
     matters. She joined the Group in March 2010 and served as an executive Director from May 3, 2018 to June
     29, 2020. From March 2010 to October 2015, she served as the finance director of Prior Chengdu Xinan
     Hospital and continued to be the finance director of Chengdu Xinan Clinic until October 2018. Between
     November 2006 and January 2010, Ms. Yan acted as the head of finance at Jinjiang District Maternity and
     Child Health Hospital and from February 2000 to January 2006, she was employed as an accountant. Prior
     to joining our Group, from January 1992 to January 2000, she worked at Luzhou Baoguang Pharmaceutical
     Company (瀘州寶光醫藥公司).

     Ms. Yan obtained a college graduation certificate in law by way of distance learning from the correspondence
     college of Sichuan Province Party School of the Communist Party of China (中共四川省委黨校) in the PRC in
     June 2001 and a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business administration from Open University
     of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University (香港都會大學)) in November 2015.

     Ms. Yan has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Mr. Chen Shuyun (陳樹云), aged 51, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since September
     25, 2025. He is primarily responsible for providing strategic advice and guidance on financial management
     and business development to the Group, with a particular focus on its overseas expansion and operations.

     Mr. Chen spent over 18 years with the Capital Group Companies (“Capital Group”), one of the world’s
     largest and most successful professional investment organizations. In 2024, he retired from Capital Group as
     Partner in charge of Capital Group Private Markets (“CGPM”) in the Greater China region and a member of
     CGPM’s global Portfolio Management Committee. During his tenure, he successfully invested in, advised, and
     served as a board director of many leading companies in the healthcare, technology, and financial industries.
     Prior to joining Capital Group in 2005, Mr. Chen worked at J.P. Morgan in investment banking roles in New
     York and Hong Kong from 1999, leaving as Vice President of the Asia mergers and acquisitions group. He
     is currently a member of the board of managers of HRC Fertility Management, LLC. and a member of the
     board of PT Morula Indonesia.

     Mr. Chen obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree (summa cum laude) in Business and Economics from Franklin
     & Marshall College in the United States in May 1997.




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Chen was a non-executive Director of Innovent Biologics Inc. (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with stock code: 1801) between January 2018 and February 2022, and has served as the lead independent
non-executive director since May 2024. Mr. Chen has also served as an independent director of Shanghai
Yaohua Pilkington Glass Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange with stock
code: 600819) since June 2024. Save as disclosed above, he does not hold any other directorships in any
other public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas
in the last three years.

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強), aged 61, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
Board.

Dr. Chong has over 25 years of experience in the medical industry. From April 2015 to June 2020, he was
an independent non-executive director of Wenzhou Kangning Hospital Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 2120).
From February 2012 to February 2015, Dr. Chong served as the deputy secretary-general of the Chinese
Hospital Association (中國醫院協會). From January 2004 to January 2012 and since February 2015, he
was the president of Guangzhou Ailibi Management Consulting Co., Ltd (廣州艾力彼管理顧問有限公司), a
company engaged in the provision of hospital consultation services. From November 1994 to May 2000, he
held various positions at a number of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd (阿斯利康製藥有限公司) and Beijing Novartis Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (北京諾華製藥有限公司), where he
was primarily responsible for the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical drugs.

Dr. Chong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in medical science from Zhongshan Medical University (中山
醫科大學), subsequently merged into Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in Guangzhou in July 1986. He also
obtained a master’s degree in business administration degree from Northwestern University and Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology in May 2004. He also graduated with a doctoral degree in management
from ISCTE — University Institute of Lisbon in November 2013.

Except as disclosed above, Dr. Chong has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities
of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
annual report.

Dr. Li Jianwei (李建偉), aged 52, has been an independent non-executive Director since August 31, 2021.
He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

Dr. Li is a juris doctor and has been a professor of commercial law at China University of Political Science
and Law and a supervisor for doctoral students since 2013. He also serves as the director of department of
law and commerce at the business school, as well as the secretary general of the Commercial Law Research
Society of China Law Society. His main research areas include, among others, civil and commercial law,
corporate law, securities law, corporate governance, etc.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Directors and Senior Management



     From 2013 to 2015, Dr. Li served as a visiting professor at the Law School of Aoyama Gakuin University in
     Japan. Furthermore, his past positions include executive director and secretary general of the Commercial
     Law Research Society of the China Law Society, executive director of the China Business Law Society,
     member of the expert advisory committee of courts such as the Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court,
     and arbitrator of arbitration commissions in CIETAC, Beijing, Fuzhou, Changsha, Guangzhou, Zibo, Beihai,
     Ordos and Zhuhai.

     Dr. Li has been responsible for more than 10 national and provincial level projects, including as chief expert
     of a major project under the National Social Science Fund of China, as well as youth research projects under
     the National Social Science Fund, Humanities and Social Science projects of the Ministry of Education, rule
     of law theory research projects of the Ministry of Justice, and Beijing Social Science Fund projects. He was
     also responsible for the youth research innovation team project in commercial law at China University of
     Political Science and Law for six years from 2012 to 2018. In addition, Dr. Li has published more than 160
     academic papers in journals such as China Legal Science, Journal of Law and Xinhua Digest.

     Dr. Li has received several awards for research excellence, including the second prize of the Dong Biwu
     Youth Law Achievement Award and the third prize of the 4th China Law Outstanding Achievement Award. As
     a legal expert, he has participated in expert argumentation for a number of judicial interpretation documents,
     including General Principles of Civil Law, Civil Code – Contract Law, Company Law, Electronic Commerce
     Law and Company Law Interpretation (3), (4), etc. He was also awarded the Special Outstanding Teacher
     Award in 2011 and the Outstanding Teacher Awards in 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2016 by China University of
     Political Science and Law.

     Dr. Li obtained the independent director qualification from the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2015. He has
     been an independent non-executive director of Linksus Digiwork Marketing Communication Co., Ltd. (stock
     code: 838290) since August 2017, an independent non-executive director of China Shanshui Cement Group
     Limited (stock code: 0691) since May 2018, an independent non-executive director of the Company since
     August 2021, and an independent non-executive director of Vats Liquor Chain Store Management Joint Stock
     Co., Ltd. (stock code: 300755) since April 2022. Dr. Li previously served as an independent non-executive
     director of Hanwang Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 002362) from April 2018 to December 2024, and
     as an independent non-executive director of China Quanjude (Group) Co., Ltd. (stock code: 002186) from
     January 2019 to May 2025. In addition, he was appointed as a non-executive director of YLZ Information
     Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 300096) in December 2025.

     Except as disclosed above, Dr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of
     which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual
     report.




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波), aged 50, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

Mr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in the legal service industry with a focus on corporate law. In April
2000, Mr. Wang joined Duan & Duan Law Firm (段和段律師事務所) and is currently acting as the executive
chairman, chief executive officer and partner. He has been an independent non-executive director of Shanghai
Tunnel Engineering Co., Ltd. (上海隧道工程股份有限公司) (SSE stock code: 600820) since December 2018
and Juneyao Airlines Co., Ltd. (上海吉祥航空股份有限公司) (SSE stock code: 603885) since July 2017. He
has been an independent director of Hengyi Biomedical Technology (Shanghai) Co Ltd (恒翼生物醫藥(上海)
股份有限公司) since November 2021.

Mr. Wang received a bachelor’s degree in literature from Shanghai International Studies University (上海外國
語大學) in the PRC in January 1997 and another bachelor’s degree in law from Shanghai University (上海大
學) in the PRC in July 1999. Mr. Wang also graduated from the University of Oxford with a master’s degree
in law in the United Kingdom in October 2005. Mr. Wang received his PRC lawyer’s practicing license issued
by the Shanghai Bureau of Justice (上海市司法局) in January 2001.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Wang has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities
of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
annual report.

Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青), aged 55, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

Mr. Ye has over 25 years of experience in professional accounting, financial advisory and investment services.
He has been an independent non-executive director of Nova East International Holding Limited (Hong Kong
Stock Code: 3626) since June 2025, Hygeia Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx stock code: 6078) since
September 2019, Ascentage Pharma Group International (HKEx stock code: 6855) since June 2019, Niu
Technologies (NASDAQ stock code: NIU) since October 2018, and Baozun Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: BZUN
and HKEx stock code: 9991) since May 2016. Mr. Ye was an independent director of NWTN Inc. (NASDAQ
stock code: NWTN) from November 2022 to December 2024, an independent director of VNET Group Limited
(NASDAQ stock code: VNET) from August 2022 to October 2024, an independent non-executive director
of Luzhou Bank Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 1983) between December 2018 and September 2022. From
February 2011 to December 2015, Mr. Ye worked at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. (中
信產業投資基金管理有限公司), and his last positions there were managing director, chief financial officer and
member of the investment committee. Prior to that, between April 1993 and January 2011, Mr. Ye worked
at the China office of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP (Special General Partnership) (普華永道中天
會計師事務所 (特殊普通合夥)), with his last positions being service line leader of advisory services and leader
of transaction services of Shanghai office.

Mr. Ye graduated with a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Huazhong University of Science and Technology
(華中理工大學, now renamed as 華中科技大學) in the PRC in July 1992 and a master’s degree in business
administration from University of Warwick in the United Kingdom in November 1999. Mr. Ye is currently a
member of the Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Ye has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of
which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual
report.



                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   45
     Directors and Senior Management



     Senior Management
     Mr. Dong Yang, is an executive Director, chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer of the
     Company. See “— Executive Directors” for details of his biography.

     Dr. Lyu Rong, is an executive Director and co-chief executive officer of the Company. See “— Executive
     Directors” for details of her biography.

     Dr. Li Yuan (李媛), aged 54, has been the chief medical officer of the Group since August 2021 and is
     primarily responsible for improving the quality of medical services, strengthening the scientific research
     and innovation, training medical professionals and employees and improving the customer-centric culture
     in the hospitals of the Group. Dr. Li has been working in the field of reproductive medicine since 1994.
     From 1999 to 2011, Dr. Li successively served as the laboratory director and assistant to the dean in the
     Affiliated Reproductive Medicine Hospital of Shandong University* (山東大學附屬生殖醫院) and established its
     standardized quality control system. Prior to that, from September 2011 to August 2021, she was employed
     as a director at the reproductive center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital* (北京朝陽醫院). During her tenure, she
     significantly contributed to and as the founder of reproductive center, led the reproductive center of Beijing
     Chaoyang Hospital to become one of the top clinical centers in Beijing in terms of clinical operations, greatly
     recognized by the patients.

     Dr. Li has made a series of academic achievements in the field of reproductive medicine. She owns more
     than 10 patents in relation to reproductive medicine and has published more than 130 academic articles. As
     a project director, she had also undertaken eight Chinese national and provincial projects, including the 973
     Program* (國家973計劃課題) in 2011 and the project of the Natural National Science Foundation of China*
     (國家自然科學基金) in 2008 and 2014 respectively. Further, Dr. Li received second prize in the National
     Science and Technology Progress Award* (國家科技進步獎), first prize in the Ministry of Education* (教育
     部) and the first and second prize in the Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award*(省科技進步
     獎), respectively. Moreover, she was the chief editor of the guiding textbook Human Assisted Reproductive
     Laboratory Technology* (人類輔助生殖實驗技術) published in 2008.

     Dr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree from the School of Medicine of the Shandong Medical University (山東
     大學醫學院) in June 1994 and a master’s degree and a doctorate degree from the School of Medicine of
     the Shandong Medical University in June 1999.

     Dr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
     or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                           Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Duan Hongmei (段紅梅), aged 45, has been the chief operating officer of the domestic market of
the Company and the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group
Limited* (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since March 2022 and December 2018, respectively. Ms.
Duan has nearly 20 years of experience in the hospital industry. From April 2017 to November 2018, she
served as the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Healthcare Hospital Management Co. Ltd.* (成
都錦欣康養醫院管理有限公司). From October 2016 to March 2017, she served as the director of Chengdu
Jinxin JiuJiuLeLing Healthcare Center (成都錦欣九九樂齡康養中心). From August 2015 to October 2016, she
served as the deputy director of Chengdu Jinxin Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦欣婦產科醫院).
From September 2004 to July 2015, she was the director of Longzhou Road/Lianxin/Yanshikou Community
Healthcare Center (成都錦江區龍舟路╱蓮新路╱鹽市口社區衛生服務中心) in Jinjiang District, Chengdu and
the person in charge of Jinxin Love Angel Education Center (錦欣愛天使教育中心). From September 2003
to August 2004, she served as an inpatient gynaecology nurse at Chengdu Jinjiang District Obstetrics and
Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦江區婦產科醫院) and also as a nursing department administrator.

Ms. Duan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Southwest University of Finance and
Economics (西南財經大學) in November 2018.

Ms. Duan did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                            Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   47
     Report of Directors



     The Board is pleased to present its annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements
     of the Group for the Reporting Period.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group principally engaged in providing IVF services in both China and the United States. An analysis of
     the principal activities of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out in note 46 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
     622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an indication of
     likely future developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders
     who have a significant impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the
     section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These discussions form part
     of this annual report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year
     is set out in the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements” under “Continuing
     Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of certain principal risks and
     uncertainties faced by the Group.


     •    The assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network conduct business in a strictly regulated
          industry. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may adversely affect the business
          and results of operations of the medical facilities in our network and, therefore, the Group.

     •    Any adverse change in the regulatory regime relating to the PRC healthcare industry may limit the ability
          to provide ARS by the medical facilities in our network and may have a material adverse effect on the
          business, results of operations and financial conditions of the assisted reproductive medical facilities
          in our network, and therefore, the Group.

     •    If the assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network are unable to attract and retain a sufficient
          number of qualified physicians, administrators and other medical personnel, the business, results of
          operations and financial results of such medical facilities and the Group could be materially and adversely
          affected.

     •    We derived and expect to derive a majority of our revenue from Sichuan and Guangdong in the PRC
          and California in the United States, and may be particularly sensitive to adverse developments with
          respect to local conditions and changes in these regions, such as with respect to their economy, laws
          and regulations, and any force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious diseases
          in these region.

     •    Any failure to obtain or maintain any license may subject the assisted reproductive medical facilities in
          our network to penalties and may affect the business of the assisted reproductive medical facilities in
          our network, and therefore, the Group.




48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Report of Directors



Since the above is not an exhaustive list, investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
protecting the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.

For more details, please refer to the 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company
which will be published and made available at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
regulations by the Group.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 116 and 117 of this annual report.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$4.18 cents per Share for the year ended
December 31, 2025 (for the year ended December 31, 2024: Nil). Subject to the approval of the Shareholders
at the forthcoming AGM, the proposed final dividend will be paid on Tuesday, July 28, 2026 to the Shareholders
whose names appear on the register of members on Tuesday, July 7, 2026.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five ﬁnancial years are set out on page
6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the underwriting
fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million and the unutilized net
proceeds were kept at the bank accounts of the Group as at December 31, 2025.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   49
     Report of Directors



     The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have
     been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets
     out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                                         Net proceeds                   Expected timeline
                                                                                                              Actual          brought Unutilized net for utilizing
                                                                                        Percentage      usage up to        forward for proceeds as at the remaining
                                                                           Planned      of total net   December 31,      the Reporting December 31, unutilized net
     Use of proceeds                                                   applications       proceeds             2025             Period          2025 proceeds(2)
                                                                        (HK$ million)                    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)


     To expand and upgrade existing assisted reproductive                    702.0(1)        25.0%              702.0                –               – By December 2022
        medical facilities in the Group’s network in China and
        recruit medical professionals, including physicians and
        embryologists, in order to increase capacity, expand its
        service offering and market share(1)
     For the potential acquisition of additional assisted                      561.6         20.0%              561.6                –               – By December 2021
        reproductive medical facilities in provinces in China we are
        currently not operating in(3)
     For investment in research and development to enhance                     280.8         10.0%              243.1             37.7            26.9 By December 2026
        overall performance and maintain the Group’s position at
        the forefront of assisted reproductive technology
     For the potential acquisitions of ARS service providers and               561.6         20.0%              561.6                –               – By December 2021
        businesses along the ARS service chain(4)
     To improve brand awareness and general ARS awareness in                   421.2         15.0%              421.2                –               – By December 2025
        both China and the United States
     For the Group’s working capital and general corporate                     280.9         10.0%              280.9                –               – By June 2022
        purposes(5)


     Total                                                                  2,808.1         100.0%            2,770.4             37.7            26.9

     Notes:

     (1)     The Group intends to use (i) 20.0% or HK$561.6 million to (a) expand and upgrade the medical facilities, (b) acquire
             additional medical equipment and (c) acquire and/or construct patient care facilities, and (ii) 5.0%, or HK$140.4 million
             to recruit and expand medical professional teams and relevant supporting staff, including introducing professional staff
             specializing in prenatal services.

     (2)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
             made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.

     (3)     Including the acquisition of equity interests of a hospital in Wuhan with assisted reproductive medical facilities and subsequent
             capital expenditure in connection with improving the hospital.

     (4)     Including (i) formation of joint venture with the shareholders of Mengmei Life Pty. Ltd. and Jinxin Hospital Management
             Group Limited in relation to, among others, the promotion, customers acquisition and channels management related to
             IVF and (ii) acquisition of obstetrics, gynecology and pediatric business through Jinxin Medical Management (BVI) Group
             Limited.




50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                    Report of Directors



(5)     Namely (i) consultation fees, including but not limited to fees for legal compliance, audit, investor relations/public relations,
        human resources, and operations; (ii) rental and office expense; and (iii) remuneration packages of the existing management
        team.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING
On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. International
plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 80,000,000 shares (or,
failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six independent
investors (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$15.85 per share. The net price per Placing share was
approximately HK$15.67. The closing price was HK$17.02 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on
the date of the placing agreement.

The closing of the Placing took place on February 9, 2021. The net proceeds from the Placing were
approximately HK$1,253.5 million, which have been fully utilized as at December 31, 2025 in accordance
with the purposes set out in the announcements of the Company dated February 2, 2021 and February 9,
2021 respectively. The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage
up to December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                                    Net proceeds                   Expected timeline
                                                                                                         Actual          brought Unutilized net for utilizing
                                                                                   Percentage      usage up to        forward for proceeds as at the remaining
                                                                      Planned      of total net   December 31,      the Reporting December 31, unutilized net
                                                                  applications        proceed             2025             Period          2025 proceeds(1)
                                                                   (HK$ million)                    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)


To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities of              1,002.8          80.0%            1,002.8                –               – By December 2021
   ARS-licensed providers located in regions in the PRC with
   relatively high demand for ARS, such as in East China,
   the Beijing Tianjin-Hebei region, and other highly potential
   regions
To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities of                 188.0         15.0%              188.0                –               – By June 2024
   ARS-licensed providers located outside the PRC, such as
   Southeast Asia and other Asia pacific countries
For general corporate and working capital purposes                         62.7           5.0%              62.7                –               – By June 2022


Total                                                                  1,253.5         100.0%            1,253.5                –               –

Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
        made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025               Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     51
     Report of Directors



     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM TOP-UP PLACING
     On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with JINXIN Fertility
     Investment Group Limited as vendor (the “Vendor”) and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as placing agent (the
     “Top-Up Placing Agent”), pursuant to which (i) the Vendor agreed to sell, and the Top-Up Placing Agent
     agreed to procure purchaser to purchase, on a fully underwritten basis, 175,000,000 Shares at a price of
     HK$6.725 per Share; and (ii) the Vendor agreed to subscribe as principal for, and the Company agreed to
     issue, 175,000,000 new Shares, being equivalent to the number of placing Shares thereunder at the same
     price (the “Top-Up Placing”). The closing price was HK$7.31 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange
     on the date of the placing and subscription agreement.

     The closing of the placing and subscription under the Top-Up Placing took place on January 9, 2023 and
     January 16, 2023, respectively. The net proceeds from the Top-Up Placing were approximately HK$1,162.31
     million, which have been fully utilized as at December 31, 2025 in accordance with the purposes set out in
     the announcements of the Company dated January 5, 2023 and January 16, 2023, respectively. The table
     below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                                  Net proceeds                   Expected timeline
                                                                                                       Actual          brought Unutilized net for utilizing
                                                                                 Percentage      usage up to        forward for proceeds as at the remaining
                                                                    Planned      of total net   December 31,      the Reporting December 31, unutilized net
                                                                applications        proceed             2025             Period          2025 proceeds(1)
                                                                 (HK$ million)                    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)


     To redeem and repay the relevant part of the outstanding         987.96          85.0%             987.96                –               – By June 2023
        convertible bonds issued by the Company on November
        26, 2021 in the principal amount of HK$1,814,706,000
     For the Group’s working capital and general corporate            174.35          15.0%             174.35                –               – By December 2024
        purposes


     Total                                                          1,162.31         100.0%           1,162.31                –               –

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
             made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited            Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Report of Directors



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS
Major Customers
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s sales to its ﬁve largest customers accounted for 20.8%
(2024: 23.8%) of the Group’s total revenue and our single largest customer accounted for 18.0% (2024:
16.8%) of the Group’s total revenue.

Major Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s ﬁve largest suppliers accounted for 29.5% (2024:
36.1%) of the Group’s total purchases and our single largest supplier accounted for 13.7% (2024: 17.0%)
of the Group’s total purchases.

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders
(which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the
Company) had any interest in the Group’s ﬁve largest customers and suppliers.

Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, patients, customers,
suppliers and other business associates are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve
corporate sustainability through engaging, educating, collaborating, and cultivating strong relationships with
them. The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees. To maintain the
quality, knowledge and skill levels of the Group’s workforce, the Group provides the employees with periodic
training, including introductory training for new employees, technical training, professional and management
training and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains a good relationship with its
employees and the Group did not experience any significant labor disputes or any difficulty in recruiting staff
for its operations. The Group conducts academic marketing activities to establish and maintain relationships
with key opinion leaders in the national medical system. The Group provides these experts with detailed
information on its products and helps them make independent comparison among competing products in
the market. The Group also maintains long-term cooperative relationships with medical experts to help raise
the Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s products in the medical community and among patients,
provide it with valuable clinical data to improve the Group’s products, and collect feedback from the real
world clinical practices and support on the patients group and comply with physicians to manage the side
effects. For details of an account of the Company’s key relationships with its main stakeholders, please see
the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year
ended December 31, 2025 are set out in note 16 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year December 31, 2025 are set out
in note 38 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Report of Directors



     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended December 31,
     2025 are set out on pages 120 to 122 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 47 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, amounted to approximately
     RMB7,278.6 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB8,357.4 million).

     TAXATION
     Tax position of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set forth in note 12 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     TAX RELIEF
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.

     BANK BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank borrowings of the Company and the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in note
     37 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. John G. Wilcox (resigned on August 27, 2025)
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer)
     Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Geng Lihong

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (redesignated on March 28, 2025)
     Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)
     Ms. Hu Zhe
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
     Mr. Chen Shuyun (appointed on September 25, 2025)

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung
     Dr. Li Jianwei
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo
     Mr. Ye Changqing




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Report of Directors



In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being
(or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire
from office by rotation, and shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM.

In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill
a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of members after his/her appointment and
be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the
existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

Accordingly, Dr. Geng Lihong, Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo shall retire by
rotation as Directors at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

Details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM will be set out in the circular to the Shareholders to be
dispatched in due course.

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 39 to
47 of this annual report.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to
be independent during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective date
of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the case
may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an appointment
letter with the Company for a term of three years with effect from their respective date of appointment.
Under their respective appointment letters, each of the independent non-executive Directors is entitled to
a fixed Director’s fee while the non-executive Directors are not entitled to any remuneration as Directors.

The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

None of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM, has entered into any service
contract with any member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within
one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   55
     Report of Directors



     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions and One-Off Connected Transactions”
     below, none of the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement
     or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or
     fellow subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.

     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     No contract of significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the Reporting
     Period.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
     business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
     remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group.

     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
     Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
     Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the
     Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution
     of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries, allowances,
     benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The remuneration policy for
     non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that non-executive Directors
     and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated
     to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non-
     executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is
     determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior
     management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

     No Director has waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year ended December 31, 2025.

     Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period are
     set out in note 13 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
     Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 41 to the
     consolidated financial statements.




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Report of Directors



CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in Directors’ information after the publication of
the 2025 interim report are set out below:

•    Dr. Li Jianwei was appointed as a non-executive director of YLZ Information Technology Co., Ltd., a
     company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300096), with effect from December
     16, 2025.

Save as disclosed above and in this annual report, there was no change to information which is required to
be disclosed and has been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 13.51(2)
of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

RISK MANAGEMENT
Currency Risk
The business of the Group operates in the mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with its
transactions settled in Renminbi, HK dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Renminbi is not a freely convertible
currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international economic and political
developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted any hedging measure, the cost
of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which serves as a natural hedge. As a
result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any significant direct foreign exchange risk and
has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to such risk.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its cash flow
interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The Directors
consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The
Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because such instruments have a tenor of less than one year
or are redeemable on demand.

Liquidity Risk
The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast
and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Report of Directors



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of
     the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which had been notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions
     which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
     to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Interest in Shares and Underlying Shares
                                                                              Number         Approximate
                                                                           of Shares/       percentage of       Long position/
                                          Capacity/                        underlying     shareholding in       Short position/
     Name of Directors                    nature of interest                   Shares      the Company (1)      Lending pool


     Mr. Zhong Yong (2)                   Beneficial owner                 13,573,611                 0.49%     Long position
     Mr. Dong Yang (3)                    Beneficial owner                 96,214,318                 3.51%     Long position
     Dr. Lyu Rong (4)                     Beneficial owner                 39,424,318                 1.44%     Long position
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (5)                 Beneficial owner                  3,466,000                 0.13%     Long position
     Dr. Geng Lihong (6)                  Beneficial owner                    600,000                 0.02%     Long position
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung (7)              Beneficial owner                 11,977,318                 0.44%     Long position
     Mr. Chen Shuyun (8)                  Beneficial owner                    450,000                 0.02%     Long position
     Dr. Li Jianwei (9)                   Beneficial owner                    450,000                 0.02%     Long position
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo (10)                 Beneficial owner                    450,000                 0.02%     Long position
     Mr. Ye Changqing (11)                Beneficial owner                    450,000                 0.02%     Long position

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,744,706,043 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2025.

     (2)   Includes (i) 7,804,268 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Zhong Yong; (ii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares
           equivalent to 5,319,343 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions; and
           (iii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the 2025 Share
           Scheme.

     (3)   Includes (i) 11,079,801 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Dong Yang; (ii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to Restricted Shares
           equivalent to 2,793,517 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions; and
           (iii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to 82,341,000 options granted to him under the 2025 Share Scheme.

     (4)   Includes (i) 7,666,948 Shares beneficially owned by Dr. Lyu Rong; (ii) Dr. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares
           equivalent to 4,310,370 Shares granted to her under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions; and
           (iii) Dr. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to 27,447,000 options granted to her under the 2025 Share Scheme.

     (5)   Includes (i) 3,016,000 Shares beneficially owned by Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and (ii) Ms. Yan Xiaoqing’s entitlement to 300,000
           options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to her under the 2025 Share Scheme.

     (6)   Includes Dr. Geng Lihong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 600,000 Shares granted to her under the 2022
           Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.




58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       Report of Directors



(7)    Includes Dr. Chong Yat Keung’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 600,000 Shares granted to him under the
       2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.

(8)    Includes Mr. Chen Shuyun’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the 2025
       Share Scheme.

(9)    Includes Dr. Li Jianwei’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the 2025
       Share Scheme.

(10)   Includes Mr. Wang Xiaobo’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the 2025
       Share Scheme.

(11)   Includes Mr. Ye Changqing’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the 2025
       Share Scheme.


(i)    Interest in the Company’s associated corporations
                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of
                                         Capacity/                    Name of associated                        shareholding
       Name of Director                  nature of interest           corporation                                    interest


       Dr. Lyu Rong                      Beneficial owner             Jinyi Hongkang                                     51% (1)
       Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                  Beneficial owner             Jinrun Fude                                        51% (2)

       Notes:

       (1)   Dr. Lyu Rong, one of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang.
             Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2022 Contractual Arrangements.

       (2)   Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude.
             Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
             Arrangements.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the
Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that
was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of
the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for
the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    59
     Report of Directors



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director
     or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which
     fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                               Number         Approximate
                                                                            of Shares/       percentage of      Long position/
                                           Capacity/                        underlying     shareholding in      Short position/
     Name of Shareholders                  nature of interest                   Shares      the Company (1)     Lending pool


     Jinxin Fertility BVI (2)              Beneficial owner               319,471,061               11.64%      Long position

     Notes:

     (1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 2,744,706,043 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2025.

     (2)    Jinxin Fertility BVI is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the individual Shareholders are
            interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon Listing and remain as one of our substantial
            Shareholders upon Listing and as at December 31, 2025.


     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who
     were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or
     underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
     would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.

     PRE-IPO RSU SCHEME
     The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the “Pre-IPO
     RSU Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during the year ended December 31, 2024. Following its
     termination, no more RSU will be granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme. The following is a summary of the
     principal terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the Pre-IPO
     RSU Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
            The purposes of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the Pre-IPO
            RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the
            Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the
            Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with
            a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
            benefits to the Selected Participants.

     (2) Selected Participants of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
            Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are any employee, director, officer,
            consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any member of
            the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed
            or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any Managed Entity.



60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                        Report of Directors



(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
   The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant to the
   Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed in 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately 1.66% of the
   Company’s issued share capital as of the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”), and
   representing approximately 1.23% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation
   but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report. As at the date of this report,
   no further RSUs are available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
   The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed any
   limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any
   further grant of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the
   Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.

(5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting schedule of the
   RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each corresponding Selected Participant
   upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on the respective anniversary dates of the vesting
   commencement date.

(6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
   RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of the
   grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme were
   granted to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Selected
   Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

(7) Life of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme commences on the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date and would remain valid and
   effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date,
   unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. Since the Company has no intention to make
   further grants under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, as at December 31, 2025, the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   was terminated and no further RSUs would be granted under such scheme, whilst the RSUs previously
   granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with
   the provisions thereof.

   There were no RSUs available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as at January 1, 2025, and
   no RSU was granted during the Reporting Period.

   The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme for the Reporting
   Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:




                                                             Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   61
     Report of Directors




                                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                          Closing                                                                       average
                                                                                          price of                                                                       closing
                                                                                           Shares                                                                       price of
                                                                                     immediately                                                                     the Shares
                                                                                           before Number of Number of                                               immediately
                                                                                         the date unvested       award                                  Number of         before Fair value
                                                                                        on which      award     Shares Number of                            award the dates of award
                                                                                       the award     Shares    granted      award Number of                Shares      on which Shares at
                                                                                     Shares were     held at during the    Shares     award                held at the award the date
          Name of Participant or                                                          granted January 1, Reporting    lapsed/    Shares             December Shares were of granted
          Category of Participant        Date of Grant          Vesting Period(1)           (HK$)      2025      Period cancelled    vested               31, 2025 vested (HK$)       (HK$)


          Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
                                                                                                  N/A

          Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                           N/A

          Related entity participants or service provider with options or awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                              N/A

          Other employee participants
                                         January 10, 2021       6 months-3 years            15.18       874,468          –      749,468       125,000             –        6.68       15.18
                                         June 1, 2021           8 months-3 years            21.25       125,000          –            –       125,000             –        4.80       21.25
                                         March 1, 2022          10 months-3 years            8.89        33,334          –            –        33,334             –        3.95        8.94
                                         April 19, 2024         1-5 years                    2.31     1,764,360          –                    158,843     1,605,517        2.88        2.27

          Other related entity participants
                                          January 10, 2021      1-3 years                   15.18       278,700          –                    139,350       139,350        4.17       15.18
                                          January 31, 2022      1 months-5 years             7.76     1,612,476          –                    537,492     1,074,984        2.43        7.76
          Total                                                 –                                     4,688,338          –      749,468     1,119,019     2,819,851




62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   Report of Directors



    Notes:

    (1)   The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are linked
          with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the achievement
          of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as the results of
          individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected Participant.

    (2)   The purchase price for the award Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Selected Participants upon vesting
          is nil.

    (3)   The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during the
          Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting
          Period was nil.


2022 SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The 2022 Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022 (the “2022
Scheme Adoption Date”), which has been amended on June 25, 2024 (the “2022 Scheme Amendment
Date”) to bring its terms in alignment with the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The following is
a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it
intended to be, the 2022 Share Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
rules of the 2022 Share Award Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    The purposes of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the 2022
    Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary
    interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the
    value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and
    (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating,
    compensating and/or providing benefits to the Award Selected Participants.

(2) Award Selected Participants of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme comprise Employee
    Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the 2022 Share Award
    Scheme). Please refer to the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024 for further details of the
    eligible participants.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    63
     Report of Directors



     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made pursuant
          to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed in 75,227,514 Shares, representing approximately
          3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption Date (the “2022 Scheme Mandate
          Limit”), and representing approximately 2.79% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for
          cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no
          account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the
          right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2022 Share
          Award Scheme. The total number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants
          made to Service Providers pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 8,273,118
          Shares (the “2022 Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately 0.3% of the total number
          of Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury
          Shares) as at the 2022 Scheme Amendment Date and representing approximately 0.31% as at the date
          of this report. As at the date of this report, (i) the total number of Shares available for issue under the
          2022 Share Award Scheme is 9,374,273 Shares, representing approximately 0.35% of the Shares in
          issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at
          that date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the 2022
          Share Award Scheme is 8,273,118 Shares, representing 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares
          repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at that date.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed
          any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force.
          Any further grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be
          subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates
          abstaining from voting.

     (5) Vesting Period of Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
          Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the restricted
          Shares will usually be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee
          upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of the grant,
          save as determined by the Board at its discretion.

     (6) Grant of restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
          Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the
          offer of the grant of the restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The restricted Shares under
          the 2022 Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at nil consideration
          and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                              Report of Directors



(7) Life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
   The 2022 Share Award Scheme commences on the 2022 Award Adoption Date and remains valid and
   effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date,
   unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at December 31, 2025, the remaining
   life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme is approximately six years.

   The total number of Restricted Shares available for grant to Award Selected Participants under the
   2022 Share Award Scheme was 9,374,273 as at January 1, 2025, and the total number of Restricted
   Shares available for grant to Service Providers under the 2022 Share Award Scheme was 8,273,118
   as at January 1, 2025.

   The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
   for the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                Closing                                                                      average
                                                               price of                                                                       closing
                                                                Shares                                                                       price of
                                                           immediately                                                                    the Shares
                                                             before the Number of Number of                                              immediately        Fair
                                                               date on unvested Restricted                                    Number of before the     value of
                                                             which the Restricted    Shares                                   Restricted    dates on Restricted
                                                             Restricted    Shares   granted Number of Number of Number of        Shares which the Shares at
                                                           Shares were    held at during the Restricted Restricted Restricted    held at Restricted the date
   Name of Participant or                                      granted January 1, Reporting     Shares     Shares     Shares December Shares were      of grant
   Category of Participant Date of Grant Vesting Period(1)        (HK$)      2025     Period    lapsed cancelled      vested 31, 2025 vested (HK$)        (HK$)

   Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
   Dr. John G. Wilcox
       (resigned on August
       27, 2025)             March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 4,000,000                 –              –           –   1,000,000   3,000,000          2.70           5.40
   Mr. Zhong Yong            March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 5,319,343                 –              –           –           –   5,319,343          2.37           5.40
   Mr. Dong Yang             March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 5,419,318                 –              –   2,000,000     625,801   2,793,517          2.88           5.40
   Dr. Lyu Rong              March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 4,335,454                 –              –           –      25,084   4,310,370          2.38           5.40
   Dr. Geng Lihong           March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38       480,000             –              –           –           –     480,000          2.37           5.40

   Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                            N/A

   Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue
      (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                             N/A

   Other employee
      participants
                             January 18, 2023 1 year – 5 years          7.34 24,118,698                 –         50,200           –   4,463,768 19,604,730           2.61           7.34
                             March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years            5.38 6,101,961                  –        239,208           –     487,328 5,375,425            2.45           5.40

   Other related entity participants
                             January 18, 2023 1-5 Years                 7.34       816,981              –              –           –           –    816,981           2.37           7.34

   Other service providers
                                                                                                N/A

   Total                                                                        50,591,755              –        289,408   2,000,000   6,601,981 41,700,366
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025                Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                65
     Report of Directors



          Notes:

          (1)       The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
                    corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of
                    the grant.

          (2)       The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants
                    upon vesting is nil.

          (3)       As no new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the
                    2022 Share Award Scheme, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be issued
                    in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided
                    by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.


          The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme for
          the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by existing shares acquired by trustee(s) of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                              Closing price                                                                                         closing price
                                                                                  of Shares                                                                                         of the Shares
                                                                               immediately                                                                                           immediately
                                                                                 before the                  Number of                                                 Number of        before the
                                                                                    date on Number of        Restricted                                                 unvested         dates on Fair value of
                                                                                 which the unvested             Shares                                                 Restricted       which the Restricted
                                                                                 Restricted Restricted         granted      Number of      Number of      Number of       Shares        Restricted Shares at
                                                                               Shares were Shares held       during the     Restricted     Restricted     Restricted      held at    Shares were the date of
          Name of Participant or                                                    granted at January       Reporting         Shares         Shares         Shares    December            vested         grant
          Category of Participant          Date of Grant    Vesting Period(1)         (HK$)     1, 2025          Period        lapsed       cancelled        vested      31, 2025            (HK$)       (HK$)


          Directors of the listed issuer
                                                                                                            N/A

          Five highest paid individuals in aggregate (excluding Directors)
                                                                                                            N/A

          Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                                             N/A

          Other grantees in aggregate
          Other employee participants April 19, 2024        1 year-5 years           2.31      4,000,000             —              —              —       1,000,000    3,000,000           2.81           2.27

          Total                                                                                4,000,000             —              —              —       1,000,000    3,000,000

          Notes:

          (1)       The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
                    satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

          (2)       The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants
                    upon vesting is nil.

          (3)       As at December 31, 2025, the trustee of the 2022 Share Award Scheme, pursuant to the rules of the 2022 Share
                    Award Scheme, held 3,000,000 Shares it purchased from the secondary market for the purpose of satisfying grants
                    of the Restricted Shares.




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                        Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Report of Directors



2025 SHARE SCHEME
The 2025 Share Scheme was approved by the Board on September 25, 2025 and approved and adopted
by the Shareholders on December 5, 2025 (the “2025 Scheme Adoption Date”). The 2025 Share Scheme
will be satisfied by treasury Shares and/or new Shares. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
the 2025 Share Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the 2025 Share Scheme nor
should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the 2025 Share Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the 2025 Share Scheme
     The purposes of the 2025 Share Scheme are to (a) recognize the contributions of the selected
     participants of the 2025 Share Scheme (the “2025 Award Selected Participants”); (b) encourage,
     motivate and retain the 2025 Award Selected Participants, whose contributions are beneficial to the
     continual operation, development and growth of the Group; and (c) provide additional incentive for the
     2025 Award Selected Participants to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives
     of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the 2025 Award Selected Participants
     to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares.

(2) Award Selected Participants of the 2025 Share Scheme
     Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2025 Share Scheme comprise Employee
     Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the 2025 Share Scheme).
     Please refer to the circular of the Company dated November 19, 2025 for further details of the eligible
     participants.

(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
     The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made pursuant
     to the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed in 192,129,423 Shares, representing approximately 7% of
     the Company’s issued share capital as of the 2025 Award Adoption Date (the “2025 Scheme Mandate
     Limit”), and representing approximately 7.14% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for
     cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no
     account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2025 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the
     right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2025 Share
     Award Scheme. The total number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants
     made to Service Providers pursuant to the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed 19,212,942 Shares (the
     “2025 Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately 0.7% and 0.71% of the total number
     of Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury
     Shares) as at the 2025 Scheme Adoption Date and as at the date of this report. As at the date of this
     report, (i) the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2025 Share Scheme is 51,444,423
     Shares, representing approximately 1.91% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at that
     date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the 2025 Share
     Scheme is 19,212,942 Shares, representing 0.71% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased
     for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at that date.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
     The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed any limits
     that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any further
     grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the
     Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.


                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   67
     Report of Directors



     (5) Exercise period or vesting period under the 2025 Share Scheme
          The exercise period or vesting period for the awards (as the case may be) under the 2025 Share
          Scheme shall be determined by the Board at its sole and absolute discretion and shall end in any event
          not later than ten (10) years from the date of grant. The vesting period of the awards granted under
          the 2025 Share Scheme shall not be less than twelve (12) months, whilst any grants to the employee
          participants may be subject to a shorter vesting period under specific circumstances as set out in the
          2025 Share Scheme.

     (6) Grant of awards and acceptance of offers
          Awards may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of the
          grant of the awards as indicated in the offer letter, together with a payment which the Board may in its
          absolute discretion determine the amount (if any) payable on acceptance of an award and the period
          within which any such payments must be made, and such amounts (if any).

          In respect of awards to be granted in the form of restricted share awards, the Board may determine in
          its absolute discretion the amount (if any) payable on acceptance and/or upon vesting of such awards
          and the period within which any such payments must be made, and such amounts (if any) and periods
          shall be set out in the notice of award. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine the
          vesting price to be nil.

     (7) Basis for determining the purchase price of Awards, the Exercise Price and the
         Vesting Price
          In respect of an award, the purchase price shall be such price, as determined by the Board in their
          absolute discretion, payable by a 2025 Award Selected Participant to the Company for acceptance
          of an award. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine such purchase price to be at nil
          consideration.

          In respect of option awards, the exercise price of each option award under the 2025 Share Scheme
          shall be not less than the highest of (i) the nominal value of a Share; (ii) the closing price of the Shares
          as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the grant date, which must be a business
          day; and (iii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
          sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date.

     (8) Life of the 2025 Share Scheme
          The 2025 Share Scheme commences on the 2025 Award Adoption Date and remains valid and effective
          unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless
          terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at December 31, 2025, the remaining life
          of the 2025 Share Scheme is approximately ten years.

          The total number of Shares available for grant to a 2025 Award Selected Participants under the 2025
          Share Scheme was nil and 51,744,423 as at January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025, and the total
          number of Shares available for grant to Service Providers under the 2025 Share Scheme was nil and
          19,212,942 as at January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                   Report of Directors



The table below shows details of the restricted share awards granted under the 2025 Share Scheme
during the Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                                                                                                                                                           closing
                                                                                                                                                                                                      price of the
                                                                   Closing price                                                                                                                           Shares
                                                                       of Shares                                                                                                                     immediately
                                                                    immediately Number of      Number of                                                                              Number of        before the
                                                                      before the   unvested    Restricted                                                                              unvested          dates on Fair value of
                                                                  date on which Restricted Shares granted                                                   Number of    Number of Restricted           which the Restricted
Name of Participant                                               the Restricted Shares held   during the                                                   Restricted   Restricted Shares held        Restricted    Shares at
or Category of                                                      Shares were at January      Reporting                                                      Shares       Shares at December      Shares were the date of
Participant               Date of grant        Vesting Period     granted (HK$)       1,2025       Period                                                      lapsed       vested      31, 2025    vested (HK$) grant (HK$)
                                                                                                   Shares granted during the Reporting Period




Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
Mr. Zhong Yong            December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing          December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Mr. Chen Shuyun           December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Dr. Chong Yat Keung December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                          2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Dr. Li Jianwei            December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Mr. Wang Xiaobo           December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Mr. Ye Changqing          December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                                 –            –       150,000            N/A            2.57
Ms. Hu Zhe(1)             December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50               –         150,000                                           150,000            –             –            N/A            2.57

Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                               N/A

Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding
treasury Shares)
                                                                                               N/A

Other employee participants
                                                                                                N/A

Other related entity participants
                                                                                                N/A

Other service providers
                                                                                                N/A

Total                                                                                          –                                                1,200,000     150,000            –      1,050,000

Notes:

(1)      150,000 restricted share awards granted to Ms. Hu Zhe lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2025 due to
         non-acceptance.

(2)      The vesting schedule of the restricted share awards will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee
         upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

(3)      The purchase price for the restricted share awards transferred or to be transferred to the 2025 Award Selected
         Participants upon vesting is nil.




                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025                 Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               69
     Report of Directors



          The table below shows details of the option awards granted under the 2025 Share Scheme during the
          Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         of the shares
                                                                   Closing price           Number                                                                                                                         immediately
                                                                       of shares                of                                                   Number Number Number Number Number                                         before
                                                                    immediately           unvested                                                  of option of option of option of option of option Number of              the dates Fair value
                                                                      before the            option                                                    awards awards awards awards awards                    unvested          on which of option
                                                                  date on which            awards                                                    granted      vested exercised      lapsed cancelled       option       the option awards at
          Name of Participant                                         the option Exercise held at                                                  during the during the during the during the during the awards held    awards were the date
          or Category of                                           awards were      Price January                                                  Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting at December             exercised of grant
          Participant         Date of grant        Vesting Period granted (HK$) (HK$) 1, 2025                                                          Period     Period     Period     Period     Period    31, 2025            (HK$)      (HK$)
                                                                                                 Shares granted during the Reporting Period




          Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
          Mr. Zhong Yong December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                      2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Ms. Yan Xiaoqing December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Mr. Chen Shuyun December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                     2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Dr. Chong Yat Keung December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                 2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Dr. Li Jianwei       December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Mr. Wang Xiaobo December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                     2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Mr. Ye Changqing December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –           –         –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
          Ms. Hu Zhe(1)        December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                2.50         2.82             –       300,000                                        –          –     300,000         –              –            NA    0.93-0.94
          Mr. Dong Yang        December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years               2.50         2.82             – 82,341,000                                           –          –           –         –     82,341,000            NA    0.80-0.91
          Dr. Lyu Rong         December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years               2.50         2.82             – 27,447,000                                           –          –           –         –     27,447,000            NA    0.80-0.91
          Ms. Duan Hongmei December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years                   2.50         2.82             – 27,447,000                                           –          –           –         –     27,447,000            NA    0.80-0.91

          Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                                                                      N/A

          Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                                                   N/A

          Other employee participants
                                                                                                                                                      N/A

          Other related entity participants
                                                                                                                                                      N/A

          Other service providers
                                                                                                                                                      N/A

          Total                                                                                                                               –   139,635,000        –          –     300,000         –    139,335,000

          Notes:

          (1)        300,000 option awards granted to Ms. Hu Zhe lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2025 due to non-acceptance.

          (2)        The vesting schedule of the option awards will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
                     satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

          (3)        The purchase price for the option awards transferred or to be transferred to the 2025 Award Selected Participants
                     upon acceptance is nil.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                       Annual Report 2025
                                                                         Report of Directors



     The Scheme Mandate Limit was approved by Shareholders, and adopted by the Company, on December
     5, 2025 (the “Adoption Date”), pursuant to which the maximum number of Shares which may be issued
     and allotted in respect of all options and awards to be granted under the Relevant Share Schemes and
     all share options and share awards to be granted under any other share option schemes and/or share
     award schemes involving issuance of new Shares adopted and to be adopted by the Company from
     time to time would be 10% of the issued Shares as at the Adoption Date (i.e. 274,470,604 Shares).
     The number of restricted shares available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit was 64,567,411
     as of December 31, 2025.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company had repurchased a total of 39,662,000 Shares on the Stock
Exchange at an aggregate purchase price of approximately HK$99.88 million. The reason for conducting
the repurchase was to demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its own business outlook and prospects
as the Company believes that the then trading price of the Shares did not reflect their intrinsic value or the
actual prospects of the Company. As at the date of this annual report, all Shares repurchased during the
Reporting Period have been cancelled by the Company.

Details of the Shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out as follows:

                                                               Price per Share paid
                                     Number of
                                         Shares
                                repurchased on
                                      the Stock                                                  Aggregate
Month of repurchases                  Exchange               Highest             Lowest      purchase price
                                                               (HK$)               (HK$)        (HK$ million)


December 2025                         39,662,000                 2.57               2.43                 99.88


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period. As
of December 31, 2025, the Company held 13,000,000 treasury Shares as defined under the Listing Rules,
all of which have been cancelled as at the date of this annual report.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or their respective
associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   71
     Report of Directors



     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND ONE-OFF CONNECTED
     TRANSACTIONS
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group had entered into certain non-exempt continuing connected
     transactions and one-off connected transaction as set out below. For detailed terms of such non-exempt
     continuing connected transactions, please refer to the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the
     Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2021, April 12, 2022, July 13,
     2022, August 26, 2022, November 7, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively.

     Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
     1.   Contractual Arrangements
          As foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which the Group currently operates in is subject
          to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations as outlined below, the Company does not own
          100% equity interest in the VIE Entities. The Company has entered a series of contractual arrangements
          which apply to the (i) 10.00%, (ii) 29.90%, (iii) 30.00% and (iv) 100.00% equity interests in (a) Chengdu
          Xinan Clinic, (b) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (c) Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital and (d)
          Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively.

          a.    Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements
                The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Chengdu Xinan
                Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Xinan Clinic and
                Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements:


                                                       Sichuan Jinxin Fertility                                    Ms. Qian Minhui

                                        90 %
                                                                                       70%                            0.10 %

                                                                                              Shenzhen Zhongshan
                                      Chengdu Xinan Clinic
                                                                                                   Hospital



                                                                                     (2 )

                                                              10%
                                                                                     29.90%

                     Jinrun Fude Registered      100%
                                                                            Jinrun Fude
                          Shareholders(1)



                                           denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest

                                           denotes contractual relationships under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements

                                           denotes the equity interests controlled by the Group under the Xinan Clinic
                                           and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements


                                           denotes our VIE Entities




72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                       Report of Directors



Notes:

(1)   The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and 49%
      of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

(2)   The Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
      Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney, Xinan
      Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal
      relationship under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements.


A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please
refer to the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” of the Prospectus and the announcements
of the Company dated January 27, 2022 and April 13, 2022.

(1)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements
      The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
      Zhongshan Hospital have entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive
      Operation Services Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility on December 23, 2018, February
      2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, pursuant to which, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Jinrun Fude agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in
      exchange for a service fee.

      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements,
      the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and
      investment, (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources sharing and
      medical professionals training, (iii) human resources management, (iv) market research, (v)
      strategies for marketing and business expansion, (vi) supplier and inventory management,
      (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring, (viii) medical service quality
      control, (ix) internal management and (x) other services relating to management and operation
      of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin Fertility has proprietary rights
      to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance of these
      services. During the term of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation
      Services Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may use the intellectual property rights owned
      by Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital free of charge
      and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility from
      the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in accordance with the Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements.




                                                           Annual Report 2025     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   73
     Report of Directors



                      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements,
                      the service fee shall be an amount equal to 10% of the distributable net profit of Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and 29.90% of the distributable net profit of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital of a
                      given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial years (if any)
                      and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinrun Fude
                      and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable
                      costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
                      in connection with the performance of the 2019 Exclusive Operation Services Agreements
                      and provision of services. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the service fee in relation
                      to 10% of the distributable net profit of Chengdu Xinan Clinic is RMB4,281,000. In relation
                      to Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the service fee in relation to 29.90% of its distributable net
                      profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 is RMB31,412,000.

                (2)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Mr. Zeng Yong and
                      Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements.

                      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each
                      of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
                      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
                      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
                      interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s), (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably
                      and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC
                      laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s), (iii)
                      Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
                      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the
                      then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s),
                      (iv) Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally
                      grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to
                      elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of
                      the assets of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Jinrun
                      Fude from Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital themselves or through
                      their designated person(s),(v) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally
                      grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to
                      elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, 50% of all
                      or part of the assets of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Mr. Zeng Yong from
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital itself or through its designated person(s), Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility may appoint designated person(s) in its sole discretion when exercising its option.
                      The transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets shall be the minimum purchase
                      price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun
                      Fude, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital will undertake that he/she/
                      it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in relation to
                      such transfer of equity interests or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.




74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Report of Directors



(3)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility, Jinrun Fude and the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu Xinan Clinic
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreement and the 2019 Powers of Attorney executed by
      the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude in favor of Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      (the “Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Attorney”).

      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
      Agreements and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney, (i) the Jinrun
      Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its
      rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable) and (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably
      agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder of
      Chengdu Xinan Clinic with 10% equity interests and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with 29.90%
      equity interests. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms of the
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney will give the Company control over
      all corporate decisions of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, 100%
      equity interests of Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic, and 99.90% equity interests of
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

(4)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Jinrun Fude,
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu Xinan Clinic
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity
      Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of their
      respective equity interests in Jinrun Fude and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees to pledge all of its equity
      interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      to secure performance of all their obligations and the obligations of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive
      Option Agreements, the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney and the
      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Xinan Clinic
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   Spouse Undertakings
      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders (as applicable) has signed
      an spouse undertakings to the effect that (i) the respective interests of the Jinrun Fude
      Registered Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do not fall
      within the scope of joint possession, and (ii) each of the spouses has no right to or control
      over such interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                       Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Report of Directors



          b.    2022 Contractual Arrangements
                The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
                Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                             (1)
                                             Jinyi Hongkang(2)                              WFOE

                                                               100%
                                                      Jinxin Medical
                                                        Investment

                                 1 0%                          90%
                                            Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital

                                          Sichuan Jinxin        Sichuan Jinxin
                                          Xinan Hospital        Xinan Hospital
                                        (Bisheng Campus)      (Jingxiu Campus)

                                              denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest
                                              denotes contractual relationships under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements


                Notes:

                (1)   The 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, 2022 Powers of
                      Attorney, 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal relationship under
                      the 2022 contractual Arrangements.

                (2)   Jinyi Hongkang is owned by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Dr. Lyu Rong and Mr. Xu Jun, as
                      to 51% and 49%, respectively.


                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the 2022 Contractual Arrangements is
                set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please refer to the Company’s announcement
                dated November 7, 2022.




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   Report of Directors



(1)   2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital entered into the 2022 Exclusive Operation
      Services Agreement with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin
      Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management, pursuant to which, Sichuan
      Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinyi Hongkang each agreed to engage
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting
      services and other services in exchange for a service fee.

      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the services to be provided include
      but are not limited to (i) business, financing and investment; (ii) medical technology related
      consultation, medical resources sharing and medical professionals training; (iii) human resources
      management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion; (vi)
      supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation `and marketing strategy formulation and
      monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix) internal management; and (x) other services
      relating to management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed
      or created by itself from the performance of these services. During the term of the 2022
      Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management may use the
      intellectual property rights owned by Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan
      Jinxin Xinan Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical
      Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital may also use the intellectual property work
      created by Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin
      Medical Management in accordance with the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement.

      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the service fee shall be an amount
      equal to 100% of the distributable net profit of each Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital of a given
      audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial years (if any) and
      any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinyi Hongkang,
      Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable
      costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Medical
      Management in connection with the performance of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreement and provision of services. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the service
      fee in relation to 100% of the distributable net profit of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital is
      RMB374,790,000.

      In addition, absence of a prior written consent of Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management, during
      the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
      Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
      shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services provided by any third
      party and shall not establish similar cooperation relationships with any third party. Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management has the right to appoint any third party to provide any or all of the
      services, or to fulfill its obligations under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement.




                                                        Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Report of Directors



                (2)   2022 Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
                      Exclusive Option Agreements with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang,
                      Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.

                      Pursuant to the 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                      Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin
                      Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to purchase at
                      any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interest
                      in Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably
                      and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which
                      entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted
                      by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinyi Hongkang itself or through
                      its designated person(s); (iii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably and
                      unconditionally grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the
                      then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
                      from Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment itself or through its designated person(s);
                      and (iv) Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option
                      to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to
                      elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of
                      the assets of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital attributable to Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical
                      Investment from Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital itself or through its designated person(s).
                      The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets shall be the minimum purchase
                      price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
                      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital will undertake
                      that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in
                      relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management.

                (3)   2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and 2022 Powers of Attorney
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
                      Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders and
                      the 2022 Powers of Attorney executed by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
                      Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment in favor of Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
                      (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin Medical
                      Management (the “2022 Attorney”).




78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 Report of Directors



      Pursuant to the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of
      Attorney, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the
      2022 Attorney to exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinyi Hongkang
      (as applicable); and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably agree
      to authorize the 2022 Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder in
      Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital with 100% equity interest, including the rights to vote in a
      shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file documents with the relevant companies registry.
      As Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms of the
      2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of Attorney will
      give the Company control over all corporate decisions in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital and
      100% effective shareholding interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.

(4)   2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
      Equity Pledge Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
      Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment. Pursuant to the 2022 Equity
      Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of
      their respective equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang; and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical
      Investment agree to pledge all of its equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital to
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to secure performance of all their obligations and the
      obligations in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital under the 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements,
      the 2022 Powers of Attorney and the 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the 2022
      New Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   2022 Spouse Undertakings
      The spouses of each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders will sign an undertaking
      to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders in
      Jinyi Hongkang (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the scope of joint
      possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such interests of the
      respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                      Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Report of Directors



          c.    Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements
                The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Jiuzhou Hospital and
                Hewanjia Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                Contractual Arrangements:

                         Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                 Hewanjia Hospital

                                                                               Independent Third                                                               Independent Third
                             Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (3)                            Party                    Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (3)                           Party
                                                            89.7959%                    10.2041%                                             89.7959%                   10.2041%
                                          100%                                                                              100%

                                          Kangzhi Hospital                                                                  Kangzhi Hospital
                                             Company                       Guangzhou Yunzhicai                                 Company                       Guangzhou Hejia
                                                   35.70%                      34.30%                                                35.70%                    34.30%


                                                        Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                 Hewanjia Hospital


                                                  (2)                                                                              (2)

                                                                   30%                                                                              30%
                 Jinrun Fude Registered                                                            Jinrun Fude Registered
                                                             Jinrun Fude                                                                      Jinrun Fude
                       Shareholders (1)     100%                                                         Shareholders (1)     100%




                                                                                                           denotes direct legal and beneficiary
                                                                                                           ownership in the equity interest


                                                                                                          denotes contractual relationships under
                                                                                                          the contractual arrangements


                                                                                                          denotes the equity interests controlled
                                                                                                          by the Group under the contractual
                                                                                                          arrangements


                Notes:

                1)     The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and 49%
                       of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

                2)     The Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operations Service Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                       Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney,
                       Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreement and Spouse Undertaking together form the
                       legal relationship under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements.

                3)     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may hold the equity rights in Kangzhi Hospital Company directly and/or indirectly through
                       its subsidiaries or entities controlled by it.


                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                Hospital Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please
                refer to the Company’s announcement dated July 13, 2022.




80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Report of Directors



(1)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively, entered
      into an exclusive operation services agreement with the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders,
      Jinrun Fude and Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Exclusive Operation Services Agreements”), pursuant to which, Jiuzhou Hospital, Hewanjia
      Hospital and Jinrun Fude each agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive
      provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange for a service
      fee.

      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements,
      the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and
      investment; (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources sharing and medical
      professionals training; (iii) human resources management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies
      for marketing and business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation
      and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix)
      internal management; and (x) other services relating to management and operation of medical
      institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin Fertility has proprietary rights to all the
      intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance of these services.
      During the term of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service
      Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun
      Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital free of charge and without any conditions.
      Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital may also use the intellectual property
      work created by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      in accordance with the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service
      Agreements.

      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements,
      the service fee shall be an amount equal to 30.00% of the distributable net profit of each
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses
      from the previous financial years (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart
      from the service fees, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital shall reimburse
      all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements and provision of services. For the year
      ended December 31, 2024, the service fee in relation to 30% of the distributable net profit
      of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital is RMB2,575,000.




                                                       Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   81
     Report of Directors



                (2)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively, entered
                      into exclusive option agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive
                      Option Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders
                      and Jinrun Fude.

                      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
                      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an
                      exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to
                      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of
                      the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinrun Fude
                      irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which
                      entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then
                      applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated
                      person(s); (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when
                      permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interest in Jiuzhou
                      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s);
                      and (iv) each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grants
                      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
                      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
                      assets of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital attributable to Jinrun Fude from Jiuzhou
                      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital itself or through its designated person(s). The transfer price
                      of the relevant equity interest and assets shall be the minimum purchase price permitted
                      under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou
                      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital will undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC
                      laws, return in full the consideration received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or
                      assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

                (3)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
                      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively, entered
                      into the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                      Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility,
                      Jinrun Fude and/or the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and the powers of attorney
                      executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude (the “Jiuzhou Hospital
                      and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney”) in favor of Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (and its
                      successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the
                      “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Attorney”).




82   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 Report of Directors



      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
      Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney, (i) the
      Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to exercise
      all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable); and (ii) Jinrun
      Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a
      shareholder in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital with 30.00% equity interest,
      including the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file documents with
      the relevant companies registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary of the Company,
      the terms of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
      Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney will give the
      Company control over all corporate decisions in each of the Target Hospitals and 96.50%
      effective shareholding interest in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital.

(4)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively, entered
      into the equity pledge agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity
      Pledge Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders
      and Jinrun Fude. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity interest in Jinrun Fude; and (ii)
      Jinrun Fude agrees to pledge all of its equity interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their obligations and the obligations
      in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of
      Attorney and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements underlying
      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Spouse Undertaking
      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders has signed an undertaking
      to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders in
      Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the scope of joint
      possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such interests of the
      respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                      Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   83
     Report of Directors



     The Foreign Investment Law
     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外商投資法》) (the “FIL”), which was adopted at
     the Second Session of the Thirteenth National People’s Congress of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and came
     into force as of January 1, 2020, which has replaced the law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures (《中外
     合資經營企業法》), the law on Sino-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures (《中外合作經營企業法》) and the law
     on Foreign Capital Enterprises (《外資企業法》) to become the legal foundation for foreign Investment in the
     PRC. The FIL stipulates three forms of foreign investment, but does not explicitly stipulate the contractual
     arrangements as a form of foreign investment.

     Conducting operations through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based companies,
     and has been adopted by our Company in the form of the Contractual Arrangements, to establish control of
     our VIE Entities, through which we operate our business in the PRC. As advised by the PRC Legal Advisors,
     since the definition of “actual control” and “variable interest entities” are not explicitly provided in the FIL,
     nor does it explicitly stipulate that obtaining control over or holding interests in domestic enterprises through
     contractual arrangements is a form of foreign investment, if after the current FIL comes into effect, none of
     the laws, regulations, rules, normative documents or regulatory practice explicitly stipulate that contractual
     arrangements as a form of foreign investment, then the possibility that the legal effectiveness of the Contractual
     Arrangements become materially adversely affected due to violation of the entry requirements under the FIL
     is relatively low.

     Notwithstanding the above, the FIL stipulates that foreign investment includes “Foreign Investors, directly or
     indirectly, invest in China through many other methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions
     prescribed by the State Council”. There are possibilities that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions
     prescribed by the State Council may regard Contractual Arrangements as a form of foreign investment, at
     which time it will be uncertain whether the Contractual Arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of
     the foreign investment access requirements and how the abovementioned Contractual Arrangements will be
     handled. Therefore, there is no guarantee that the Contractual Arrangements and the business of the VIE
     Entities will not be materially and adversely affected in the future due to changes in PRC laws and regulations.
     In the event that such measures are not complied with, the Stock Exchange may take enforcement actions
     against the Company which may have a material adverse effect on the trading of the Shares.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/or
     reproduced between the Group and Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and/or the VIE Entities during the Reporting
     Period. There was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under
     which they were adopted during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that
     none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed. As
     at December 31, 2025, the Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any PRC
     governing bodies in operating its businesses through its VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.




84   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         Report of Directors



Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements
The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of ARS at its medical institutions in China. According to
the applicable Catalogue and relevant treaties between China and Hong Kong, medical institutions fall within
the “restricted” investment category, and therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments. Foreign
investments are also restricted to the form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint venture,
except for investments by qualified service providers as defined under Notice of Expanding the Territorial
Scope for Hong Kong and Macao Service Suppliers to Establish Wholly-Owned Hospitals in the Mainland
(關於擴大香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院地域範圍的通知), the Mainland and Hong Kong Closer
Economic Partnership Arrangement and its supplemental Agreements (內地與香港關於建立更緊密經貿關係
的安排及其補充協議), Interim Measures for the Administration of Hong Kong and Macao Service Providers’
Establishment of Sole Proprietorship Hospitals in the Mainland (香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院
管理暫行辦法), and Notice Concerning Establishment of Medical Institutions in the Mainland by Hong Kong
and Macao Service Providers (關於香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立醫療機構有關問題的通知). Furthermore,
as advised by the PRC Legal Advisors, the Company, as a foreign entity, shall not hold more than 90.00%,
70.00% and 70.00% of the equity interests in any medical institution in Chengdu, Shenzhen and Kunming,
respectively, and not hold any equity interest in medical institutions offering Genetics Molecular Services in
the PRC (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”). As such, the Company, through Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and
Jinxin Medical Investment, currently holds 90.00%, 70.00%, 66.50% and nil equity interests in (i) Chengdu
Xinan Clinic, (ii) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital (iii) Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital and (iv) Sichuan
Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively. Jinrun Fude holds 10.00% equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic, 29.90%
in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and 30.00% equity interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital. Ms.
Qian Minhui holds the remaining 0.1% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. Jinyi Hongkang
holds 100% equity interests in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital. For details, please refer to the section headed
“Regulatory Overview — Relevant Regulations on Foreign Investment in China” of the Prospectus.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   85
     Report of Directors



     Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements
     There are the certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

     •     If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory
           restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
           of existing regulations change in the future, the Group could be subject to severe penalties or be forced
           to relinquish the Group’s interests in those operations.

     •     The Contractual Arrangements may result in adverse tax consequences to the Group.

     •     The shareholders of the Company’s VIE Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with the Group,
           which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition.

     •     The PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies
           and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent the Company from using the
           proceeds of this offering to make loans to its PRC subsidiaries, or to make additional capital contributions
           to its PRC subsidiaries.

     •     If the Group exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of Jinrun Fude and/or Jinyi Hongkang, the
           ownership transfer may subject the Group to certain limitations and substantial costs.

     •     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct
           ownership. Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinyi Hongkang
           Registered Shareholders may fail to perform their obligations under the New Contractual Arrangements.

     For details, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure”
     of the Prospectus and the section headed “Risks Relating to the New Contractual Arrangements” in the
     Company’s announcement dated November 26, 2021.

     Compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the
     implementation and compliance of the Contractual Arrangements:

     (a)   major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements or
           any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if necessary, for
           review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (b)   the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements at
           least once a year;

     (c)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
           in its annual reports and interim reports to update the Shareholders and potential investors; and

     (d)   the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist
           the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the legal compliance of
           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, Jinxin Medical Investment, Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and the VIE Entities to
           deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.




86   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         Report of Directors



Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the Contractual
Arrangements
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, a non-executive Director and Dr. Lyu Rong, an executive Director, are connected persons
of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
the Listing Rules.

In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict compliance
with (i) the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements pursuant
to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under
the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules and (iii) the requirement of limiting the
term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so
long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

(c)   The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the economic benefits
      derived from the VIE Entities;

(d)   The Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduce (i) upon expiry or (ii) in relation to any
      existing, newly established or acquired wholly foreign-owned enterprise or operating company (including
      a branch company), engaging in the same business as that of the Group, without obtaining Shareholders’
      approval, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Contractual Arrangements; and

(e)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

As long as the Contractual Arrangements subsist, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang will be treated as our
subsidiary and the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang
and their respective associates will be treated as connected persons of our Company (excluding for this
purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), and transactions between these connected persons and the
Group (including for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), other than those under the Contractual
Arrangements, will be subject to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   87
     Report of Directors



     Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditor
     The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the overall
     performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements, confirmed that:

     (a)   the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance with the
           relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

     (b)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the VIE Entities to the holders of its equity
           interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group;

     (c)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang to
           the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
           Group; and

     (d)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the VIE Entities during
           the Reporting Period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far the Group
           is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     Further, each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang has undertaken that, for so long as the Shares are listed
     on the Stock Exchange, they will provide the Group’s management and the Company’s auditor full access to
     its relevant records for the purpose of their review of the continuing connected transactions under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules.

     2.    MSA and Ancillary Arrangements
           On January 22, 2019, HRC Management entered into the HRC MSA together with the Ancillary
           Agreements (as defined below) with HRC Medical, pursuant to which HRC Medical engages HRC
           Management as its provider of certain management services, including but without limitation, office
           space, equipment, personnel, book-keeping, accounting services, information technology and network
           services, records maintenance, billing and collection activities and other non-medical services necessary
           to operate the medical practice of HRC Medical. The HRC MSA has been effective from January 1,
           2019 for an initial term of 20 years, and such term shall be automatically extended for one additional
           year upon each anniversary, until and unless the HRC MSA is terminated in accordance with its terms.

           Apart from the HRC MSA, HRC Management and HRC Medical entered into a consulting agreement on
           January 22, 2019 with three Physician Shareholders (the “Consulting Agreement”) pursuant to which
           HRC Management will appoint such Physician Shareholders to assist HRC Management with physician
           management activities for an initial term of two years and will be automatically renewed upon its expiry
           subject to negotiation among the parties, and that such Physician Shareholders will each provide to
           HRC Management strategic advice regarding the operations, staffing, budget and capital improvement
           planning for HRC Management. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the service fee payable by
           HRC Medical under the HRC MSA and the consulting fee payable to the Physician Shareholders under
           the Consulting Agreement is US$60,232,000 and US$1,000 per Physician Shareholders, respectively.




88   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         Report of Directors



      HRC Management also entered into an amended and restated succession and indemnification agreements
      with each Physician Shareholder dated January 22, 2019 (the “Succession and Indemnification
      Agreement”, together with the HRC MSA and Consulting Agreement, the “HRC MSA and Ancillary
      Agreements”). Under each Succession and Indemnification Agreement, the Physician Shareholder
      may be required to transfer his or her share of common stock of HRC Medical upon the occurrence of
      a succession event stated below to maintain an orderly transition of ownership and management. For
      details, please refer to the section headed “Business — Our Management Agreements — Management
      Services Agreement” of the Prospectus.

Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the MSA and
Ancillary Agreements
HRC Medical is jointly-owned by Dr. Bradford A. Kolb (33.3%), Dr. Robert Boostanfar (33.3%) and Dr. John G.
Wilcox (33.3%). Pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, HRC Medical is an associate of the Physician
Shareholders, which are the substantial shareholders of the Company and thereby a connected person of
the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements
constitutes continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

In consideration of the importance of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements to the Company’s business
and operations and the significant revenue contribution to the Group, the Directors (including the independent
non-executive Directors) are of the view that the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements and the transactions
contemplated thereunder (including the term thereof) are fundamental to the legal structure and business
of the Group which allow us to enjoy the economic benefits derived from HRC Medical, while preventing
possible leakages of assets and values of HRC Medical on an uninterrupted basis, and that such transactions
have been, and will be, entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, on normal
commercial terms or better and fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders
as a whole.

In respect of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the HRC MSA and
Ancillary Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an annual
cap for the transactions under the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
Rules; and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements to three years
or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange
subject however to the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change or waiver of management service fee without the independent non-executive
      Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change to the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements without the independent Shareholders’
      approval;

(c)   The Company shall comply with the requirements under Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
      if it makes any principal advances to HRC Medical pursuant to the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements;




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   89
     Report of Directors



     (d)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall continue to enable the Group to receive a substantial
           portion of the economic benefits derived by HRC Medical through the business structure under which
           a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be paid to the Group as management
           service fees, subject to review by the Company and HRC Medical on an annual basis to ensure that
           the total compensation paid to HRC Management shall be commensurate with the fair market value for
           the services rendered;

     (e)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall automatically be extended one additional year upon
           each anniversary in accordance with the terms thereof until and unless the HRC MSA is terminated
           in accordance with its terms, subject to compliance with California law and federal law of the United
           States; and

     (f)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements on an ongoing
           basis.

     Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditors
     The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the HRC MSA
     and Ancillary Agreements, confirmed that:

     (a)   The transactions carried out during the year ended December 31, 2025 have been entered into in
           accordance with the relevant provisions of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements, and have been
           operated in a manner so that a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be payable
           to HRC Management as management service fee, subject to review by the Company and HRC Medical
           and approval by the independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis, plus a discretionary bonus
           incentive;

     (b)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2025 were carried on
           in the ordinary course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and
           reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; and

     (c)   The management fee received by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 had been duly
           reviewed and approved by the Board (including the independent non-executive Directors).




90   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         Report of Directors



Annual Review and Confirmation by the Auditor of the Company
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised),
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference
to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has
issued its unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions for the year ended December 31, 2025 in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A
copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided to the Board of Directors.

Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions as disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial
statements do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, and except the continuing connected transactions and connected
transaction that were granted full exemptions on the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
by the Stock Exchange, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which
are required to be disclosed by the Company during the Reporting Period in accordance with the provisions
concerning the disclosure of connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In respect of
the connected transaction and the continuing connected transactions entered into by the Company during
the year of 2025, the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules (as amended from time to time).

DONATIONS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made no charitable donations.

SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of
material importance and no litigation or claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be pending
or threatening against the Company.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles of Association, every Director or other officers of the Company acting in relation to any
of the affairs of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which he or she may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his or her duties
in his or her office; be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company; provided that
this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors and
officers.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   91
     Report of Directors



     POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material post
     balance sheet events.

     AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
     The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company had jointly reviewed with the management
     the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and discussed internal control and financial
     reporting matters (including the review of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
     year ended December 31, 2025).

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information
     on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance
     Report on pages 93 to 110 of this annual report.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at least
     25% of the total issued Shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by the Stock
     Exchange and permitted under the Listing Rules, was held by the public at all times during the Reporting
     Period and as of the date of this annual report.

     AUDITOR
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended December 31,
     2025. The accompanying financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs have been audited by
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

     There was no change in the auditor of the Company since the Listing Date.

     On behalf of the Board




     Zhong Yong
     Chairman and Non-Executive Director

     Hong Kong, March 26, 2026




92   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests
of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG
Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The Company
has complied with all applicable code provisions and principles under the CG Code during the year ended
December 31, 2025 to enable the Shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate governance
have been applied.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.

THE BOARD
Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions
and monitoring business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee
particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board committees including
the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Strategic Decisions Committee and the Medical Quality Control and R&D Committee (together, the “Board
Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their
respective terms of reference.

All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and
advice from the senior management of the Group. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties
to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly
reviews the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors.
The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   93
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Composition
     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises following Directors:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. John G. Wilcox (resigned on August 27, 2025)
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer)
     Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Geng Lihong

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (re-designated as a non-executive Director on March 28, 2025)
     Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)
     Ms. Hu Zhe
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
     Mr. Chen Shuyun (appointed on September 25, 2025)

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung
     Dr. Li Jianwei
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo
     Mr. Ye Changqing

     Mr. Chen Shuyun, who has been appointed as a non-executive Director during the Reporting Period, has
     obtained legal advice on Hong Kong law as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable
     to him as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving
     false information to the Stock Exchange on September 25, 2025, and he has confirmed he understood his
     obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
     of this annual report.

     Save as disclosed in the Directors’ biographies set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report, none of the Directors have any personal relationship (including financial,
     business, family or other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director and chief executive.

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board has at all times met the requirements under Rules
     3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-
     executive directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional
     qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing
     Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of
     the Board.

     As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule
     3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent parties.



94   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Corporate Governance Report



As part of our corporate governance practice to provide transparency to the investor community and in
compliance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code, independent non-executive Directors are identified as
such in all corporate communications containing the names of the Directors. In addition, an updated list of
Directors identifying the independent non-executive Directors and the roles and functions of the directors is
maintained on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.

Board Independence
During the Reporting Period, the Company has in place various measures and mechanisms underpinning a
strong independent Board and that independent views and input are conveyed to the Board. The measures
and mechanisms are kept under annual review to ensure their effectiveness and to uphold good corporate
governance. The Board reviewed and considered that such mechanisms were properly implemented during
2024 and were effective, they are as follows:

•    Board and Committees’ structure. The Company has been steered by a Board, comprising a majority
     of non-executive Directors. The Board comprises 11 members, with a majority of non-executive Directors
     and independent non-executive Directors. There are 3 executive Directors, including the Chief Executive
     Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer and
     Co-Chief Executive Officer is the executive Directors on the Board, and 8 Directors are non-executive
     Directors or independent non-executive Directors. Separation of the role of the Chairman and the Chief
     Executive Officer ensures that there is a balance of power and authority. Members of all governance
     related committees are non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors.

•    Appointment of Directors. In assessing suitability of the candidates, the Nomination Committee will
     review their character and integrity; qualifications including professional experience, skills and knowledge;
     diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background;
     having regard to the Board’s composition, the selection criteria approved by the Board, the nomination
     policy and the board diversity policy.

•    Annual review of Directors’ commitment and independence. The Nomination Committee reviews
     annually each Director’s time commitment to the Group’s business. Each independent non-executive
     Director is required to inform the Stock Exchange as soon as practicable if there is any change in his
     or her personal particulars that may affect his or her independence. No such notification was received
     during the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company has received written annual confirmation from
     each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with
     the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that
     all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

•    Conflict management. A Director who has a material interest in any transaction, contract or arrangement
     shall not vote (nor shall be counted in the quorum) on any Board resolution approving the same.

•    Professional advice. To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors have full and timely
     access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional
     advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expenses.

•    Board evaluation. The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed during
     the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   95
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the
     objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness
     of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve diversity of the Board
     through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board, including but
     not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education background,
     ethnicity and length of service.

     The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic development,
     business development, sales, research and development, medical research, investment management, finance,
     risk management, science, medical and the ARS industry. They obtained degrees in various areas including
     economics, business administration, medicine, law, bioengineering, international finance, management,
     computer science, literature and journalism. The age of the Directors ranges from 39 years old to 61 years old.

     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
     business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.
     Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit and Risk Management Committee,
     the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

     As at December 31, 2025, the Board was comprised of four female Directors and seven male Directors. The
     Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient. The Company will
     continue to devote efforts in integrating the principle of gender diversity into its recruitment processes and
     maintaining at least one-third of the Group’s management roles be held by women, with a view to create a
     promising career path for the Group’s outstanding female management personnel and to nurture potential
     female successors to the Board in the future.

     As at December 31, 2025, we had a total of 3,494 employees and the share of female employees (including
     senior management) and male employees at the Group is 83.5% and 16.5%, respectively. Accordingly, the
     Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce in a satisfactory manner.

     The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the
     Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued effectiveness.




96   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out an approach to guide the Nomination Committee
in relation to the selection, appointment and re-appointment of the Directors and ensures that the Board
has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
of the Company’s business. The nomination policy sets out the criteria for the selection of a candidate,
including but not limited to skills, qualifications and experiences, independence from the Company and its
subsidiaries, reputation and integrity.

The nomination policy also sets out criteria for the evaluation and recommendation to the Board on the re-
appointment of retiring Director(s), the position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors, and the process
and procedures for the nomination of Directors. After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment
of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors, the chairman of the Nomination Committee will
convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due diligence. Upon review by and approval
from the Nomination Committee, the Company will convene a Board meeting where recommendations will be
made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and approved by the Board, the proposed
retiring directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

The Nomination Committee will review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

Induction and Continuous Professional Development
Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction information to ensure that he/she has
a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities
under relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide
Directors with updates on the latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal
and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on
the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to
discharge their duties.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and provided
written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a Director.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   97
     Corporate Governance Report



     According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors
     during the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                      Nature of Continuous Professional
     Name of Directors                                                                        Development Programme (1)


     Executive Directors
     Mr. John G. Wilcox (resigned on August 27, 2025)                                                                         A&B
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and
      Acting Chief Financial Officer)                                                                                         A&B
     Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                                                                A&B
     Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                                                          A&B

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                                                A&B
     Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)                                                                            A&B
     Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                               A&B
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                                                         A&B
     Mr. Chen Shuyu (appointed on September 25, 2025)                                                                         A&B

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                                      A&B
     Dr. Li Jianwei                                                                                                           A&B
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                                          A&B
     Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                                         A&B

     Note:

     (1)     Nature of Continuous Professional Development Programme:

             A:   Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers

             B:   Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, listing rules and other
                  relevant ordinances


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
     separate and performed by different individuals.

     During the Reporting Period, the Chairman of the Board was Mr. Zhong Yong and the offices of the chief
     executive officers were separately co-held by Mr. Dong Yang and Dr. Lyu Rong with clear distinction in
     responsibilities with the Chairman. The Chairman of the Board is responsible for providing strategic advice
     and guidance on the business development of the Group, while the chief executive officers of the Group are
     responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group.




98   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Corporate Governance Report



Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company. The appointments of the
executive Directors are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an appointment
letter with the Company for a term of one year with effect from their respective date of appointment. The
appointments of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are subject to the provisions
of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles
of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition and making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession planning for
Directors.

Board Meetings
The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings
to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known
to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries with
copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.

Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the
matters considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are
sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.
Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   99
      Corporate Governance Report



      During the Reporting Period, four Board meetings and two general meetings were held, the attendance of
      each Director at the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out in the table below:

                                                                      Attended/Eligible     Attended/Eligible
                                                                          to attend the         to attend the
      Directors                                                       Board meeting(s)       general meeting


      Executive Directors
      Dr. John G. Wilcox (resigned on August 27, 2025)                               3/4                   1/2
      Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and
       Acting Chief Financial Officer)                                               4/4                   2/2
      Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                      4/4                   2/2
      Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                4/4                   2/2

      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)(re-designated as a non-executive
       Director on March 28, 2025)                                                   4/4                   2/2
      Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)                                  3/4                   1/2
      Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                     4/4                   2/2
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                               4/4                   2/2
      Mr. Chen Shuyun (appointed on September 25, 2025)                              1/4                   1/2

      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                            4/4                   2/2
      Dr. Li Jianwei                                                                 4/4                   2/2
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                4/4                   2/2
      Mr. Ye Changqing                                                               4/4                   2/2

      Model Code for Securities Transactions
      The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
      Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

      Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed
      that they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

      The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the
      Company, are subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the employees
      was noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




100   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



Delegation by the Board
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring of
all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material
transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of
Directors and other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could request to seek independent
professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged to access and
to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management.
The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be
obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the management.

Corporate Governance Function
The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which
includes but not limited to the following:

1.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management;

3.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
     and Directors;

4.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters;

5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
     report; and

6.   to review and monitor the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy.

BOARD COMMITTEES
Audit and Risk Management Committee
During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprises five members and is
chaired by an independent non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two independent
non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive Directors, Mr.
Chen Shuyun and Ms. Hu Zhe.

The principal duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include the following:

1.   reviewing the relationship with the Company’s auditor by reference to the work performed by them, their
     remuneration and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
     re-appointment and removal of the Company’s auditor;




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   101
      Corporate Governance Report



      2.   reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised
           by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance
           officer or the Company’s auditor before submission to the Board; and

      3.   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, risk management and
           internal control systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
           qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and
           financial reporting function.

      The written terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are available on the websites
      of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, three meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
      were held to discuss and consider the following matters:

      •    reviewed annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2025;

      •    reviewed interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30, 2025;
           and

      •    reviewed the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the adequacy
           of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
           accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function), risk management systems and processes
           and the re-appointment of the Company’s auditor, with respect to which the Board had not deviated
           from any recommendation given by the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the selection,
           appointment, resignation or dismissal of the Company’s auditor.

      Attendance of each Audit and Risk Management Committee member is set out in the table below:

      Directors                                                                    Attended/Eligible to attend


      Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                                                                             3/3
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                     3/3
      Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)                                                           3/3
      Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                              3/3
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                         3/3
      Mr. Chen Shuyun (appointed on September 25, 2025)                                                       0/3

      Nomination Committee
      During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprises four members and is chaired by an
      independent non-executive Director, Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and consists of two independent non-executive
      Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Ye Changqing, and an executive Director, Mr. Dong Yang.




102   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

1.   reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
     Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
     complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

2.   identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and senior management and selecting or
     making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships or
     senior management positions;

3.   assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

4.   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
     planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

5.   developing criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for
     directorship, including but not limited the balance of skills, knowledge and board experience, and in
     the light of this evaluation preparing a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
     appointment; and

6.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory rules
     of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience,
skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations
of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company.

During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to discuss and consider
the following matter:

•    considered the globalized recruitment and training mechanism of the Group;

•    confirmed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

•    considered the nomination of Directors for election at the AGM.

Attendance of each Nomination Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                      Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Wang Xiaobo (Chairman)                                                                                   1/1
Dr. Lyu Rong                                                                                                 1/1
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                          1/1
Dr. John G. Wilcox (resigned on August 27, 2025)                                                             1/1
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                             1/1


                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   103
      Corporate Governance Report



      Remuneration Committee
      The Remuneration Committee comprises five members and is chaired by an independent non-executive
      Director, Dr. Chong Yat Keung, and consists of another two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Wang
      Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, one executive Director, Mr. Dong Yang and one non-executive Director, Mr.
      Chen Shuyun.

      The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

      1.   making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
           senior management’s remuneration;

      2.   reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
           corporate goals and objectives;

      3.   either (i) determining, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual executive
           Directors and senior management; or (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration
           packages of individual executive Directors and senior management;

      4.   making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

      5.   considering salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment
           conditions elsewhere in the Group;

      6.   reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules;
           and

      7.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory rules
           of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

      The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
      Exchange and the Company.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held to
      discuss and consider the following matter:

      •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the adoption of the 2025 Share
           Scheme and the grant of restricted Shares to the grantees pursuant to the 2025 Share Scheme as part
           of remuneration package; and

      •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors
           and senior management of the Company for the year 2025.




104   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                        Corporate Governance Report



In particular, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that the grant of the restricted Shares pursuant to
the 2025 Share Scheme to the grantees is in line with the Company’s remuneration policy, as they serve
as discretionary bonus and form part of the remuneration package of the grantees in recognition of their
invaluable and substantial contributions to the Group. The number of the restricted Shares being granted
to the grantees is derived based on the commercial assessment of the Board having taken into account a
number of factors, including, without limitation, their roles and responsibilities, seniority, expertise, experience,
historical and expected contributions to the Group as well as the overall business development and strategies
of the Group and its relevant hospitals.

There are no performance targets attached to the options and the restricted Shares granted to the non-
executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors (the “Non-Executive Grantees”) under the
2025 Share Scheme. Having considered that the main duties of the Non-executive Grantees include providing
independent guidance and judgment and reviewing major decisions made by the Board, the Remuneration
Committee is of the view that in order to preserve their objectivity and independence, the conditional grant of
the options and the restricted Shares under the 2025 Share Scheme to the Non-executive Grantees without
performance target is consistent with market expectation and the Company’s remuneration policy, while it
also aligns with the purposes of the share schemes of the Company.

Attendance of each Remuneration Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                          Attended/Eligible to attend


Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                                                                                   2/2
Mr. Dong Yang                                                                                                    2/2
Mr. Fang Min (resigned on September 25, 2025)                                                                    2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                                  2/2
Mr. Chen Shuyun (appointed on September 25, 2025)                                                                0/2

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the senior management of the Company (other than
the Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2025, are set out below:

Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                                    Number of persons


5,000,001–10,000,000                                                                                                0
1,000,001–5,000,000                                                                                                 2
0–1,000,000                                                                                                         0


Total                                                                                                               2




                                                                   Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   105
      Corporate Governance Report



      The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
      Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
      Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the
      Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution
      of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries, allowances,
      benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The remuneration policy for
      non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that non-executive Directors
      and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated
      to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non-
      executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is
      determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior
      management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

      For additional information on the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2025, please
      refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

      DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT OF
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended
      December 31, 2025 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
      Group’s results and cash flows.

      The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
      the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the
      Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s
      performance, positions and prospects.

      The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
      significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

      The statement by the Company’s auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated
      financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 111 to 115
      of this annual report.




106   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control
system to safeguard shareholder investments and the Company’s assets and reviewing the effectiveness of
such system on an annual basis. The risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and
not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

•    well-defined organizational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting
     lines and responsibilities to minimize risk of errors and abuse;

•    clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major
     functions and operations;

•    adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such
     as company code of conduct, anti-corruption and whistleblowing, policies of protection of intellectual
     property, environmental protection, legal and compliance, pharmacovigilance, product quality and safety,
     and occupational health and safety, etc;

•    a sound risk management procedure, requiring all relevant departments to accurately identify, carefully
     assess, dynamically monitor and timely respond to risks within the scope of their duties, and perform
     their responsibility of risk control;

•    important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained
     staff;

•    continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date
     business and financial reporting, and taking immediate corrective actions where necessary; and

•    internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

The Group’s internal audit department plays a major role in monitoring the internal governance of the Company.
The major tasks of the internal audit department are reviewing the financial condition and internal control
of the Company and conducting comprehensive audits of all branches and subsidiaries of the Company on
a regular basis. The review covers all material controls including financial, operational, compliance controls
and risk management. Apart from regular reporting, any urgent matters in relation to the relevant areas of
internal control will be reported in a timely manner. Review results and recommendations in the form of
written reports are submitted to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for discussion and review. Follow
up actions will be taken up by the internal audit department to ensure that material weaknesses previously
identified have been properly resolved.

The Group has established rules regulating information disclosures which stipulates the handling and disclosure
procedures of inside information. The Group uses annual reports, interim reports, and results announcements
and other announcements as required by the Listing Rules to disclose information to investors and the public
to ensure timely disclosure of information in accordance with the Listing Rules and SFO. The Group strictly
prohibits unauthorized use or dissemination of confidential or inside information.



                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   107
      Corporate Governance Report



      During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management
      and internal control systems of the Group and considered the risk management and internal control systems
      to be effective and adequate. The Board also believes that the Company has sufficient resources, staff
      qualifications and experience, training programme and budget of accounting, internal audit and financial
      reporting functions, as well as those relating to the ESG performance and reporting. The Group continuously
      reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems, and adopted measures and
      procedures in various aspects, such as fund management, budget management, and market activities, to
      strengthen the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems.

      During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the internal control
      system of the Group and considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate.

      AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
      The remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor to the Group for
      the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately as follows:

      Type of Services                                                                                  Amount
                                                                                                         (RMB)


      Audit services                                                                                  4,367,000
      Non-audit services                                                                                566,000


      Total                                                                                           4,933,000


      COMPANY SECRETARY
      Ms. Zhai Yangyang (“Ms. Zhai”) tendered resignation as a joint company secretary of the Company, and
      Ms. Ng Sau Mei (“Ms. Ng”) tendered resignation as a joint company secretary of the Company and as an
      authorized representative of the Company (“Authorized Representative”) under Rule 3.05 of the Listing
      Rules, both with effect from October 31, 2025. Ms. Zhai resigned due to her pursuit of personal career
      development while Ms. Ng resigned due to her other work arrangements.

      Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona (“Ms. Chung”) has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company
      and the Authorized Representative with effect from October 31, 2025. Ms. Chung is the director of company
      secretarial services department of TMF Hong Kong Limited, responsible for providing company secretarial
      and compliance services to clients. She has over 25 years of experience in the company secretarial field and
      possesses extensive knowledge and experience in corporate governance and compliance matters. She is an
      associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
      Institute in the United Kingdom.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, Ms. Chung has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
      professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




108   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers effective communication with the Shareholders to be essential for enhancing
investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable
Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

The AGM provides opportunity for the Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The Chairman
and the chairmen of the Board Committees of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer Shareholders’
questions. The Company’s auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about the conduct of the
audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website of the Company at www.jxr-fertility.com,
where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information,
corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’
communication policy, including the multiple communication channels for Shareholders in place and the steps
taken to handle Shareholders’ enquiries, and considered that the Shareholders’ communication policy has
been properly implemented and effective.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company adopted a dividend policy that sets out the principles and guidelines that the Company intends
to apply in relation to the declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision F.1.1 of the CG
Code that became effective starting from June 25, 2019 and amended on March 26, 2026.

Subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Articles of Association, the Board has absolute
discretion on whether to distribute dividends in any form but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended
by the Board. The dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on the Company’s financial and cash
flow position. It will continue to be reviewed by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance
that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

As of December 31, 2025, no arrangement was reached pursuant to which the Shareholders waived or
agreed to waive their dividends.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   109
      Corporate Governance Report



      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
      To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at
      general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

      All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll
      results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after
      each general meeting.

      Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
      Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company according
      to the Articles of Association. Any one or more members holding as of date of deposit of the requisition not
      less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings
      of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or any one of the joint
      company secretaries of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be
      called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall
      be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board
      fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical
      meeting at only one location as specified in the meeting notice, and all reasonable expenses incurred by
      the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the
      Company.

      As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of
      the Company.

      Enquiries to the Board
      Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries or requisitions about the Company to the Board could
      send their enquiries to the headquarters of the Company at No. 301, North Jingsha Road, Jinjiang District,
      Chengdu, Sichuan, China (email address: pr@jxr-fertility.com).

      CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
      On June 25, 2024, the Company adopted the fifth amended and restated Articles of Association in substitution
      for the then existing amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of association of the
      Company. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the fifth amended and restated memorandum and
      articles of association did not have any change.




110   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 116 to 240, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by
International Auditing and Assurance Standard Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
Standards) (the “IESBA Code”), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities.
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on the matter.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   111
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

       Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility Management, LLC

       We identified the impairment of goodwill and           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
       intangible assets, representing contractual right      goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility
       to provide management services and trademarks,         Management, LLC included:
       arising from the acquisition of HRC Fertility
       Management, LLC and its subsidiary, as a key           •   Understanding the Group’s process relating
       audit matter due to the significant management             to the preparation of cash flow forecasts and
       judgements involved in the impairment assessment           impairment assessment;
       and their significance to the consolidated financial
       statements as a whole.                                 •   Obtaining an understanding of the method used
                                                                  to establish the impairment assessment model
       Determining whether goodwill and these intangible          for the relevant CGU with the independent
       assets are impaired requires management’s                  valuer appointed by the Group and evaluating
       estimation when preparing the value in use of              the valuer’s competence, capabilities and
       the relevant cash generating unit (“CGU”) to               objectivity;
       which they have been allocated. The Group’s
       management, with the support of an independent         •   Leveraging internal valuation expert to assess the
       valuer, establishes the impairment assessment              appropriateness of the impairment assessment
       model and prepares a value-in-use calculation to           model and the discount rate adopted by
       estimate the future cash flows which is discounted         benchmarking the discount rate against market
       in its present value taking into account key               data of comparable entities;
       assumptions, including growth rates of revenue,
       gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate.           •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
                                                                  assumptions, by comparing the growth rates of
       Goodwill related to HRC Fertility Management,              revenue with market data and economic growth
       LLC amounting to RMB631,594,000 has been                   trends and comparing the gross margin rate of
       fully impaired and impairment amounting to                 the relevant CGU with the Group’s historical
       RMB320,819,000 has been allocated pro rata                 performance and business expansion plans; and
       to intangible assets of the CGU, to the extent
       the carrying amount of these intangible assets         •   Evaluating the reliability of cash flow forecasts
       are not reduced below the highest of their fair            prepared by the management by comparing the
       value less costs of disposal, their value in use           historical forecast with the actual performance
       and zero. Accordingly, the Group has recognised            in the current year.
       impairment loss of contractual right to provide
       management services and trademarks amounting
       to RMB215,556,000 and RMB105,263,000
       respectively. Details of the impairment testing
       are disclosed in Note 23 to the consolidated
       financial statements.




112   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   113
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
      and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
      for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
      that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
      consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
           due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
           evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
           a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
           involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
           and related disclosures made by the Directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
           conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
           the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
           to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
           going concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
           transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
           group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
           work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




114   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matter. We describe the matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan, Benjie Pak Kin.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 March 2026




                                                                 Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   115
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                              NOTES       2025          2024
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                                   5      2,649,073     2,811,596
      Cost of revenue                                                 (1,762,532)   (1,712,142)

      Gross profit                                                      886,541     1,099,454
      Other income                                              6        27,803        35,081
      Other expenses                                            7       (56,283)        (4,894)
      Other gains and losses, net                               8        (6,642)      (27,629)
      Impairment losses under expected credit
        loss (“ECL”) model                                      9        (99,009)            –
      Impairment losses recognised on goodwill, licenses,
        contractual right to provide management services
        and trademarks                                         23      (992,579)             –
      Research and development expenses                                 (20,647)       (24,691)
      Selling and distribution expenses                                (165,011)     (175,169)
      Administrative expenses                                          (497,696)     (458,012)
      Share of results of associates                                     12,653          3,912
      Share of result of a joint venture                                 (1,036)         1,241
      Finance costs                                            10       (71,055)       (57,406)

      (Loss) profit before taxation                            11      (982,961)      391,887
      Income tax expenses                                      12          (924)     (118,420)

      (Loss) profit for the year                                       (983,885)      273,467


      Other comprehensive (expense) income:
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
         Fair value loss on equity instrument at fair value
           through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”),
           net of tax                                          27        (36,470)            –
      Item that may be reclassified subsequently to
         profit or loss:
         Exchange differences on translation of
           foreign operations                                            (56,903)      54,840

      Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                  (93,373)      54,840

      Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year               (1,077,258)     328,307


      (Loss) profit for the year attributable to:
        – Owners of the Company                                        (976,146)      283,099
        – Non-controlling interests                                      (7,739)       (9,632)

                                                                       (983,885)      273,467




116   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                    NOTES              2025                   2024
                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year
 attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                           (1,068,668)              337,199
 – Non-controlling interests                                           (8,590)               (8,892)

                                                                   (1,077,258)              328,307


(Loss) earnings per share:                           15
  – Basic (RMB)                                                           (0.36)                 0.11

 – Diluted (RMB)                                                          (0.36)                 0.10




                                                     Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   117
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

      At 31 December 2025




                                                            NOTES       2025         2024
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                          16      2,909,991    2,811,993
      Right-of-use assets                                    17        484,160      458,909
      Goodwill                                               18      2,873,085    3,506,618
      Licenses                                               19      1,401,232    1,486,273
      Non-compete agreement                                  20         16,135       18,186
      Contractual right to provide management services       21      1,770,517    2,026,410
      Trademarks                                             22      2,552,576    2,682,046
      Interests in associates accounted for using
        equity method                                        24       392,266      391,626
      Financial assets at FVTPL                              25             –       80,000
      Equity instrument at FVTOCI                            27        35,676       84,303
      Interest in a joint venture                            26        25,298       26,334
      Prepayments                                            29        13,290            –
      Loans receivable                                       29        29,238       29,133
      Refundable deposits                                              16,245       64,827
      Amounts due from related parties                      30(a)      13,500       76,253
      Deferred tax assets                                    36       155,886      124,487
      Life insurance policy                                  31        24,548       24,467


                                                                    12,713,643   13,891,865


      Current assets
      Inventories                                            28        55,935       50,948
      Accounts and other receivables                         29       205,348      322,265
      Amounts due from related parties                      30(a)      15,243       86,955
      Tax recoverable                                                  67,180       58,940
      Time deposits                                          32             –       24,625
      Bank balances and cash                                 33       905,782      546,196


                                                                     1,249,488    1,089,929




118   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                           Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                        At 31 December 2025




                                                         NOTES               2025                   2024
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables                                34               702,364               737,772
Amounts due to related parties                            30(b)              25,191                20,459
Lease liabilities                                          35                52,353                53,505
Tax payables                                                                 38,245                30,178
Bank borrowings                                            37               622,890             1,277,537


                                                                          1,441,043             2,119,451


Net current liabilities                                                    (191,555)           (1,029,522)


Total assets less current liabilities                                   12,522,088             12,862,343


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                          35               333,004               281,372
Deferred tax liabilities                                   36             1,150,714             1,234,225
Bank borrowings                                            37             1,839,549               992,559


                                                                          3,323,267             2,508,156


Net assets                                                                9,198,821            10,354,187


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                              38                   182                   182
Reserves                                                                  9,143,364            10,274,237


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              9,143,546            10,274,419
Non-controlling interests                                                    55,275                79,768


Total equity                                                              9,198,821            10,354,187


The consolidated financial statements on pages 116 to 240 were approved and authorised for issue by the
board of directors on 26 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Dong Yang                                         Yan Xiaoqing
                    DIRECTOR                                           DIRECTOR




                                                           Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   119
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                          Equity–
                                                                              Shares held                                                  settled
                                                                             for restricted                                          share-based                                    Non–
                                                           Share       Share share award        Capital     Translation    Statutory    payment      Retained                 controlling
                                                          capital   premium        scheme       reserve        reserve       reserve      reserve      profits   Sub-total      interests      Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                              (Note 39(b))                                  (Note a)


      At 1 January, 2024                                     180    8,904,097            (2)   (402,668)       (74,927)     130,809        85,592    1,448,342 10,091,423        95,389 10,186,812


      Profit (loss) for the year                               –             –            –           –             –              –            –     283,099     283,099         (9,632)   273,467
      Other comprehensive income for the year                  –             –            –           –        54,100              –            –           –      54,100            740     54,840


      Total comprehensive income (expense) for
        the year                                               –             –            –           –        54,100              –            –     283,099     337,199         (8,892)   328,307


      Repurchase of shares (Note c)                            –       (51,313)           *           –              –             –            –           –      (51,313)            –      (51,313)
      Dividends recognised as distribution (Note 14)           –     (150,000)            –           –              –             –            –           –    (150,000)             –    (150,000)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
         payment (Note 39(b))                                  –             –            –           –              –             –       47,285           –      47,285              –      47,285
      Forfeiture of equity-settled share-based
         payment (Note 39(b))                                  –            –            –            –              –             –         (847)        847            –             –            –
      Vesting of restricted shares (Note 39)                   –       65,940            1            –              –             –      (65,941)          –            –             –            –
      Issue of shares for Restricted Share
         Award Scheme (as defined and detailed
         in Note 39(b)                                         2             –           (2)          –              –             –            –           –           –              –           –
      Dividends to non-controlling interests (Note b)          –             –            –           –              –             –            –           –           –         (7,133)     (7,133)
      Capital injection by non-controlling interests           –             –            –        (175)             –             –            –           –        (175)           404         229
      Transfer to reserve (Note a)                             –             –            –           –              –        21,681            –     (21,681)          –              –           –


      At 31 December, 2024                                   182    8,768,724            (3)   (402,843)       (20,827)     152,490        66,089    1,710,607 10,274,419        79,768 10,354,187




120   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                       Annual Report 2025
                                            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                    Investment in
                                                                                                           Equity–        equity
                                                              Shares held                                   settled instruments
                                                             for restricted                            share-based at FVTOCI                             Non–
                                           Share       Share share award Capital Translation Statutory payment revaluation Retained                 controlling
                                          capital   premium        scheme reserve reserve reserve          reserve       reserve  profits Sub-total interests   Total
                                         RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                              (Note 39(b))                    (Note a)


At 1 January, 2025                           182 8,768,724           (3)   (402,843)    (20,827)   152,490       66,089           – 1,710,607 10,274,419       79,768 10,354,187


Loss for the year                               –          –          –           –           –          –             –          –    (976,146)   (976,146)    (7,739)   (983,885)
Other comprehensive expense
  for the year                                  –          –          –           –     (56,052)         –             –    (36,470)          –     (92,522)      (851)    (93,373)


Total comprehensive expense
  for the year                                  –          –          –           –     (56,052)         –             –    (36,470)   (976,146) (1,068,668)    (8,590) (1,077,258)


Repurchase of shares (Note c)                   –    (90,746)         –           –           –          –             –          –           –     (90,746)         –     (90,746)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payment (Note 39)                 –         –           –           –           –          –        28,541          –           –      28,541          –      28,541
Vesting of restricted shares (Note 39)          –    29,978           *           –           –          –       (29,978)         –           –           –          –           –
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests (Note b)                            –          –          –           –           –          –             –          –           –           –    (15,903)    (15,903)
Transfer to reserve (Note a)                    –          –          –           –           –     82,880             –          –     (82,880)          –          –           –


At 31 December, 2025                         182 8,707,956           (3)   (402,843)    (76,879)   235,370       64,652     (36,470)   651,581 9,143,546       55,275 9,198,821

*         The amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025              Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               121
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      Notes:

      (a)   Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). According to the
            relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
            their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
            until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
            distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
            non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

      (b)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, Jinxin Women Wellness Limited declared dividends amounted to RMB15,713,000
            (2024: RMB4,818,000) to the non-controlling shareholders.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital (“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”)
            declared dividends amounted to RMB190,000 (2024: RMB2,315,000) to the non-controlling shareholders.

      (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange
            of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) as follows:

                                                                                            Price per share             Aggregate
                                                                                No. of    Hong Kong Dollar           consideration
            Month of repurchase                                       ordinary shares               (“HK$”)                   paid


            December                                                       39,662,000                    2.52       HK$99,882,000
                                                                                                                      (equivalent to
                                                                                                                    RMB90,746,000)

            The total consideration paid to repurchase the Company’s ordinary shares amounted to RMB90,746,000 during the year
            ended 31 December 2025.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, a trustee purchased the Company’s ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange
            for the satisfaction of awards to be granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme (as defined in Note 39(b)). The trustee purchased
            9,374,273 of Company’s shares with a total amount of RMB22,544,000.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased 13,000,000 of its own ordinary shares through the
            Stock Exchange with a total amount of RMB28,769,000 as follows:

                                                                                                                        Aggregate
                                                                                No. of             Price per         consideration
            Month of repurchase                                       ordinary shares             share HK$                   paid


            July                                                             9,000,000                   2.43       HK$21,870,000
                                                                                                                      (equivalent to
                                                                                                                    RMB20,015,000)
            August                                                           4,000,000                   2.39        HK$9,560,000
                                                                                                                      (equivalent to
                                                                                                                     RMB8,754,000)

            The total consideration paid to repurchase the Company’s ordinary shares amounted to RMB51,313,000 during the year
            ended 31 December 2024, which includes RMB22,544,000 paid by the trustee and RMB28,769,000 paid by the Company.




122   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


Operating activities
(Loss) profit before taxation                                               (982,961)              391,887
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              216,295               157,123
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         83,349                74,323
  Amortisation of licenses                                                    44,875                44,875
  Amortisation of non-compete agreement                                        1,485                 1,480
  Exchange loss, net                                                           8,699                24,173
  Interest income from banks                                                  (9,303)               (5,257)
  Interest income from time deposits                                             (91)               (2,014)
  Imputed interest income from related parties                                     –                  (205)
  Interest expenses                                                           71,055                57,406
  Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                    493                    64
  Share-based payment expense                                                 28,541                47,285
  Gain on fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL                      (2,062)                    –
  Gain on fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                  (401)               (2,158)
  Loss on fair value change of investments in preferred
    shares measured at FVTPL                                                         –                7,052
  Impairment losses recognised on goodwill, licenses, contractual
    right to provide management services and trademarks                      992,579                      –
  Impairment losses under ECL model                                           99,009                      –
  Gain on early termination of leases                                           (373)                  (104)
  Gain on a life insurance policy                                               (634)                  (606)
  Share of results of associates                                             (12,653)                (3,912)
  Share of result of a joint venture                                           1,036                 (1,241)


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                     538,938               790,171
(Increase) decrease in inventories                                            (4,987)               11,480
Decrease (increase) in accounts and other receivables                        117,498               (61,378)
Decrease in amounts due from related parties                                  52,244                57,148
Decrease in accounts and other payables                                      (35,408)              (39,369)
Increase (decrease) in amounts due to related parties                          7,984                 (1,364)


Cash generated from operations                                               676,269               756,688
Income tax paid                                                              (87,376)             (127,487)


Net cash from operating activities                                           588,893               629,201




                                                            Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   123
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                             2025        2024
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000


      Investing activities
      Interest received from banks                                           9,303        5,257
      Interest received from time deposits                                      91        1,798
      Capital injection of investment in an associate                            –    (157,909)
      Acquisition of investment in an associate                                  –      (46,402)
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                           (251,163)   (262,357)
      Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment            (13,290)           –
      Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                          (70,000)   (836,200)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                   82,062            –
      Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL             70,401     979,927
      Proceeds from disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment         42        1,853
      Repayment from related parties                                             –          683
      Advances to related parties                                           (2,029)        (261)
      Placement of time deposits                                                 –    (452,100)
      Withdrawal of time deposits                                                –     472,440
      Refund of refundable deposit paid for a potential investment          25,000            –


      Net cash used in investing activities                               (149,583)   (293,271)




124   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


Financing activities
New bank borrowings raised                                                  3,121,013              3,294,476
Repayment of bank borrowings                                               (2,927,397)            (3,183,799)
Interest paid                                                                (109,705)              (121,010)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                               (90,746)                (51,313)
Advances from related parties                                                   5,074                    3,706
Repayments to related parties                                                  (8,326)                    (157)
Dividends paid                                                                      –               (150,000)
Repayments of loan payables                                                         –               (129,530)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                               (66,357)                (97,052)
Interest paid for lease liabilities                                           (24,199)                (16,708)
Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                      –                      229
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                   (15,903)                  (7,133)


Net cash used in financing activities                                        (116,546)              (458,291)


Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          322,764               (122,361)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                            570,821                691,331

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                           12,197                1,851


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                  905,782                570,821


Bank balances and cash                                                        905,782                546,196
Add: time deposits with original maturity of less than three months                 –                 24,625


                                                                              905,782                570,821




                                                             Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to as
           the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with
           limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961)
           as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on 3 May 2018 and the shares
           of the Company have been listed on the Stock Exchange since 25 June 2019. The addresses of the
           registered office of the Company and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in
           the section “Corporate Information” in the annual report.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are principally
           engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive and related services; (ii) management services;
           (iii) women health related services and others; (iv) obstetrics and related medical services; (v) sales of
           medical consumables and equipment.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
           currency of the Company.

      2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
           STANDARDS
           Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for
           the current year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard
           as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are
           mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of
           the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to IAS 21                                       Lack of Exchangeability

           The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no
           material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/
           or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




126   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS (Continued)
     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
     that have been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IAS 21                         Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
     Amendments to IFRS 9                         Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
       and IFRS 7                                   of Financial Instruments 2
     Amendments to IFRS 9                         Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
       and IFRS 7
     Amendments to IFRS 10                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
       and IAS 28                                   and its Associate or Joint Venture 1
     Amendments to IFRS                           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
       Accounting Standards                         Standards – Volume 11 2
     IFRS 18                                      Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

     1
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

     ²    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.

     3
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company (the
     “Directors”) anticipate that the application of all other amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will
     have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements , which sets out requirements on presentation
     and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . This
     new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces
     new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or
     loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial
     statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial
     statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes
     in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial
     Statements upon effective of IFRS 18) and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. Minor amendments
     to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
     1 January 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific
     transition provisions. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on
     the financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However,
     it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated
     financial statements.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
                 Standards as issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
                 statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
                 influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                 include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
                 Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                 In preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements, the Directors have carefully considered
                 the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its
                 current assets by RMB191,555,000. The Directors have given careful consideration to the future
                 liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether
                 the Group will have sufficient financial sources to continue as a going concern for a period of not
                 less than twelve months from 31 December 2025.

                 As at 31 December 2025, the Group has unused banking facilities of approximately RMB1,101,672,000,
                 which is available for drawdown and utilisation in the course of ordinary business from the date
                 of the approval of these consolidated financial statements. Together with the Group’s cash flow
                 projections which cover a period of not less than twelve months from 31 December 2025, the
                 Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group will have sufficient liquidity to meet its
                 financial obligations that will be due in the coming twelve months from 31 December 2025.
                 Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                 certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of reporting period, as
                 explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
                 goods and services.




128   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
          orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether
          that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the
          fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset
          or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
          asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes
          in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based
          payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions
          that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some
          similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or
          value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

          For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
          unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
          technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals
          the transaction price.

          In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level
          1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable
          and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described
          as follows:

          •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
               that the entity can access at the measurement date;

          •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
               for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

          •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information
                 The material accounting policies are set out below.

                 Basis of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                 entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
                 achieved when the Company:

                 •     has power over the investee;

                 •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                 •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                 when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                 acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or
                 loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when
                 the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
                 the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of the subsidiaries
                 is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results
                 in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                 accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                 between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                 which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
                 assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




130   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Goodwill
          Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
          acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
          generating units (“CGUs”) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of
          the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
          management purposes and is not larger than an operating segment.

          A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually
          or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising
          on an acquisition in an annual period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been
          allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that annual period. If the recoverable amount
          is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
          of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of
          each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

          The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

          Investments in associates and a joint venture
          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is
          the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not
          control or joint control over those policies.

          A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
          have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed
          sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
          require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Investments in associates and a joint venture (Continued)
                 The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in these
                 consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements
                 of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
                 accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
                 Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised
                 in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise
                 the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint
                 venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group’s
                 interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance,
                 form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
                 recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are provided for, and a liability is recognised
                 only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments
                 on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                 An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which
                 the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess
                 of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets
                 and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount
                 of the investment.

                 The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
                 joint venture accounted for using equity method may be impaired. When any objective evidence
                 exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in
                 accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in
                 use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised
                 is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
                 investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the
                 extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

                 When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
                 resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated
                 financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not
                 related to the Group.




132   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Revenue from contracts with customers
          The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
          “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred
          to the customer.

          A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
          distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

          Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
          towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria
          is met:

          •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
               performance as the Group performs;

          •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
               Group performs; or

          •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
               the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

          Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
          distinct good or service.

          The Group recognises revenue from the following major services:

          •    Assisted reproductive services and related services;

          •    Management services;

          •    Women health related services and others;

          •    Obstetrics and related medical services; and

          •    Sales of medical consumables and equipment.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Assisted reproductive services and related services
                 For assisted reproductive services, the customers normally receive the services which contains
                 various treatment components. It includes (i) consultation, (ii) revenue from sale of pharmaceutical
                 products, (iii) in vitro fertilisation (“IVF”) treatment cycle revenue, and (iv) revenue from the ambulatory
                 surgery centre facilities services, which are considered as separate performance obligation for
                 out-patient services as described below.

                 Consultation includes initial consultation, pre-IVF cycle testing, services after pregnancy and other
                 related services – these out-patient assisted reproductive medical services, are transferred at a point
                 of time. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of the completed services
                 and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.

                 Sale of pharmaceutical products – revenue is recognised when control of the products has been
                 transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
                 obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products.

                 IVF treatment cycle revenue – the usual period of an IVF treatment cycle typically lasts for 12-20
                 days. Relevant revenue of an IVF treatment cycle involves the performance of a series of medical
                 treatment and procedures that are not separately distinct and does not create benefits to the
                 Group with an alternative use after the IVF treatment cycle starts, and is recognised over the period
                 of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance
                 obligation. The progress towards the complete satisfaction of performance obligation is measured
                 by direct measurements of the value of individual services or product transferred by the Group to
                 the customer. Once the patient enters into a cycle, the Group has an enforceable right to payment
                 for the contracted price.

                 Revenue from the ambulatory surgery centre facilities services is recognised at a point in time when
                 the related services have been rendered. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the
                 control of the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and the collection
                 of the consideration is probable.




134   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
          Management services
          For management services provided to IVF and fertility centers and maternity institutions which the
          control of the service is transferred when the Group has provided the related services over the
          service period, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
          Group’s performance as the Group performs.

          Revenue from provision of management services is recognised over the period in which the services
          are rendered.

          The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation in respect of the management
          services contracts is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue based
          on time elapsed.

          Variable consideration
          For the management services arrangements that contain variable consideration, service fee is
          calculated based on pre-set formulas set out in the arrangements and subject to limitations primarily
          relating to the customer’s net income before tax, the Group estimates the amount of consideration
          to which it will be entitled using the expected value method.

          The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
          that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
          future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

          At the end of reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price to represent faithfully
          the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
          during the reporting period.

          Women health related services and others, obstetrics and related medical services
          Revenue from women health related services and others, obstetrics and related medical services
          is recognised when the related services have been rendered and includes out-patient services
          and in-patient services.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Women health related services and others, obstetrics and related medical services (Continued)
                 Out-patient services
                 For out-patient services, the patient normally receives out-patient treatment which contains various
                 treatment components. Out-patient services contain more than one performance obligations,
                 including (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale of pharmaceutical products. The Group
                 allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
                 price basis. Both (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale of pharmaceutical products for
                 which the control of services or pharmaceutical products is transferred at a point in time, revenue
                 is recognised when the customer obtains the control of the completed services or pharmaceutical
                 products and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is
                 probable.

                 In-patient services
                 For in-patient services, the customers normally receive in-patient treatment which contains various
                 treatment components. In-patient services contain more than one performance obligations, including
                 (i) provision of consultation services, (ii) provision of in-patient healthcare services and (iii) sale of
                 pharmaceutical products. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation
                 on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

                 For revenue from (i) provision of consultation services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products for
                 which control of pharmaceutical products is transferred at a point in time, revenue is recognised
                 when the customer obtains the control of the completed services or pharmaceutical products
                 and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.

                 For revenue from (ii) in-patient healthcare services, the corresponding revenue is recognised
                 over the service period when customers simultaneously received the services and consumes the
                 benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs. The progress towards
                 complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is
                 to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services transferred
                 to the customer to date relative to the remaining healthcare services promised under the contract,
                 that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of services.

                 Sales of medical consumables and equipment
                 Revenue from sales of medical consumables and equipment is recognised at a point in time when
                 control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to the
                 customer’s specific location.




136   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Leases
          Definition of a lease
          The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
          16 at inception. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
          contract are subsequently changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics
          are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the
          consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the
          portfolio.

          The Group as a lessee
          Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
          The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of
          12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also
          applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term
          leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the
          lease term.

          Right-of-use assets
          The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

          •    the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

          •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
               received; and

          •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
          losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

          Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
          life and the lease term.

          The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
          financial position.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                 Refundable rental deposits
                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially
                 measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional
                 lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                 Lease liabilities
                 At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at
                 the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value
                 of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
                 date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing
                 rate depends on the term, currency and start date of the lease and is determined based on a
                 series of inputs.

                 The lease payments include:

                 •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
                       and

                 •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
                       or rate as at the commencement date.

                 After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

                 The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.




138   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Property, plant and equipment
          Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or
          supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress
          as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of
          financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
          impairment losses, if any.

          Properties in the course of construction for provision of services or administrative purposes are
          carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
          to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating
          in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
          functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with
          the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property
          assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

          Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in progress,
          less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
          estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
          reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

          An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
          benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
          disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
          between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

          Intangible assets
          Intangible assets acquired separately
          Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
          accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible
          assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
          lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
          period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
          Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less
          any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

          Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
          Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Intangible assets (Continued)
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (including licenses, trademarks, contractual
                 right to provide management services and non-compete agreement) are recognised separately from
                 goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded
                 as their cost).

                 Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
                 useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
                 losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets
                 acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent
                 accumulated impairment losses.

                 An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
                 from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
                 as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
                 recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

                 Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                 assets other than goodwill
                 At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                 and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine
                 whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
                 indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine
                 the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested
                 for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                 The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                 are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually,
                 the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

                 In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a
                 reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
                 to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
                 established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group of CGUs to which the
                 corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group
                 of CGUs.




140   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
          assets other than goodwill (Continued)
          Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
          value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
          discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
          specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

          If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
          the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate
          assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
          basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the
          carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of
          CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the
          impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and
          then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
          unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of
          its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The
          amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated
          pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised
          immediately in profit or loss.

          Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU or
          a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the
          increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
          had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior
          years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          Foreign currencies
          In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
          other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates
          of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
          monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that
          date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
          not retranslated.

          Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
          monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Foreign currencies (Continued)
                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
                 foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at
                 the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising
                 are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 Bank balances and cash
                 Bank balances and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include
                 cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits.

                 For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist
                 of bank balances and cash as defined above and time deposits with originally maturity of three
                 months or less.

                 Inventories
                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                 determined on a weighted average cost method. Net realisable value represents the estimated
                 selling price for inventories less all costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make
                 the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which
                 the Group must incur to make the sale, including costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and
                 distribution.

                 Financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to
                 the contractual provisions of the instrument.




142   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts
          receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
          IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable
          to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or
          financial liabilities at FVTPL are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets
          or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable
          to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in
          profit or loss.

          The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
          financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
          The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
          payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest
          rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial
          asset or financial liability or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount on
          initial recognition.

          Financial assets
          All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade
          date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require
          delivery of assets within the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the
          market place concerned.

          All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost
          or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
          Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

          •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
               cash flows; and

          •    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
               principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

          All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition
          of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value
          of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held
          for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to
          which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.



                                                                 Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                         Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                         subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                         rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                         subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                         become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                         to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk
                         on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                         credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
                         gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following
                         the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

                 (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                         Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                         gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income
                         and accumulated in the investment in equity instruments at FVTOCI revaluation reserve; and
                         are not subject to impairment assessment.

                 (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                         Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
                         or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                         Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of reporting period, with any
                         fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit
                         or loss is included in the “other gains and losses, net” line item.




144   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
          The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including bank
          balances and cash, time deposits, refundable deposits, accounts and other receivables, loan
          receivable, and amounts due from related parties) which are subject to impairment assessment
          under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
          risk since initial recognition.

          Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
          life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
          lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after
          the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
          adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment
          of past events and the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
          economic conditions.

          The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables and trade-related amounts
          due from related parties. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually.

          For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
          has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
          recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
          on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

          (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
                In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the
                Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting
                date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
                recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
                information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-
                looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information
                considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate,
                obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-
                tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of
                actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                       In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                       risk has increased significantly:

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                             available) or internal credit rating;

                       •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                             increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                       •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                             are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                             obligations;

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                       •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                             technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                             debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                       Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                       risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                       than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                       demonstrates otherwise.

                       The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                       has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                       the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                       becomes past due.




146   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial assets (Continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
          (ii)    Definition of default
                  For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                  information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                  is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                  collaterals held by the Group).

                  Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                  is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                  to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

          (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                  on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                  financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                  (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                  (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                  (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                        borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                        lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                  (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation.

          (iv)    Write-off policy
                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                  is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example,
                  when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy
                  proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
                  the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A
                  write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries made are recognised
                  in profit or loss.




                                                                    Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
                       The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                       magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                       probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                       information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                       determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                       Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                       Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                       discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                       Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                       the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                       amortised cost of the financial asset.

                       The Group recognises an impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                       adjusting their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
                 the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards
                 of ownership of the asset to another entity.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                 asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised
                 in profit or loss.

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance
                 with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
                 an equity instrument.




148   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
          Equity instruments
          An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
          after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
          the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

          Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
          equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation
          of the Company’s own equity instruments.

          Financial liabilities at amortised cost
          Financial liabilities including accounts and other payables, loan payables, amounts due to related
          parties and bank borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
          interest method.

          Derecognition of financial liabilities
          The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
          discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
          liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

          Borrowing costs
          Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
          assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
          intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
          substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

          All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Government grants
                 Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
                 comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                 Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
                 which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
                 compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should
                 purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income
                 included in accounts and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                 transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
                 assets.

                 Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
                 already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
                 future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
                 Such grants are presented under “other income”.

                 Employee benefits
                 Retirement benefit costs
                 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including government-managed retirement
                 benefit schemes, are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling
                 them to the contributions.

                 Short-term employee benefits
                 Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
                 to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
                 recognised as an expense unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the
                 inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual
                 leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




150   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Share-based payments
          Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
          Share options granted to employees
          Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity
          instruments at the grant date.

          The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
          taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
          over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
          vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based payments reserve). At the
          end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
          expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of
          the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative
          expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-
          based payments reserve.

          Where the vesting period varies depending on when performance conditions are satisfied, the
          Group estimates the length of the expected vesting period at grant date, based on the most likely
          outcome of the performance condition. If the performance condition is a market condition, the
          estimate of the length of the expected vesting period would be consistent with the assumptions
          used in estimating the fair value of the equity instruments granted, and is not be subsequently
          revised. If the performance condition is not a market condition, the Group revises its estimate of
          the expected vesting period if subsequent information indicates that the expected vesting period
          differs from previous estimates.

          When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
          reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting
          date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled
          share-based payments reserve will be transferred to retained profits.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Share-based payments (Continued)
                 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)
                 Restricted share units (“RSUs”) granted to employees
                 Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity
                 instruments at the grant date. The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined
                 at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on
                 a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments
                 that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based payment
                 reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
                 instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
                 The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such
                 that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the
                 equity-settled share-based payment reserve.

                 When RSUs granted under RSU Scheme (as defined and detailed in Note 39) are vested, the amount
                 previously recognised in equity-settled share-based payments reserve, against the nominal value
                 recognised in share held for restricted share award scheme, will be transferred to share premium.

                 Taxation
                 Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

                 The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from (loss)
                 profit before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years
                 and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated
                 using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                 and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                 the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                 temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
                 those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
                 are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a
                 business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
                 nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable
                 and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
                 temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.




152   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
          Taxation (Continued)
          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
          in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in a joint venture, except where the Group is able to
          control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference
          will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
          differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that
          it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
          temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
          reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
          to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
          period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
          have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

          The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
          follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover
          or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

          For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
          the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
          deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

          For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
          Group applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets
          separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that
          it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference
          can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
          current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the
          same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

          Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
          are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
          deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
          Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination,
          the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Provisions
                 Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
                 result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and
                 a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                 The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
                 present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
                 surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle
                 the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the
                 effect of the time value of money is material).

                 Contingent liabilities
                 A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because
                 it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to
                 settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

                 Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
                 expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in
                 the consolidated financial statements.

                 The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
                 benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits
                 will be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised
                 in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability
                 occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.




154   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the Directors are required to make judgements,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an-ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
     period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
     Directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
     significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

     Contractual arrangements
     According to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative
     List) (2018) (“Negative List”), medical institutions fall within the “restricted” investment category, and
     therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments, and foreign investments are restricted to the
     form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint venture. In view of the foreign ownership
     restriction, the provision of private specialised medical services is subject to foreign investment restriction
     in accordance with the Negative List.

     Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd (“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”, previously known as Chengdu Xinan
     Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd), Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children
     Hospital Co., Ltd (“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”, previously known as Sichuan Jinxin Women and
     Children Hospital Co., Ltd.), Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd (“Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital”), and
     Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Kunming Hewanjia Hospital”)
     (collectively referred to as “VIE Entities”) were established under the laws of the PRC. The Group does
     not directly own 100% equity interests in the VIE Entities. Chengdu Xinan Clinic is currently held by
     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”) as to 90% and Chengdu
     Jinrun Fude Medical Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinrun Fude”) as to 10%. Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is
     currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 70%, Jinrun Fude as to 29.90% and another shareholder
     for the remaining. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital is currently held by Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate
     Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinyi Hongkang”) as to 100%. Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia
     Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 66.50% and Jinrun Fude as to 30% respectively
     and another shareholder for the remaining.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Contractual arrangements (Continued)
           Through the shareholdings and the contractual arrangements, the Group has acquired (i) effective control
           over the financial and operational policies of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and has become entitled to all the
           economic benefits from its operations; (ii) effective control over the financial and operational policies
           of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and has become entitled to 99.90% of the economic benefits from
           its operations; (iii) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
           Hospital and has become entitled to all the economic benefits from its operations; and (iv) effective
           control over the financial and operational policies of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia
           Hospital and become entitled to 96.50% of the economic benefits from each operation. The Directors
           believe that the contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored as they are used to enable the Group
           to conduct businesses in industries that are subject to foreign investment restrictions in the PRC.

           Control over the IVF fertility centers and clinics under IVF specialty collaboration agreements
           and management services agreement (“MSA”)
           The Group entered into a series of IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA with certain IVF
           and fertility centers and clinics, Huntington Reproductive Centre Medical Group (“HRC Medical”) and
           University of Southern California (“USC”), which the Group agrees to manage and operate the centers
           and clinics and receive performance-based fees in which the terms will automatically be renewed
           indefinitely unless terminated. The management assessed whether or not the Group has control over
           these centers and clinics through the IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA based on whether
           the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the center and clinics unilaterally.
           In making their judgement, the Directors considered the composition of the internal governance bodies
           and controlling parties which oversee the operations of the centers and clinics. After assessment, the
           Directors concluded that the Group does not obtain the decision making power over these bodies and
           committees to direct the relevant activities of the centers. Accordingly, the Group does not control
           and thus does not consolidate those centers and clinics. Instead, these agreements are considered
           as management contracts to generate management service income. Details of the revenue generated
           from these management contracts are set out in Note 5.

           Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services
           The Group determines the useful life of the trademarks for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the trademarks
           for HRC Medical held by HRC Fertility Management, LLC (“HRC Management”), the trademarks for
           Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively refer to as “Jinxin Women Group”),
           the trademarks for JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively
           referred to as the “Jinxin Medical Group”), and the trademarks for Guangzhou Yunzhicai Technology
           Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yunzhicai”), Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong
           Kangzhi”), Guangzhou Hejia Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Hejia”) and their subsidiaries
           (collectively refer to as “Kunming Group”) to be indefinite considering the nature of the renewal process
           and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required when renewing the trademarks.




156   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
     Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services (Continued)
     The Directors are of the opinion that the Group will renew the trademarks continuously and has the
     ability to do so. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the Directors to have an indefinite useful
     life and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be
     tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. As at 31
     December 2025, the carrying amount of the trademarks are RMB2,552,576,000 (31 December 2024:
     RMB2,682,046,000), with details set out in Note 22.

     The Directors determine the useful life of the contractual right to provide management services to be
     indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the rights (including the extension
     of the service contracts upon their maturity automatically for one additional year on each anniversary
     date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of such contractual
     right to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group indefinitely
     and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at 31 December 2025, the
     carrying amount of the contractual right to provide management services is RMB1,770,517,000 (31
     December 2024: RMB2,026,410,000), with details set out in Note 21.

     Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options
     The Group applies judgment to determine the lease term for lease contracts in which it is a lessee that
     include extension option, specifically, the leases relating to the clinics in the United States of America
     (“U.S.A.”).

     The assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise extension options impacts the
     lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised.
     Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change
     in circumstances that is within the control of lessee and that affects the assessment.

     When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances including
     economic incentives/penalties for exercising or not exercising the options. Factors considered include:

     •    contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared with market rates (e.g. whether
          the amount of payments in the optional periods is below the market rates);

     •    the extent of leasehold improvements undertaken by Group; and

     •    costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of identifying another underlying
          asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

     The Directors consider the Group has significant economic incentive in those clinics and therefore is
     reasonably certain for the Group to exercise such options in order to operate the clinics until the end
     of the useful lives of the related property, plant and equipment.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
           adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

           Estimated impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life
           Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets comprising contractual right to provide management
           services, trademarks and license with indefinite useful life is impaired requires an estimation of the
           recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
           useful life has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal.
           The Group’s management, with the support of an independent valuer (as necessary), establishes the
           impairment assessment model and prepares a value-in-use calculation to estimate the future cash flows
           expected to arise from the CGU (or group of CGUs), taking into account key assumptions including
           growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. Where the actual future cash
           flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision
           of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
           goodwill related to HRC Management Group (as defined in Note 21) amounting to RMB631,594,000
           has been fully impaired and impairment amounting to RMB320,819,000 has been allocated pro rata to
           intangible assets of the CGU directly related to HRC Management Group. The Group also recognised
           an impairment loss of RMB40,166,000 (2024: Nil) against the license recognised upon the acquisition
           of Jinrui Medical Center due to its closure of operation in Laos. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
           amount of goodwill is RMB2,873,085,000 (31 December 2024: RMB3,506,618,000) and that of intangible
           assets comprising (i) contractual right to provide management services is RMB1,770,517,000 (31
           December 2024: RMB2,026,410,000), (ii) trademarks of RMB2,552,576,000 (31 December 2024:
           RMB2,682,046,000) and (iii) licenses with indefinite useful life of Nil (31 December 2024: RMB40,166,000).
           Details are set out in Note 23.

           Useful lives, depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment, licenses
           with finite lives and non-compete agreement
           The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges for
           its property, plant and equipment, licenses with finite lives and non-compete agreement. This estimate
           is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of
           similar nature and functions and management’s expectation on the useful lives of the licenses and non-
           compete agreement based on industry practice and regulatory landscapes. Management will increase the
           depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than previously estimated.
           Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review could result in a change
           in depreciable/amortisation lives and therefore depreciation/amortisation expense in future periods.




158   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Useful lives, depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment, licenses
     with finite lives and non-compete agreement (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB2,909,991,000
     (31 December 2024: RMB2,811,993,000), net of accumulated depreciation of RMB817,194,000 (31
     December 2024: RMB639,067,000). Details are set out in Note 16.

     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of licenses with finite lives was RMB1,401,232,000
     (31 December 2024: RMB1,446,107,000), net of accumulated amortisation and impairment of
     RMB293,755,000 in aggregate (31 December 2024: net of accumulated amortisation of RMB208,714,000).
     Details are set out in Note 19.

     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of non-compete agreement with finite lives was
     RMB16,135,000 (31 December 2024: RMB18,186,000), net of accumulated amortisation of RMB6,265,000
     (31 December 2024: RMB4,780,000). Details are set out in Note 20.

5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive and related
     services, management services, women health related services and others, obstetrics and related
     medical services, and sales of medical consumables and equipment, net of discounts.

     During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s revenue is mainly contributed from its
     operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the U.S.A. and Hong Kong Special Administrative
     Region (“Hong Kong”).

     Information reported to the chief executive officer, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”),
     for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of
     goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM is categorised into various
     jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating segment by the CODM.

     The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are operations located
     in the Mainland China and Hong Kong (“Greater China”), and the U.S.A. and Lao People’s Democratic
     Republic (“Laos”) (collectively referred to as “Overseas”) during the years ended 31 December 2025
     and 2024. The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable
     segments.




                                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                            Greater China    Overseas Consolidated
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


           Revenue
            Segment revenue from external customers             2,030,987     618,086      2,649,073


           Segment profit (loss)                                  194,798     (37,502)       157,296


           Unallocated administrative expenses                                               (72,251)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                 (28,541)
           Impairment losses recognised on goodwill,
             licenses, contractual right to provide
             management services and trademarks                                             (992,579)
           Certain exchange loss, net                                                         (7,862)
           Certain interest income from banks                                                  7,741
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                             91
           Interest on bank borrowings                                                       (46,856)


           Loss before taxation                                                             (982,961)


           For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                             Greater China   Overseas    Consolidated
                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


           Revenue
           Segment revenue from external customers              2,207,206     604,390      2,811,596


           Segment profit (loss)                                  608,435      (3,917)       604,518


           Unallocated administrative expenses                                               (93,857)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                 (47,285)
           Certain exchange loss, net                                                        (24,820)
           Fair value changes of investments in
             preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                                (7,052)
           Certain interest income from banks                                                     328
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                             753
           Interest on bank borrowings                                                       (40,698)


           Profit before taxation                                                            391,887




160   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.
     Segment (loss) profit represents the (loss) profit before taxation for each respective segment excluding
     unallocated administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses), impairment losses recognised
     on goodwill, licenses, contractual right to provide management services and trademarks, share-based
     compensation benefits, certain net exchange loss, certain interest income resulted from the corporate
     bank balances (including time deposits), and interest on bank borrowings. (2024: excluding unallocated
     administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses), share-based compensation benefits, certain
     net exchange loss, fair value changes of investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, certain
     interest income resulted from the corporate bank balances (including time deposits), and interest on
     bank borrowings).

     Segment assets and liabilities
     The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
     asset and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for
     the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue
     and segment results are presented.

     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


     Types of services
     Assisted reproductive and related services                                         1,383,345             1,477,125
     Management services*                                                                 497,696               544,799
     Women health related services and others                                             356,562               343,248
     Obstetrics and related medical services                                              288,544               324,989
     Sales of medical consumables and equipment                                           122,926               121,435


     Total                                                                              2,649,073             2,811,596


                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


     Timing of revenue recognition
     A point in time recognition                                                        1,382,683             1,522,095
     Over time recognition                                                              1,266,390             1,289,501


     Total                                                                              2,649,073             2,811,596

     *       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group provided management service to IVF and fertility centers and
             maternity institutions amounted to RMB487,443,000 and RMB10,253,000, respectively (2024: RMB516,349,000 and
             RMB28,450,000, respectively).




                                                                       Annual Report 2025     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           All services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
           allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed. The Group applies the practical expedient
           of not disclosing the information about its remaining performance obligation when the performance
           obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.

           Geographical information
           At 31 December 2025, the non-current assets located in the Greater China and Overseas amounted
           to RMB8,880,708,000 and RMB3,582,390,000, respectively (31 December 2024: RMB9,070,095,000
           and RMB4,362,767,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at 31 December 2025 exclude equity
           instrument at FVTOCI, loans receivable, refundable deposits, deferred tax assets and amounts due
           from related parties -non-current (31 December 2024: exclude equity instrument at FVTOCI, loans
           receivable, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable deposits, deferred tax assets and amounts due from
           related parties -non-current).

           Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
           Group is as follows:

                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


           Overseas:
           HRC Medical                                                                             476,074               468,891


      6.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


           Interest income from banks                                                                 9,303                 5,257
           Interest income from time deposits                                                            91                 2,014
           Government grants (Note)                                                                   5,062                12,335
           Consulting service income                                                                  3,597                 4,165
           Others                                                                                     9,750                11,310


                                                                                                    27,803                 35,081

           Note: The government grants mainly comprise the basic medical subsidies, which is compensation for expenses or losses
                 already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs,
                 and incentives received related to enhancing healthcare facility development, which are asset-related and recognised
                 as deferred income as disclosed in Note 34 and then amortised in profit or loss systematically.




162   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




7.   OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


     Contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and
      Child Health Hospital (“Jinjiang Maternity”) (Note)                                      50,000                      –
     Compensations                                                                              2,439                  1,744
     Others                                                                                     3,844                  3,150


                                                                                               56,283                  4,894

     Note: During the current year, the Group provided one-off contribution amounted to RMB50,000,000 to Jinjiang Maternity
           with the special aim of enhancing Jinjiang Maternity’s capacity and sustainability of the management service (2024:
           Nil). Jinjiang Maternity is a non-profit maternity and child healthcare hospital established in the PRC and the Group
           provides management service to Jinjiang Maternity in return for management service fees. Jinjiang Maternity is no
           longer a related party as the entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company since 19
           January 2024.


8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


     Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                                 (493)                    (64)
     Exchange loss, net                                                                        (8,699)               (24,173)
     Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                                         401                  2,158
     Fair value change of investments in preferred shares
       measured at FVTPL                                                                            –                 (7,052)
     Gain on early termination of leases                                                          373                    104
     Fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                                   2,062                      –
     Others                                                                                      (286)                 1,398


                                                                                               (6,642)               (27,629)




                                                                         Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      9.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER ECL MODEL
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


           Impairment losses recognised in respect of
           – Refundable deposit (Note)                                                             20,000                         –
           – Amounts due from related parties (Note 30)                                            79,009                         –


                                                                                                   99,009                         –

           Note:

           Pursuant to the subscription deposit agreement entered into between the Group and an independent party on 15 June 2021,
           the Group paid a refundable deposit of RMB50,000,000 for a potential investment. In accordance with the final arbitration
           dated 15 May 2025, the independent third party shall refund RMB25,000,000 to the Group. As a result, the Group has
           recognised an ECL provision of RMB20,000,000 (2024: Nil) and written off the carrying amounts of this refundable deposit
           during the year ended 31 December 2025. The carrying amount of the refundable deposits to the independent third party
           was Nil as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB45,000,000).


      10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


           Interest on bank borrowings (Note)                                                      46,856                 40,698
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                           24,199                 16,708


                                                                                                   71,055                 57,406

           Note:

                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


           Total borrowing costs                                                                   109,705               122,462
           Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                                   (62,849)              (81,764)

                                                                                                   46,856                40,698


           Borrowing costs capitalised during the year ended 31 December 2025 arose on the specific borrowings with a weighted
           average rate of 3.40% (2024: 3.69%) per annum and general borrowings are calculated by applying a capitalization rate
           of 4.97% (2024: Nil) per annum to expenditure on qualifying assets.




164   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




11. (LOSS) PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


   (Loss) profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

   Auditor’s remuneration                                                          4,367                5,799
   Employee benefit expense
    (including directors’ remuneration) (Note 13)
    – salaries, allowances and other benefits                                 773,524                771,577
    – retirement benefit schemes contributions                                106,885                 97,691
    – share-based compensation benefits                                        28,541                 47,285


   Total staff costs                                                          908,950                916,553


   Cost of inventories recognised as expenses
     (representing pharmaceutical products and consumables
     used, included in cost of revenue)                                       803,868                757,425
   Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative expenses)              44,875                 44,875
   Amortisation of non-compete agreement
     (included in administrative expenses)                                      1,485                  1,480
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              216,295                157,123
   Depreciation of right-of use assets                                         87,064                 78,038
   Less: capitalised in building under construction                            (3,715)                (3,715)
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognised
     in profit and loss                                                           83,349               74,323




                                                             Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Current tax:
            PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                             78,801            112,130
            Over provision in respect of prior year                                       (2,373)           (14,136)
            Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                          4,154              3,443
            California State Income Tax                                                      538                159


                                                                                          81,120            101,596

           Withholding tax                                                                14,323               3,586

           Deferred tax:
            Current year (Note 36)                                                       (94,519)             13,238


                                                                                             924            118,420


           The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries incorporated
           in the BVI are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI from a BVI tax perspective.

           Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for years 2025 and
           2024.

           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of
           the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Company operating in the PRC is 25%, except
           for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western Region” and
           eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are tax residents in the
           PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC tax resident immediate
           holding Company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed earnings are declared to be
           paid as dividends out of profits that arose on or after 1 January 2008.

           Certain subsidiaries of the Company (the “US Entities”) are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing
           21% of the applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State
           Income Tax rate for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 for their operations in the U.S.A.
           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no U.S.A Federal Income Tax was recognised
           as the US Entities were in a loss position at the consolidated level.

           Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary
           differences attributable to the retained profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to approximately
           RMB560,924,000 as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB1,147,074,000), as the Group
           is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
           temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




166   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)
   The income tax expenses for the year can be reconciled to the (loss) profit before taxation per the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                  2025                    2024
                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000


   (Loss) profit before taxation                                                (982,961)               391,887


   Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                   (245,740)                 97,972
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                   (3,163)                    (978)
   Tax effect of share of results of a joint venture                                 259                     (310)
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                        175,843                    1,706
   Over provision in respect of prior year                                        (2,373)                (14,136)
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                               (6,827)                  (6,044)
   Tax effect of research and development expense
     additional deduction                                                            (5,865)              (6,666)
   Effect of tax exemption and concessions granted to
     PRC subsidiaries                                                            (33,827)                (55,126)
   Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                 –                    (216)
   Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
     other jurisdictions                                                          (9,970)                (5,033)
   Withholding tax on interest income among subsidiaries                           4,323                  3,586
   Withholding tax on dividend income among subsidiaries                          10,000                      –
   Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                         118,264                103,665


   Income tax expenses                                                                 924              118,420


   At the end of the reporting period, the Group has accumulated unused tax losses of RMB1,822,412,000
   (2024: RMB1,346,839,000), subject to approval of relevant tax authorities, available for offset against
   future profits and recognised accumulated tax losses of RMB465,835,000 (2024: RMB463,320,000)
   as deferred tax asset. The unrecognised tax losses of RMB274,306,000 (2024: RMB159,834,000) will
   expire in various years before 2030 (2024: 2029) and other unrecognised tax losses may be carried
   forward indefinitely.




                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      13. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (a) Directors and the chief executive
                 Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the Directors and chief executive of the Company
                 for the year for his services rendered to the entities comprising the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                       Performance–       Retirement
                                                                         Share-based                          related         benefit
                                                                        compensation    Salaries and        incentive       schemes
                                                             Fees           benefits*    allowances      payments**     contributions     Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                                 –           1,643           507              805               8      2,963
                 Dr. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                                  –              66           947            2,221             103      3,337
                 Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                              –               –           861              445               1      1,307
                 Dr. John G. Wilcox (Note ii)                       –           2,778             –                –               –      2,778

                 Chairman and non-executive director
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鐘勇) (Note ii)                   450                –           292            1,366              16      2,124

                 Non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Fang Min (方敏) (Notes i&ii)                    –                –             –                –               –          –
                 Mr. Chen Shuyun (陳樹云) (Note ii)                 275                –             –                –               –        275
                 Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                                   –                –             –                –               –          –
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                            –                –           961              400              17      1,378

                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                          275                –              –                –               –       275
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                           275                –              –                –               –       275
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                       275                –              –                –               –       275
                 Dr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                            275                –              –                –               –       275


                                                                1,825           4,487         3,568            5,237             145     15,262




168   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       Annual Report 2025
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




13. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)

  (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                                                                                           Performance–       Retirement
                                                          Share-based                             related         benefit
                                                         compensation       Salaries and        incentive       schemes
                                                  Fees       benefits*       allowances      payments**     contributions       Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                             (restated)                                                     (restated)


       For the year ended 31 December 2024
       Chairman and chief executive director
       Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                           –           2,684            1,217            1,229              16       5,146

       Executive directors:
       Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                            –               –              439                –               8         447
       Dr. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                             –           2,231            1,015            1,813              88       5,147
       Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                         –             247              866              527              53       1,693
       Dr. John G. Wilcox                            –           2,149                –                –               –       2,149

       Non-executive directors:
       Mr. Fang Min (方敏) (Note i)                    –               –                –                –               –           –
       Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                               –               –                –                –               –           –
       Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                        –               –              914                –              82         996

       Independent non-executive directors:
       Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                      274               –                –                –               –         274
       Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                       274               –                –                –               –         274
       Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                   274               –                –                –               –         274
       Dr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                        274               –                –                –               –         274


                                                 1,096           7,311            4,451            3,569             247      16,674

       *      Share-based compensation benefits for both years represent the gains arising from RSUs that vested during
              the respective years, in respect of services rendered to the Group, under the Company’s RSU Scheme. The
              RSUs are measured at the market price of shares of the Company at the date of vesting. The comparative
              figures for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been restated on the same basis, so as to conform with
              the presentation adopted in the current year. No share options granted to the Directors vested during the
              years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025.

       **     Performance-related incentive payments are determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the
              relevant individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025          Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      13. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

           (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                 Notes:

                 i.    Mr. Fang Min did not receive any emoluments from the Group during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
                       2024.

                 ii.   During the year ended 31 December 2025, Mr. Zhong Yong has been redesignated from an executive director
                       to a non-executive director of the Company on 28 March 2025, Dr. John G. Wilcox resigned as the executive
                       director of the Company on 27 August 2025, Mr. Fang Min resigned as the executive director of the Company
                       on 25 September 2025 and Mr. Chen Shuyun was appointed as the executive director of the Company on 25
                       September 2025.


                 The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the
                 management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments
                 shown above were for their services as Directors and its subsidiaries, if applicable. The independent
                 non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as Directors.

                 There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
                 any remuneration during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           (b) Employees
                 The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included one director for the year
                 ended 31 December 2025 (2024: two directors). Details of the remuneration for the year of the
                 remaining four (2024: three) who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
                 as follows:

                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


                 Salaries and allowances                                                         21,670               19,872
                 Performance-related incentive payments                                           3,967                1,337
                 Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                            70                   70
                 Share-based compensation benefits (Note)                                             –                1,531


                                                                                                 25,707               22,810




170   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




13. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)

  (b) Employees (Continued)
       The number of the highest paid employees (including directors) whose remuneration fell within the
       following bands is as follows:

                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                              (Note)


       Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                   4                      –
       HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                          –                      1
       HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                          –                      3
       HK$15,000,001 to HK$15,500,000                                                        –                      1
       HK$16,000,001 to HK$16,500,000                                                        1                      –


                                                                                             5                      5

       Note: Share-based compensation benefits are determined on the same basis as the directors’ emoluments disclosed
             in (a) above and the comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been restated.


       During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, certain non-directors and non-chief executive
       highest paid employees were granted RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group under the RSU
       Scheme of the Company. Details of the RSUs are set out in Note 39 to the Group’s consolidated
       financial statements.

       During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emolument was paid by the Group to
       the Directors, or the five highest paid individuals (including the Directors and employees) as an
       inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the
       Directors nor the five highest paid individuals waived any emoluments during the years ended 31
       December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                 Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      14. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
             recognised as distribution during the year:
           2024 final – Nil (2024: 2023 final – HK$5.95 cents) (Note)                                   –             150,000

           Note: No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended 31 December
                 2025. Final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK$4.18 cents (equivalent to RMB3.70
                 cents) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB100,000,000, has been proposed by the board of directors
                 on 26 March 2026 and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

                 Final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HK$5.95 cents (equivalent to RMB5 cents)
                 per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB150,000,000, has been proposed by the Directors and approved
                 by the shareholders in the annual general meeting held on 25 June 2024.


      15. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
           is based on the following data:

                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           Earnings
           (Loss) earnings for the purpose of basic (loss) earnings
             per share
           (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners of
             the Company                                                                       (976,146)              283,099




172   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                  ’000                  ’000


   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
     the purpose of basic (loss) earnings per share                         2,742,365             2,680,805
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
     – Restricted Shares Units (“RSUs”)                                               –               38,377


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
    the purpose of diluted (loss) earnings per share                        2,742,365             2,719,182


   For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   for the purpose of calculation of basic (loss) earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of
   ordinary shares held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme by the RSU Scheme’s Nominee and the
   effect of the ordinary shares issued by the Company as described in Note 38.

   For the years ended 31 December 2024, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
   of calculation of diluted (loss) earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of assumption of the
   conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from RSUs.

   For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group incurred a net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
   of RMB976,146,000. The assumed exercise of all potential ordinary shares, including RSUs and share
   options, would result in a reduction in the loss per share and is therefore anti-dilutive. Accordingly,
   such potential ordinary shares have not been included in the computation of diluted loss per share. As
   a result, diluted loss per share is same as basic loss per share.




                                                             Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                 Office
                                                                                            equipment,
                                                               Leasehold       Medical        furniture      Motor      Construction
                                                  Buildings improvements    equipment      and fixtures    vehicles      in progress      Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2024                        813,043      355,266      200,437          130,063        8,351        1,578,852    3,086,012
           Additions                                      –       20,249       39,904           14,710          721          296,956      372,540
           Disposals/write-off                            –         (467)     (10,805)            (712)        (184)               –      (12,168)
           Reclassification                          20,386          246           38                –            –          (20,670)           –
           Exchange realignment                           –        2,718        1,075              746            4              133        4,676


           At 31 December 2024                      833,429      378,012      230,649          144,807        8,892        1,855,271    3,451,060
           Additions                                  4,394       26,989       39,507           22,122           99          224,616      317,727
           Disposals/write-off                       (3,288)        (739)     (24,816)          (3,373)        (634)               –      (32,850)
           Reclassification                       1,710,933      312,203         8,782          41,026             –      (2,072,944)            –
           Exchange realignment                           –       (5,318)       (1,888)         (1,370)           (3)           (173)       (8,752)


           At 31 December 2025                    2,545,468      711,147      252,234          203,212        8,354            6,770    3,727,185


           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2024                        202,198      133,915       91,139           59,020        4,499                –      490,771
           Provided for the year                     41,825       47,475       39,529           26,878        1,416                –      157,123
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off              –          (90)      (9,478)            (508)        (175)               –      (10,251)
           Exchange realignment                           –          647           86              691            –                –        1,424


           At 31 December 2024                      244,023      181,947      121,276           86,081        5,740                –      639,067
           Provided for the year                     44,457       99,556       47,837           23,720          725                –      216,295
           Eliminated on
              disposals/write-off                    (3,123)        (440)      (24,815)          (3,373)       (564)               –      (32,315)
           Exchange realignment                           –       (3,632)        (1,250)           (970)          (1)              –        (5,853)


           At 31 December 2025                      285,357      277,431      143,048          105,458        5,900                –      817,194


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                      589,406      196,065      109,373           58,726        3,152        1,855,271    2,811,993


           At 31 December 2025                    2,260,111      433,716      109,186           97,754        2,454            6,770    2,909,991




174   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   Note:

   Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than construction in progress
   over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method and at the following rates per annum:

   Buildings                                                     5%
   Leasehold improvements                                        10% to 20% or lease term, whichever is shorter
   Medical equipment                                             10% to 15%
   Office equipment, furniture and fixtures                      20%
   Motor vehicles                                                20%


17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                             Leasehold           Leased
                                                                  land        properties      Equipment             Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


   As at 31 December 2024
   Carrying amount                                               163,122         289,838             5,949         458,909


   As at 31 December 2025
   Carrying amount                                               159,408         319,536             5,216         484,160


   For the year ended 31 December 2025
   Depreciation charge                                              3,714          81,061            2,289           87,064


   For the year ended 31 December 2024
   Depreciation charge                                              3,715          72,068            2,255           78,038




                                                                       Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


           Expense relating to short-term leases                                          3,335               2,990
           Expense relating to lease of low-value assets,
            excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                                 334                  71
           Total cash outflow for leases                                                 94,225             116,821
           Additions to right-of-use assets                                             121,356               7,085


           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group leases various clinics, offices, hospital,
           equipment and land use right for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 2
           to 50 years (2024: 2 to 50 years), but may have extension options as described below. Lease terms
           are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In
           determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies
           the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for property. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024,
           the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
           lease expense disclosed above.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group early terminated one lease in the PRC which right-
           of-use assets of approximately RMB4,491,000 and lease liabilities of approximately RMB4,864,000 have
           been de-recognised (2024: the Group early terminated one lease in U.S.A. which right-of-use assets of
           approximately RMB426,000 and lease liabilities of approximately RMB530,000 have been de-recognised).




176   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
   Extension options
   The Group has extension options in a number of leases for leased properties in the U.S.A.. These are used
   to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The
   majority of extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessors.

   The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the
   extension options. The potential exposures to these future lease payments for extension options in
   which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise is summarised below:

                                                                  Potential                                 Potential
                                                               future lease                              future lease
                                                  Lease       payments not                Lease        payments not
                                              liabilities       included in            liabilities        included in
                                            recognised      lease liabilities       recognised        lease liabilities
                                                   as at    (undiscounted)                 as at     (undiscounted)
                                                   2025                2025                2024                 2024
                                              RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000


   Clinics – U.S.A.                              54,337             128,957              65,159             131,885
   Office – U.S.A.                                7,733              17,424              11,058              17,820


   In addition, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option upon
   the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is within the
   control of the lessee. During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there is no such triggering
   event.




                                                               Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      18. GOODWILL
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2024                                                                3,495,983
           Exchange realignment                                                                10,635


           At 31 December 2024                                                              3,506,618
           Impairment loss recognised in the year (Note 23)                                  (631,594)
           Exchange realignment                                                                 (1,939)


           At 31 December 2025                                                              2,873,085


           Particulars regarding impairment testing on goodwill are disclosed in Note 23.

      19. LICENSES
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 2025                                     1,694,987


           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2024                                                                  163,839
           Provided for the year                                                               44,875


           At 31 December 2024                                                                208,714
           Provided for the year                                                               44,875


           At 31 December 2025                                                                253,589


           IMPAIRMENT
           At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                   –
           Impairment loss recognised in the year (Note 23)                                    40,166


           At 31 December 2025                                                                 40,166


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                                                              1,486,273


           At 31 December 2025                                                              1,401,232




178   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




19. LICENSES (Continued)
   At 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of RMB1,401,232,000 (2024: RMB1,486,273,000) of licenses
   mainly comprises of licenses in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Chengdu and Kunming (2024: Shenzhen, Wuhan,
   Chengdu, Kunming and Laos).

   Notes:

   a.   License with finite useful life in Shenzhen

        The amount is determined based on the acquisition-date fair value of the medical practice license (“Medical Practice
        License”) upon the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital on 31 January 2017. Based on the capabilities
        and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License and
        the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
        to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate
        continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 2.4 years at date of acquisition and
        is renewable every 5 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 32.4 years at its acquisition in January 2017.

   b.   License with indefinite useful life in Laos

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical
        Center with a consideration of RMB40,166,000 on 29 February 2020. The license has a legal life of one year but
        is renewable every year at minimal cost. The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the license
        continuously and has the ability to do so. The license is considered by the management of the Group to have an
        indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised
        until its useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead it is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an
        indication that it may be impaired. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised an impairment
        loss of RMB40,166,000 (2024: Nil) against the license recognised upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center due
        to its closure of operations in Laos.

   c.   License with finite useful life in Wuhan

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Wuhan Jinxin
        Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,. Ltd (“Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”) on 14 July 2020. Based on the
        capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice
        License and the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
        to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate
        continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 9.5 years at date of acquisition and
        is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 39.5 years at its acquisition in July 2020.

   d.   License with finite useful life in Chengdu

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinxin Medical
        Group on 26 November 2021. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses
        on the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Jinxin Medical Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe
        that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License,
        which has a legal life of 10.1 years at date of acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated
        useful life of 40.1 years at its acquisition in November 2021.

   e.   License with finite useful life in Kunming

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Kunming
        Group on 13 July 2022. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on
        the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Kunming Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe that
        it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License,
        which has a legal life of 6 years at date of acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated
        useful life of 36 years at its acquisition in July 2022.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025        Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      20. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT
                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2024                                 22,474
           Exchange realignment                                 492


           At 31 December 2024                               22,966
           Exchange realignment                                (566)


           At 31 December 2025                               22,400


           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2024                                  3,300
           Provided for the year                              1,480
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2024                                4,780
           Provided for the year                              1,485
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2025                                6,265


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                               18,186


           At 31 December 2025                               16,135

           *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.




180   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




21. CONTRACTUAL RIGHT TO PROVIDE MANAGEMENT SERVICES
                                                                                                       RMB’000


  COST
  At 1 January 2024                                                                                   1,996,613
  Exchange realignment                                                                                   29,797


  At 31 December 2024                                                                                 2,026,410
  Exchange realignment                                                                                  (40,337)


  At 31 December 2025                                                                                 1,986,073


  IMPAIRMENT
  At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                                      –
  Impairment loss recognised in the year (Note 23)                                                      215,556


  At 31 December 2025                                                                                   215,556


  CARRYING AMOUNT
  At 31 December 2024                                                                                 2,026,410


  At 31 December 2025                                                                                 1,770,517


  Contractual right to provide management services was acquired through the acquisition of HRC
  Management and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “HRC Management Group”) on 24 December
  2018.

  Contractual right to provide management services represents the MSA with HRC Medical for a period of
  20 years which will automatically be extended for one additional year on each anniversary date unless
  terminated.

  On 22 January 2019, the overall management service arrangement was reviewed by the Group and,
  among others, the MSA was replaced with the new MSA (“New MSA”) to optimise the overall business
  arrangement. The scope of service under the MSA and the New MSA generally remains the same. Under
  the New MSA, the management fee is equal to 90% of all gross revenue of HRC Medical accrued during
  the preceding month, subject to adjustment stated in the New MSA. The New MSA has a term of 20
  years commencing from 1 January 2019 and shall automatically extend for one additional year on each
  anniversary date unless terminated.

  Contractual right to provide management services is considered by the management of the Group to
  have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will
  not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it is tested for impairment annually
  and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. During the year ended 31 December
  2025, the Group has recognised impairment loss of contractual right to provide management services
  amounting to RMB215,556,000 (2024: Nil). Particulars regarding impairment testing are disclosed in
  Note 23.

                                                                Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      22. TRADEMARKS
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2024 (Note)                                                                                       2,664,197
           Exchange realignment                                                                                              17,849


           At 31 December 2024                                                                                            2,682,046
           Exchange realignment                                                                                             (24,207)


           At 31 December 2025                                                                                            2,657,839


           IMPAIRMENT
           At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                                                  –
           Impairment loss recognised in the year (Note 23)                                                                  105,263


           At 31 December 2025                                                                                               105,263


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                                                                                            2,682,046


           At 31 December 2025                                                                                            2,552,576

           Note:

           The Group’s trademarks as at 1 January 2024 were acquired through the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital,
           HRC Management Group, an asset acquisition in the U.S.A, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group and Kunming
           Group on 31 January 2017, 24 December 2018, 25 September 2020, 5 September 2021, 26 November 2021 and 13 July
           2022, respectively. The trademark acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has a legal life of 10 years but is renewable
           every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks of HRC Medical from the acquisition of HRC Management Group have legal
           lives of 10 years and are renewable for same consecutive period six months before expiry at minimal cost, the trademark
           acquired from an asset acquisition in the U.S.A. for the use of HRC Management Group has legal life of 10 years and is
           renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks acquired from Jinxin Women Group has a legal life of one
           year but is renewable every year at minimal cost and the trademark acquired from Jinxin Medical Group and Kunming
           Group have a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost.

           The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to do so. The
           trademarks are considered by the management of the Group to have an indefinite useful life because they are expected
           to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite.
           The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the aggregate value of the trademarks
           as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach, which is, among others, based on the
           projected cash flows generated from the use of their respective trademarks. The estimated future cash flows involves
           key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. These trademarks are
           tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. During the year ended 31
           December 2025, the Group has recognised impairment loss of trademarks related to HRC Management Group amounting
           to RMB105,263,000 (2024: Nil). Particulars regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Shenzhen
           Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group, an asset acquisition in U.S.A., Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group
           and Kunming Group are disclosed in Note 23.




182   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
  trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement acquired set out in Notes 18, 21, 22, 19 and 20,
  respectively, have been allocated to seven (2024: seven) individual CGUs and a group of CGUs (2024:
  a group of CGUs). The carrying amounts of goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
  trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 allocated to
  these CGUs are as follows:

                                                                            Contractual
                                                                          right to provide                                                             Non-compete
                                                      Goodwill          management services          Trademarks                   Licenses              agreement
                                                 as at 31 December       as at 31 December        as at 31 December          as at 31 December      as at 31 December
                                                   2025         2024       2025          2024       2025         2024          2025         2024      2025         2024
                                                RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000


  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital                     221,637     221,637           –           –     246,900      246,900       309,198     322,353          –           –
  HRC Management Group                                  –     631,990   1,770,517   2,026,410     996,984    1,124,951             –           –          –           –
  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital                           118,865     118,865           –           –           –            –       323,319     332,824          –           –
  Jinrui Medical Center                                 –           –           –           –           –            –             –      40,166          –           –
  Jinxin Women Group                               61,096      62,639           –           –      59,523       61,026             –           –     16,135      18,186
  Jinxin Medical Group                          1,953,063   1,953,063           –           –     940,073      940,073       467,256     480,219          –           –
  Kunming Group                                   470,973     470,973           –           –     309,096      309,096       301,459     310,711          –           –
  Sichuan Jinxin Reproductive Life and Health
    Research Co., Ltd. (“Yongshenghengfu”)*       47,451      47,451            –           –            –           –             –           –          –           –


                                                2,873,085   3,506,618   1,770,517   2,026,410    2,552,576   2,682,046     1,401,232   1,486,273     16,135      18,186

  *        The goodwill acquired by the Group during the business combination of Yongshenghengfu on 22 December 2022
           has, from the acquisition date, been allocated to a group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
           the business combination. The group of CGUs includes Jinxin Medical Group and Chengdu Xinan Clinic (collectively
           refer to “Chengdu Group”).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025               Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the operating performance of HRC Management and its
           subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “HRC Management Group”) fell below projections and the
           implementation of California’s insurance coverage for IVF under Senate Bill 729 was postponed. In
           response, the Group adjusted its strategic direction and performed revision on its cash flow projections
           accordingly. The recoverable amount of HRC Management Group is determined based on a value in
           use calculation. The Group has consequently recognised impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
           directly related to HRC Management Group amounting to RMB952,413,000 (2024: Nil). Goodwill related
           to HRC Management Group amounting to RMB631,594,000 has been fully impaired and impairment
           amounting to RMB320,819,000 has been allocated pro rata to intangible assets of the CGU directly
           related to HRC Management Group, to the extent that the carrying amount of these intangible assets
           are not reduced below the highest of (i) fair value less costs of disposal, (ii) value in use, and (iii) zero.
           Accordingly, the Group has recognised impairment loss of contractual right to provide management
           services and trademarks amounting to RMB215,556,000 and RMB105,263,000 respectively (2024:
           Nil impairment of contractual right to provide management services and trademarks was recognised).
           As at 31 December 2025, based on the assessment of the Group, the recoverable amount of HRC
           Management Group exceeds its carrying amount by RMB23,104,000. Although headroom exists for
           HRC Management Group, no significant improvement in forecast assumptions was identified compared
           with 30 June 2025, and accordingly no change was made to the impairment loss recognised during the
           interim period. The recoverable amount of the HRC Management Group amounted to RMB2,110,552,000
           as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB3,229,087,000).

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised an impairment loss of RMB40,166,000
           (2024: Nil) against the license recognised upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center due to its
           closure of operations in Laos. Given that no future cash inflow are expected, the non-current assets
           of the CGU directly related to Jinrui Medical Center have been fully impaired. The impairment loss of
           the license has been classified within impairment losses recognised on goodwill, license, contractual
           right to provide management services and trademark in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income.

           The impairment assessments are based on valuation performed by an independent professional valuer
           engaged by the Group.

           In addition to goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses, and non-
           compete agreement above, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (including allocation
           of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill, contractual right to
           provide management services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement are also included in
           the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

           The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGUs and its major underlying assumptions are
           summarised below. The recoverable amounts of these units and assets have been determined based
           on a value in use calculation.




184   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 16.0%, and declining growth rates of 21.9%
  to 5.0% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax
  discount rate of 17.3%, and declining growth rates of 11.5% to 5.0%). The remaining forecast cash
  flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a one-year period using declining growth rate
  5% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2025 (2024 a one-year period using declining
  growth rate 3.1%), and then a steady 2% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.8%, and declining growth rates of 22.6%
  to 10.9% to for HRC Management Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax
  discount rate of 17.8%, and declining growth rates of 26.8% to 13.1%). The remaining forecast cash
  flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a two-year period from 7.9% to 7.6% for HRC
  Management Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a two-year period from 6.0% to 4.0%), and then a
  steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 16.0%, and declining growth rates of 47.2% to
  10.0% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
  of 17.3%, and declining growth rates of 36.9% to 18.8%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond
  that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 10.3%
  to 5.3% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2025 (2024: a three-year period using declining
  growth rates from 12.4% to 4.4%), and then a steady 2% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).

  During the year ended 31 December 2025, the non-current assets of the CGU directly related to Jinrui
  Medical Center have been fully impaired upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center due to its closure
  of operations in Laos. (2024: a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 32%, and declining growth
  rates of 61.5% to 10.5%, and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter)

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 14.5%, and declining growth rates of 8% to
  -1% for Jinxin Women Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
  of 16.2%, and declining growth rates of 6% to 4%), and then a steady 2% growth rate for the units
  thereafter (2024: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 12.9%, and declining growth rates of 10.1%
  to 5.9% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount
  rate of 14.1%, and declining growth rates of 14.2% to 9.9% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December
  2024). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year
  period using declining growth rates from 6.5% to 3.5%% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December
  2025 (2024: a three-year period using declining growth rates from 8.2% to 4.7%), and then a steady
  2% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).




                                                           Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 19.4% to
           5.8% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
           15.0%, and declining growth rates of 16.7% to 12.2%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
           five-year period are extrapolated for a five-year period using declining growth rates from 8.0% to 5.0%
           for Kunming Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period using declining growth rates from
           12.8% to 7.0%), and then a steady 2% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 12.9%, and declining growth rates of 12.1% to
           5.1% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
           14.1%, and declining growth rates of 13.4% to 6.4%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
           five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 4.3% to 2.8%
           for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2025 (2024: a three-year period using declining growth rates from
           3.6% to 3.2%), and then a steady 2% growth rate for the units thereafter (2024: 3%).

           Key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows
           which include growth rates of revenue and gross margin rate. Such estimation is based on the relevant
           unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. For the financial
           forecasts used for the value in use calculation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management
           Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinxin Woman Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming Group and
           Chengdu Group are over five-year period as the Group is confident that these projections are reliable
           and they can demonstrate its ability, based on past experience, to forecast cash flows accurately over
           the respective extrapolated periods.

           The recoverable amounts of the CGUs of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming Group and Chengdu Group
           exceeds its carrying amount by RMB311,568,000, RMB23,104,000, RMB14,084,000, RMB33,475,000,
           RMB109,690,000, RMB50,900,000 and RMB4,234,247,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: the
           recoverable amount of the CGU of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group, Wuhan
           Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming Group and
           Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying amount by RMB166,838,000, RMB61,367,000, RMB12,573,000,
           RMB884,000, RMB17,387,000, RMB34,909,000, RMB66,478,000 and RMB3,917,664,000).




186   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  The table below sets forth (i) each key assumption that is used in goodwill, trademarks, contractual
  right to provide management services, licenses and non-compete agreement impairment testing at
  31 December 2025 and 2024; and (ii) the effect of the reasonably possible change in each of the key
  assumptions as determined by the Directors (with all other variables remained constant) on the calculation
  of value in use of the CGUs of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group, Wuhan Jinxin
  Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming Group:

  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
  At 31 December 2025

                                                                                   Surplus (deficits)
                                                                                     of recoverable
                                                                                     amount of the
                                                                                         CGU over/
                                                                                           below its
                                                                    Changes in key          carrying
  Key assumption                                  Base case            assumption          amounts
                                                                                           RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue                 21.9 to 2.0%       Decrease by 1%                  117,275
                                                                   Decrease by 2%                  (69,106)

  Gross margin rate                         46.5% to 41.2%         Decrease by 1%                  267,357
                                                                   Decrease by 2%                  223,146

  Pre-tax discount rate                                16.0%      Increase by 0.5%                 268,756
                                                                    Increase by 1%                 229,226


  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                          (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                            of recoverable
                                                                                            amount of the
                                                                                               CGU below/
                                                                                                     over its
                                                                       Changes in key               carrying
  Key assumption                                    Base case             assumption               amounts
                                                                                                  RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue                11.5% to 3.0%         Decrease by 1%                 (13,477)
                                                                     Decrease by 2%               (186,252)

  Gross margin rate                           47.0% to 44.2%         Decrease by 1%                127,251
                                                                     Decrease by 2%                 87,663

  Pre-tax discount rate                                 17.3%       Increase by 0.5%               133,909
                                                                      Increase by 1%               103,465


                                                            Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           HRC Management Group
           At 31 December 2025

                                                                                                     Deficits of
                                                                                                   recoverable
                                                                                                 amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU below its
                                                                              Changes in key           carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption           amounts
                                                                                                      RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     22.6% to 3.0%   Decrease by 1%            (620,819)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%          (1,232,606)

           Gross margin rate                                50.9% to 42.1%   Decrease by 1%            (103,450)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%            (229,996)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    17.8%    Increase by 0.5%          (103,450)
                                                                               Increase by 1%          (219,109)


           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                      Deficits of
                                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                                                  CGU below its
                                                                               Changes in key           carrying
           Key assumption                                        Base case        assumption           amounts
                                                                                                      RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     26.8% to 3.0%     Decrease by 1%          (655,050)
                                                                               Decrease by 2%        (1,335,145)

           Gross margin rate                                37.0% to 46.0%     Decrease by 1%            (80,280)
                                                                               Decrease by 2%          (221,935)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    17.8%     Increase by 0.5%         (120,744)
                                                                                Increase by 1%         (287,349)




188   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
  At 31 December 2025

                                                                                 (Deficits)
                                                                                   surplus
                                                                           of recoverable
                                                                           amount of the
                                                                              CGU below/
                                                                                   over its
                                                     Changes in key               carrying
  Key assumption                      Base case         assumption                amounts
                                                                                 RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    47.3% to 2.0%    Decrease by 1%                  (56,348)
                                                    Decrease by 2%                 (123,123)

  Gross margin rate               51.8% to 29.9%    Decrease by 1%                       826
                                                    Decrease by 2%                   (12,432)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   16.0%    Increase by 0.5%                   (5,271)
                                                     Increase by 1%                  (23,148)


  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                    Deficits
                                                                             of recoverable
                                                                             amount of the
                                                                             CGU below its
                                                      Changes in key                carrying
  Key assumption                       Base case         assumption                amounts
                                                                                  RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    36.9% to 3.0%     Decrease by 1%                  (56,377)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                (121,872)

  Gross margin rate               27.8% to 55.4%     Decrease by 1%                     (935)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                  (14,444)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   17.3%     Increase by 0.5%                 (10,795)
                                                      Increase by 1%                 (32,288)




                                             Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Jinrui Medical Center
           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the non-current assets of the CGU directly related to Jinrui
           Medical Center have been fully impaired upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center due to its closure
           of operation in Laos.

           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                      Deficits of
                                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                                                  CGU below its
                                                                              Changes in key            carrying
           Key assumption                                        Base case       assumption            amounts
                                                                                                      RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     61.5% to 3.0%   Decrease by 1%                (4,314)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                (9,235)

           Gross margin rate                                33.0% to 72.0%   Decrease by 1%                  (161)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                (1,207)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    32.0%    Increase by 0.5%                (461)
                                                                               Increase by 1%              (1,745)




190   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Jinxin Women Group
  At 31 December 2025

                                                                    Surplus (deficits)
                                                                      of recoverable
                                                                      amount of the
                                                                          CGU over/
                                                                            below its
                                                     Changes in key          carrying
  Key assumption                     Base case          assumption          amounts
                                                                            RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   8.0% to (1.0%)    Decrease by 1%                     11,217
                                                    Decrease by 2%                    (10,275)

  Gross margin rate                      51.8%      Decrease by 1%                     27,897
                                                    Decrease by 2%                     22,319

  Pre-tax discount rate                  14.5%     Increase by 0.5%                    24,896
                                                     Increase by 1%                    16,972


  At 31 December 2024

                                                                            (Deficits) surplus
                                                                              of recoverable
                                                                              amount of the
                                                                                 CGU below/
                                                                                       over its
                                                       Changes in key                 carrying
  Key assumption                       Base case          assumption                 amounts
                                                                                    RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     6.0% to 3.0%      Decrease by 1%                    (4,167)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                  (24,985)

  Gross margin rate                       50.0%       Decrease by 1%                   11,881
                                                      Decrease by 2%                    6,376

  Pre-tax discount rate                   16.2%      Increase by 0.5%                   9,966
                                                       Increase by 1%                   3,087




                                              Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Jinxin Medical Group
           At 31 December 2025

                                                                                                      (Deficits)
                                                                                                     surplus of
                                                                                                   recoverable
                                                                                                 amount of the
                                                                                                  CGU below/
                                                                                                        over its
                                                                              Changes in key           carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption            amounts
                                                                                                      RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     10.1% to 3.5%   Decrease by 1%            (469,454)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%          (1,015,670)

           Gross margin rate                                41.0% to 38.6%   Decrease by 1%               8,966
                                                                             Decrease by 2%             (91,758)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    12.9%    Increase by 0.5%           (41,473)
                                                                               Increase by 1%          (179,311)


           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                     Deficits of
                                                                                                   recoverable
                                                                                                 amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU below its
                                                                               Changes in key          carrying
           Key assumption                                        Base case        assumption          amounts
                                                                                                     RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     14.2% to 3.0%     Decrease by 1%          (538,765)
                                                                               Decrease by 2%        (1,079,598)

           Gross margin rate                                36.9% to 39.1%     Decrease by 1%            (62,731)
                                                                               Decrease by 2%          (160,369)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    14.1%     Increase by 0.5%         (107,394)
                                                                                Increase by 1%         (237,144)




192   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Kunming Group
  At 31 December 2025

                                                                                 (Deficits)
                                                                                   surplus
                                                                           of recoverable
                                                                           amount of the
                                                                              CGU below/
                                                                                   over its
                                                     Changes in key               carrying
  Key assumption                      Base case         assumption                amounts
                                                                                 RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    19.4% to 2.0%    Decrease by 1%                 (172,737)
                                                    Decrease by 2%                 (381,248)

  Gross margin rate               52.0% to 43.9%    Decrease by 1%                    16,639
                                                    Decrease by 2%                   (17,623)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   15.0%    Increase by 0.5%                   (3,510)
                                                     Increase by 1%                  (53,563)


  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                   (Deficits)
                                                                                     surplus
                                                                             of recoverable
                                                                             amount of the
                                                                               CGU below/
                                                                                    over its
                                                      Changes in key                carrying
  Key assumption                       Base case         assumption                amounts
                                                                                  RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    16.7% to 3.0%     Decrease by 1%                (193,160)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                (435,152)

  Gross margin rate               52.7% to 42.7%     Decrease by 1%                   26,929
                                                     Decrease by 2%                  (12,621)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   15.0%     Increase by 0.5%                   7,065
                                                      Increase by 1%                 (47,236)




                                             Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      24. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
           Interests in associates accounted for using equity method
                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                    RMB’000


           At 1 January                                                                                   391,626                    159,431
           Addition                                                                                             –                    225,876
           Share of profit                                                                                 12,653                      3,912
           Exchange realignment                                                                           (12,013)                     2,407


           At 31 December                                                                                 392,266                    391,626


           Details of each of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                   Proportion of
                                                  Country of       Principal         ownership             Proportion of
                                                  incorporation/   place            interest held        voting rights held    Principal
           Name of entities                       registration     of business     by the Group            by the Group        activities
                                                                                   2025           2024     2025           2024


           Jinxin International Medical           Cayman Islands   U.S.A.          49%           49%       49%            49% Assisted
              Service Company Limited                                                                                         reproduction
              (“Jinxin International”) (Note i)                                                                               agency

           PT Morula Indonesia                    Indonesia        Indonesia       30%           30%       30%            30% Assisted
             (“PT Morula”) (Note ii)                                                                                          reproduction
                                                                                                                              agency

           SHEDOOR GLOBAL LIMITED                 BVI              U.S.A.        23.07%       23.07%     23.07%       23.07% Assisted
                                                                                                                             reproduction
                                                                                                                             agency

           Notes:

           i       During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group hold 49% interest in Jinxin International, and
                   considering that two of the five directors of Jinxin International were appointed by the Group, the Group is able to
                   exercise significant influence over Jinxin International.

           ii      On 19 July 2024, the Group acquired 30% equity interests in aggregate in PT Morula, pursuant to which the Group
                   agreed to subscribe 25% shares in PT Morula and acquire another 5% of equity interests held by certain independent
                   third-parties at a total consideration of approximately RMB204,311,000. The Group has fully paid the consideration
                   as of 31 December 2024. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over PT Morula because it has the
                   power to appoint one out of four directors of PT Morula under its articles of association. Therefore, the interest in
                   PT Morula is accounted for using equity method.




194   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Summarised financial information of material associates
   Set out below are the summarised financial information for PT Morula which are accounted for using
   the equity method. The summarised financial information has been adjusted to reflect adjustments
   made by the Group when using the equity method, including fair value adjustments for difference in
   accounting policy.

   PT Morula
   Summarised statement of financial position
                                                                        As at 31                  As at
                                                                       December            31 December
                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


   Current assets                                                         197,127                123,963


   Non-current assets                                                     215,237                250,396


   Current liabilities                                                    (53,288)                (25,243)


   Non-current liabilities                                                (90,094)                (87,761)


   Summarised statement of profit or loss
                                                                                          From 19
                                                                    For the year       July 2024
                                                                       ended 31 (acquisition date)
                                                                      December to 31 December
                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                209,792                215,531


   Profit                                                                      9,521                3,394


   Other comprehensive income                                                   588                (1,320)


   Total comprehensive income                                                 10,109                2,074




                                                         Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      24. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
           PT Morula (Continued)
           Reconciliation of summarised financial information
                                                                                  As at 31               As at
                                                                                 December         31 December
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


           Net assets of PT Morula                                                  268,982            261,355
           Less: non-controlling interests of PT Morula’s subsidiaries              (12,732)           (12,622)


                                                                                    256,250            248,733


           Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in PT Morula                   30%                30%
           The Group’s share of net assets of PT Morula                              76,875             74,620


      25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
           On 26 November 2023, Xizang Jinli Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, acquired
           7.52% of the aggregate committed capital in WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership
           (Limited Partnership) (“WP Partnership”), a comprehensive investment fund, as a limited partner with
           a total subscribe capital of RMB200,000,000. As of 31 December 2024, the capital amounting to
           RMB80,000,000 had been injected by the Group.

           On 17 November 2025, the Group disposed its investment in WP Partnership, with the consideration
           of RMB82,062,000 settled in cash. During the year ended 31 December 2025, fair value gain of
           RMB2,062,000 was recognised in profit or loss, as detailed in Note 8. As of 31 December 2025, the
           carrying amount of financial assets at FVTPL was Nil (2024: RMB80,000,000).




196   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




26. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


   Cost of interest in a joint venture                                                    28,500                 28,500
   Share of result of a joint venture                                                     (3,202)                (2,166)


                                                                                          25,298                 26,334


   Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                        Principal   Proportion of
                                         Country of     place        ownership          Proportion of
                                         incorporation/ of          interest held     voting rights held Principal
   Name of entity                        registration   business    by the Group        by the Group     activity
                                                                    2025       2024     2025        2024


   成都錦欣尚輝企業管理有限公司                        China          China       50%        50%       50%       50% Information
    Chengdu Jinxin Shanghui                                                                               marketing
    Enterprise Management Co.,Ltd
    (“Jinxin Shanghui”)*

   Note:

   *       English name is for identification only.


   No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in a joint venture is disclosed as the joint
   venture is immaterial.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      27. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI
           The balance represents a 19.4% interests in Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co.,
           Ltd (“Jincheng Hongda”). In December 2022, the Group entered an investment agreement with Jincheng
           Hongda, which is the holding company of Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Jinxin Aijian”), and
           mutually agreed to transfer the amounts due from Jinxin Aijian amounting to RMB132,188,000 as the
           prepayment to future equity investment in Jincheng Hongda. On 24 December 2024, The Group entered
           an supplemental agreement with Jincheng Hongda, RMB84,303,000 of the prepayment has been utilised
           as the consideration to acquire 19.4% in Jincheng Hongda, and the remaining amount of RMB47,885,000
           has been recognised as loan receivable from Jincheng Hongda as disclosed in note 30(a).

           The Directors have elected to designate this unlisted investment in equity instrument as at FVTOCI as
           they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in this unlisted investment’s fair value on profit or
           loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding this unlisted investment for long-term
           purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run. The Group does not have the power to
           direct the relevant activities of Jincheng Hongda, nor have joint control over or the right to participate in
           the financial and operating policy decisions over Jincheng Hongda under the shareholders’ agreement.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, loss on fair value change of equity investment at FVTOCI
           amounted to RMB48,627,000 and related deferred tax impact amounted to RMB12,157,000, resulting
           in a net impact of RMB36,470,000 (2024:Nil) was recognised due to Jincheng Hongda’s unsuccessful
           investment in andrology business by Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Jinxin Aijian”), a wholly
           owned subsidiary of Jincheng Hongda. As of 31 December 2025, the fair value of the equity investment
           at FVTOCI was RMB35,676,000 (2024: RMB84,303,000).

      28. INVENTORIES
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


           Pharmaceutical products                                                         31,443              20,388
           Consumables and others                                                          24,492              30,560


                                                                                           55,935              50,948




198   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


  Accounts receivables                                                                 137,791               234,406
  Other receivables and prepayment:
   Prepayments to a director of a subsidiary (Note i)                                         –                13,001
   Prepayments to suppliers                                                              45,878                52,239
   Loans receivable (Note ii)                                                            29,238                29,133
   Others                                                                                34,969                22,619


                                                                                       247,876               351,398

  Less: Prepayments classified as non-current assets                                    (13,290)                    –
  Loans receivable classified as non-current assets (Note ii)                           (29,238)              (29,133)


  Accounts and other receivables classified as current assets                          205,348               322,265

  Notes:

  i.    With effect from 1 December 2022 to 30 November 2025, a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is entitled to
        an aggregate remuneration of HK$43,300,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB40,100,000). As of 31 December
        2025, the amount has been fully recognised as administrative expenses.

  ii.   The amount represent US$3,205,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB22,526,000) (2024: US$3,115,000 (equivalent
        to approximately RMB22,391,000)) loans receivable from a shareholder of an associate and US$955,000 (equivalent
        to approximately RMB6,712,000) (2024: US$938,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,742,000)) loans receivable
        from IVF Universal, LLC, a supplier to the Group. These amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
        demand. The loans receivables from a supplier and a shareholder of an associate are not expected to collected
        within one year and are therefore classified as non-current assets (2024: non-current assets) in the consolidated
        statement of financial position.


  As at 1 January 2024, accounts receivables amounted to RMB73,086,000.

  The individual customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital,
  Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd (“HK ARC”), Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Ltd
  (“HK RHC”), Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital
  generally settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards or governments’ social insurance schemes.
  Payments under government social insurance schemes are normally settled by the local social insurance
  bureau and similar government departments responsible for the reimbursement of medical expenses
  for patients who are covered by the government medical insurance schemes within 90 days (2024: 90
  days) from the transaction date.




                                                                   Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      29. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           The individual customers of HRC Management Group usually settle by cash or payments through
           insurance schemes. Payments through insurance schemes are normally settled by commercial insurance
           companies from 60 to 365 days from the transaction date.

           The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital usually settle by
           cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days from the transaction date.

           The Directors are of the view that there have been no significant increase in credit risk of default because
           the amounts are from local social insurance bureau, similar government departments or insurance
           companies with good credit rating and continuous repayment.

           The accounts receivables are assessed individually for impairment allowance based on the Group’s
           historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
           conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forward-looking information at the
           reporting date. The Directors considered that the ECL for accounts receivables is insignificant as at 31
           December 2024 and 2025.

           In determining the recoverability of accounts receivables, the management of the Group considers any
           change in the credit quality of the accounts receivables from the date credit was initially granted up to
           the end of the reporting period.

           The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date.

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Within 90 days                                                               126,693             208,840
           91 to 180 days                                                                 2,148              15,405
           Over 180 days                                                                  8,950              10,161


                                                                                        137,791             234,406


           The Directors closely monitor the credit quality of accounts and other receivables and consider the
           debts are of a good credit quality.

           Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables are set out in Note 44.




200   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES
  (a) Amounts due from related parties
                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Trade in nature
     成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司
       (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management
       Co., Ltd.) (Notes i & iii) *                                                 –                25,238
     HRC Medical (Note iv)                                                        731                25,456
     Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note v)                          –                 5,469
     Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
       (Notes i & ii)                                                            9,911               11,964


                                                                                10,642               68,127


                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Non-trade in nature
     Loan receivable:
       成都錦霖企業管理有限公司
         (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.)
         (Notes i & vi) *                                                       13,500               28,368
       Jincheng Hongda (Note vii)                                                    –               47,885

     Other receivables:
      Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
        (Notes i, ii & vii)                                                      4,601               18,828


                                                                                18,101               95,081


     Total                                                                      28,743             163,208


     Analysed as:
      Current                                                                   15,243               86,955
      Non-current                                                               13,500               76,253


                                                                                28,743             163,208




                                                           Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      30. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
                 Notes:

                 *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                         directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

                 (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company.
                         The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (2024: 365 days) at the end of the reporting period.

                 (iii)   The amount represents receivable from Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd. in relation to
                         management services provided in accordance with the IVF specialty collaboration agreements. The Group
                         allows a credit period of within 365 days to Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.

                 (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. Holding, LLC (“HRC
                         Investment”). The amount represents receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services provided
                         in accordance with the management services agreement. The amount is unsecured and interest-free. The trade
                         balance at 31 December 2025 based on invoice date is aged within 90 days (2024: 90 days) and not past due
                         nor impaired.

                 (v)     The entity is a subsidiary of an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
                         repayable on demand.

                 (vi)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group conducted an individual assessment of the amount due
                         from Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd (“Chengdu Jinlin”) and provided ECL of RMB14,868,000
                         (2024: Nil). The carrying amount of the receivable from Chengdu Jinlin, net of ECL, was approximately
                         RMB13,500,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB28,368,000). In assessing the ECL of the amount due
                         from Chengdu Jinlin, the Group considered all possible collection efforts, including collection by Chengdu
                         Jinlin on a receivable from a third party. As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the amount is expected by the
                         Directors not to be collected within one year and is therefore classified as non-current.

                 (vii)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group conducted an individual assessment of the amount due
                         from Jincheng Hongda and the amount due from Jinxin Aijian, provided ECL of RMB47,885,000 (2024: Nil)
                         and RMB16,256,000 (2024: Nil), respectively, due to unforeseen obstacles resulting in unsuccessful investment
                         in andrology business by Jinxin Aijian. The carrying amount of the amount due from Jincheng Hongda, net of
                         ECL and the amount due from Jinxin Aijian, net of ECL was Nil and Nil as at 31 December 2025, respectively
                         (2024: approximately RMB47,885,000 and RMB16,256,000, respectively).


                 The following is an aged analysis of amounts due from related parties which are trade in nature
                 presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


                 Within 90 days                                                                        3,157                36,478
                 91 to 180 days                                                                        1,003                 1,828
                 Over 180 days                                                                         6,482                29,821


                                                                                                     10,642                 68,127




202   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (b) Amounts due to related parties
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


      Trade in nature
      成都錦欣信息科技有限公司
        (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
        (Note ii) *                                                                         1,509                    657
      四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
        (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd)
        (“Sichuan Mocodo”) (Note i) *                                                      1,989                    154
      Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)                         11,296                  5,999


                                                                                          14,794                  6,810


      Non-trade in nature
      Sichuan Mocodo* (Notes i)                                                                 –                 1,960
      HRC Medical (Notes iii)                                                               1,940                 8,306
      Chengdu Jinxin Investment and
        its other affiliates (Notes i)                                                      8,457                 3,383


                                                                                          10,397                 13,649


      Total                                                                               25,191                 20,459

      Notes:

      *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
              directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

      (i)     The related party and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company.
              The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
              repayable on demand.

      (iii)   The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. The amounts are unsecured,
              interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      30. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (b) Amounts due to related parties (Continued)
                 The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature
                 presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Within 90 days                                                         6,573             4,046
                 91 to 180 days                                                         2,381             1,531
                 Over 180 days                                                          5,840             1,233


                                                                                       14,794             6,810


      31. LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company entered into a life insurance policy with an
           insurance company, HSBC Life (International) Limited, to insure Dr. Chan Chi Wai, a doctor and director
           of HK ARC and HK RHC. Under the policy, the Company is the beneficiary and policy holder and the
           total insured sum is US$10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB70,827,000). The Company is
           required to pay an upfront deposit of US$3,367,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB23,849,000).
           The Company can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the account value
           (“Account Value”) of the policy at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payment
           plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense
           charge. In addition, if the withdrawal is made between the first to eighteenth policy years, there is a
           specified amount of surrender charge deducted from the Account Value. The insurance company will
           pay the Company a guaranteed interest of 4.25% for the first year and a variable return per annum
           afterwards (with minimum guaranteed interest rate of 2% per annum) during the effective period of the
           policy. The Company does not have intention to terminate the insurance within twelve months after
           the end of the reporting period and therefore the insurance is classified as non-current assets in the
           consolidated statement of financial position.

           The life insurance policy is measured at the value quoted by the insurance company at end of reporting
           period. The net gain on the life insurance policy are recognised in profit or loss.

      32. TIME DEPOSITS
           During the year ended 31 December 2025, no time deposit was placed in banks.

           During the years ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into two deposit placements with banks
           in the U.S.A. The bank guaranteed 100% of the invested principal amount and fixed interest rate of 2%
           per annum. The contract is with a maturity of 12 months as specified in the agreement. Both deposits
           became due and were withdrawn in the current year.

           Details of impairment assessment of time deposits are set out in Note 44.




204   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




33. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
  Bank balances carried interest at market rates which range from 0.0001% to 3.5% per annum as at 31
  December 2025 (2024: from 0.01% to 3.5% per annum).

  Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in Note 44.

34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Accounts payables                                                                         228,181                216,965


  Other payables:
   Construction payables                                                                     89,727                 72,916
   Loans payables (Note i)                                                                  110,004                110,004
   Refundable customers’ deposits                                                            88,461                149,874
   Accrued employee expenses (including social insurances
     and housing fund contributions)                                                        116,930                121,928
   Value-added tax and other tax payables                                                     3,521                  7,905
   Deferred income (Note ii)                                                                 10,620                 12,752
   Interest payables                                                                          1,028                  3,816
   Others                                                                                    53,892                 41,612


                                                                                            474,183                520,807


  Total accounts and other payables as current liabilities                                  702,364                737,772

  Notes:

  (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loans payables to the former shareholders of 深圳市恆裕聯翔投資發
         展有限公司 (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd) (“Shenzhen Hengyu”)*. Pursuant to the
         equity transfer agreement entered into on 4 February 2022, certain consideration is payable by the Group to the
         former shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year as
         at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former shareholders
         upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year).

  *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
         translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

  (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with conditions
         not yet fulfilled.




                                                                       Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
           The credit period of accounts payables is from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

           The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at the end
           of the reporting period.

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


           Within 90 days                                                            206,314            155,863
           91 to 180 days                                                              6,177             27,840
           181 to 365 days                                                             8,203             18,840
           Over 365 days                                                               7,487             14,422


                                                                                     228,181            216,965


      35. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


           Lease liabilities payable:
           Within one year                                                            52,353             53,505
           Within a period of more than one year
            but not more than two years                                               71,731             66,071
           Within a period of more than two years
            but not more than five years                                             135,076            133,301
           Within a period of more than five years                                   126,197             82,000


                                                                                     385,357            334,877

           Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                 shown under current liabilities                                     (52,353)            (53,505)


           Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
            under non-current liabilities                                            333,004            281,372


           The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.09% per annum (2024:
           4.27%).

           As at 31 December 2025, RMB42,490,000 of lease liabilities payable is related to the lease entered
           with related parties (2024: RMB73,128,000), as further disclosed in Note 42.




206   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




36. DEFERRED TAXATION
  The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during
  the current and prior years:

                                                    Fair value
                                                   adjustment                             Fair value
                                    Accelerated arising from                            adjustment
                                             tax acquisition of       Tax          ECL arising from
                                    depreciation subsidiaries      losses     provision     FVTOCI               Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000


  At 1 January 2024                        5,228     1,205,477    (121,068)            –               –      1,089,637
  (Credited) charged during
    the year (Note 12)                    (1,345)       16,751      (2,168)            –               –         13,238
  Exchange realignment                         –         8,114      (1,251)            –               –          6,863


  At 31 December 2024                      3,883     1,230,342    (124,487)            –               –      1,109,738
  Credited to profit or loss
    during the year (Note 12)               (527)      (72,778)     (1,462)     (19,752)               –        (94,519)
  Credited to other comprehensive
    income during the year                     –             –           –             –         (12,157)       (12,157)
  Exchange realignment                         –       (10,207)      1,973             –               –          (8,234)


  At 31 December 2025                      3,356     1,147,357    (123,976)    (19,752)          (12,157)       994,828


  The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000


  Deferred tax liabilities                                                       (1,150,714)                (1,234,225)
  Deferred tax assets                                                               155,886                    124,487


                                                                                    (994,828)               (1,109,738)




                                                                  Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      37. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Bank borrowings, guaranteed                                           2,462,439         2,270,096


           The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:

           Within one year                                                         622,890         1,277,537
           Within a period of more than one year
            but not exceeding two years                                            357,860           288,327
           Within a period of more than two years
            but not exceeding five years                                         1,418,442           646,470
           Within a period of more than five years                                  63,247            57,762


                                                                                 2,462,439         2,270,096


           Less: Am ounts due within one year shown under
                  current liabilities                                             (622,890)        (1,277,537)


           Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                           1,839,549           992,559


           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group obtained new loans amounting to RMB3,121,013,000
           (2024: RMB3,294,476,000) and made repayments amounting to approximately RMB2,927,397,000 (2024:
           RMB3,183,799,000). The borrowings carry a weighted average annual interest rate of 4.36% during the
           year end 31 December 2025 (2024: 5.87%) and are repayable between 2026 and 2034 (31 December
           2024: repayable between 2025 and 2034).

           As at 31 December 2025, certain bank borrowings were secured by (i) the joint and several liability
           guarantees by subsidiaries of the Company, (ii) certain of the buildings owned by Shenzhen Hengyu.

           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required
           to comply with some financial covenants, which were complied with at each test date on or before the
           end of the reporting period and classified the related bank loans balances as non-current.




208   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. SHARE CAPITAL
   The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                               Number
                                                              of shares      Share capital      Share capital
                                                                                     US$            RMB’000


   Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
   Authorised:
    At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024
       and 31 December 2025                              5,000,000,000               50,000                  345


   Issued:
     At 1 January 2024                                   2,720,913,796               27,210                  180
     Issue of shares (Note)                                 36,792,247                  368                    2


     At 31 December 2024 and
       31 December 2025                                  2,757,706,043               27,578                  182

   Note: During the year ended 31 December 2024, 36,792,247 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to the
         second RSU Scheme’s nominee.




                                                               Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
           (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
                 The Company’s share option scheme (the “2025 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant
                 to a shareholders’ resolution passed on 5 December 2025 for the primary purpose of providing
                 incentives to eligible participants, including directors and eligible employees. The 2025 Share Option
                 Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of ten years, commencing from 5 December 2025.
                 Under the 2025 Share Option Scheme, the Directors may grant options to eligible participants
                 of the 2025 Share Option Scheme, including directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to
                 subscribe for shares of the Company.

                 At 31 December 2025, the number of shares in respect of which options had been granted
                 and remained outstanding under the 2025 Share Option Scheme was 139,335,000 (2024: Nil),
                 representing approximately 5% (2024: Nil) of the shares of the Company in issue at that date. The
                 total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the 2025 Share Option
                 Scheme is not permitted to exceed 7% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point in time,
                 without prior approval from the Company’s shareholders. The number of shares issued and to be
                 issued in respect of which options granted and may be granted to any individual in any one year is
                 not permitted to exceed 0.7% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point in time, without
                 prior approval from the Company’s shareholders. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the
                 number of share options granted to Mr. Dong Yang, Dr. Lyu Rong and Ms. Duan Hongmei under
                 the 2025 Share Option Scheme represent approximately 3%, 1%, and 1% of the shares of the
                 Company in issue as at 5 December 2025, respectively. The share options granted has been
                 approved by the Company’s shareholders on 5 December 2025.

                 Options may be exercised at any time from 12 months from the date of grant of the share option
                 to the 10th anniversary of the date of grant. The exercise price was determined by the Directors,
                 and will not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of
                 grant, (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding
                 the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share.




210   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
      Details of specific categories of share options granted on 5 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Grant date
                                         Share                                                                  incremental
                                     numbers of                                                      Exercise      fair value
      Option type                        grant    Vesting period          Exercise period               Price     per option


      Granted to executive
         directors and chief
         operating officer
      Tranche 1                      34,308,750   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2035   5/12/2026 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.91
      Tranche 2                      34,308,750   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2035   5/12/2026 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.89
      Tranche 3                      34,308,750   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2035   5/12/2026 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.87
      Tranche 4                      34,308,750   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2035   5/12/2026 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.80

      Granted to non-executive
         directors and independent
         non-executive directors
      Tranche 1                         700,000   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2026   5/12/2026 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.94
      Tranche 2                         700,000   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2027   5/12/2027 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.94
      Tranche 3                         700,000   5/12/2025 – 4/12/2028   5/12/2028 – 4/12/2035      HK$2.82        HK$0.93

      On 5 December 2025 (being the date of grant), the Company has conditionally granted a total
      of 137,235,000 share options under the 2025 Share Option Scheme to Mr. Dong Yang, Dr. Lyu
      Rong and Ms. Duan Hongmei (the “Grant”), as well as a total of 2,100,000 share options to several
      non-executive directors (“Non-executive Grantees”). The Grant consists of 4 vesting tranches,
      34,308,750 share options per tranche, with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment
      of market conditions, assuming continued employment through each vesting date. Each of the 4
      vesting tranches of the share options will vest upon the average market capitalisation of the Company
      reaches HK$10,000,000,000, HK$15,000,000,000, HK$20,000,000,000 and HK$25,000,000,000,
      respectively, for any 20 consecutive trading days over the ten years starting from 5 December
      2025 and ending 4 December 2035. No performance targets are attached to the options granted
      to Non-executive Grantees. Each Non-executive Grantee shall vest 33.33% of the full award on
      the each of the three anniversaries of the date of grant.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
                 The following table discloses movements of the 2025 Share Option Scheme during the year:

                                                                                                       Outstanding
                                                   Outstanding       Granted      Vested   Forfeited         at 31
                                                   at 1 January        during     during      during    December
                                                           2025      the year   the year    the year          2025


                 Executive directors
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                           –    82,341,000          –           –    82,341,000
                 Dr. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                            –    27,447,000          –           –    27,447,000

                 Chief operating officer
                 Ms. Duan Hongmei (段紅梅)                       –    27,447,000          –           –    27,447,000

                 Chairman and non-executive
                  director
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                          –      300,000           –           –       300,000

                 Non-executive directors
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                       –      300,000           –           –       300,000
                 Mr. Chen Shuyun (陳樹云)                        –      300,000           –           –       300,000

                 Independent non-executive
                   directors
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                    –      300,000           –           –       300,000
                 Dr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                         –      300,000           –           –       300,000
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                        –      300,000           –           –       300,000
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                       –      300,000           –           –       300,000


                                                              –   139,335,000          –           –   139,335,000


                 The share options outstanding at 31 December 2025 had a weighted average remaining contractual
                 life of 10 years (2024: Nil).

                 Out of outstanding share options of 139,335,000, no option was exercisable as at 31 December
                 2025. (2024: Nil).

                 The share options were granted on 5 December 2025, and the estimated fair values of the options
                 granted on that date is RMB110,178,000 (equivalent to HK$121,200,000).




212   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a) Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
      Monte Carlo model was used to determine the fair value of the options granted. The inputs into
      the model were as follows:

                                                                                          Share option
                                                                                            granted on
                                                                                           5 December
                                                                                                  2025


      Exercise price                                                                           HK$2.82
      Expected volatility                                                                       43.82%
      Expected life                                                                       3 or 10 years
      Risk-free rate                                                                            2.928%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                   4.000%


      The Directors estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the China government bonds with
      a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at
      grant date based on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length
      commensurable to the time of maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield is based on
      management estimation at the grant date.

      The Group recognised the total expense of RMB3,415,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (2024: Nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




                                                          Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           (b) Restricted Share Units Scheme (“RSU Scheme”)
                 On 15 February 2019 (the “First Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme (the
                 “2019 RSU Scheme”), which commences on the First Adoption Date and remains valid and effective
                 unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless
                 terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of directors of the Company. During the year ended
                 31 December 2024, after due and careful consideration, the Directors decided that no further
                 grant shall be made under the 2019 RSU Scheme and has resolved to terminate it after due and
                 careful consideration, provided that the awards previously granted under the 2019 RSU Scheme
                 shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.

                 On 17 February 2022 (the “Second Adoption Date”), the Company approved a new RSU Scheme
                 (the “2022 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
                 participants of the 2022 RSU Scheme (the “2022 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to
                 acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2022 Selected Participants to work
                 towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and
                 Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining,
                 incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2022 Selected
                 Participants. The 2022 RSU Scheme commences on the Second Adoption Date and remains valid
                 and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from
                 such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of directors of the Company.

                 The total number of the 2022 restricted share units (the “2022 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
                 pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total approximately 3% (i.e. 75,227,514
                 shares) of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Second Adoption Date (the “2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or
                 vested in accordance with the 2022 RSU Scheme.

                 On 5 December 2025 (the “Third Adoption Date”), the Company approved a new RSU Scheme
                 (the “2025 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of the 2025 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
                 participants of the 2025 RSU Scheme (the “2025 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to
                 acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2025 Selected Participants to work
                 towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and
                 Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining,
                 incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2025 Selected
                 Participants. The 2025 RSU Scheme commences on the Third Adoption Date and remains valid
                 and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from
                 such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of directors of the Company.

                 The above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been deducted
                 from shareholders’ equity as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity under
                 shares held for restricted share award scheme and share premium.




214   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b) Restricted Share Units Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2025, the restricted shares granted to the Directors, key management personnel,
      eligible employees and doctors (2024: granted to the Directors, key management personnel, eligible
      employees and doctors.) are as follows:

                                            Number
                                           of shares                                           Fair value at   Vesting
      RSU granted to                         granted   Grant date           Expiry date          grant date    period


      Partner doctor of HRC Medical        3,921,700   15 February 2019     14 February 2029     17,733,000    1 – 5 years

      Key management personnel             2,141,839   6 January 2020       14 February 2029     20,810,000    1 – 3 years

      Eligible employees and doctors of    5,672,970   6 January 2020       14 February 2029     55,120,000    1 – 3 years
         HRC Medical

      Key management personnel             2,098,932   10 January 2021      14 February 2029     26,591,000    6 months – 3 years

      Key management personnel              500,000    1 June 2021          14 February 2029      8,703,000    8 months – 3 years

      Key management personnel              100,000    1 January 2022       14 February 2029        712,000    1 month – 2 years

      Eligible employees and doctors of    1,393,500   31 January 2022      14 February 2029     11,836,000    1 month – 4 years
         HRC Medical

      Partner doctor of HRC Medical        1,990,710   31 January 2022      14 February 2029     12,639,000    1 – 5 years

      Key management personnel              100,000    1 March 2022         14 February 2029        721,000    10 months – 3 years

      A director of the Company           10,000,000   27 March 2023        16 February 2032     47,272,000    1 – 5 years

      The Directors                       18,062,247   23 August 2023       16 February 2032     62,869,000    1 – 5 years

      Key management personnel and        29,108,000   23 August 2023       16 February 2032   101,319,000     1 – 5 years
        eligible employees

      Key management personnel and        15,447,354   19 April 2024        16 February 2032     31,808,000    1 – 4 years
        eligible employees

      The Directors                        1,050,000   5 December 2025      5 December 2035       2,450,000    1 – 3 years

      The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU Scheme
      or for the exercise of the RSU.

      The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on 19 April 2024 and
      5 December 2025. The fair value of the RSUs granted on 19 April 2024 and 5 December 2025
      were assessed to be RMB31,808,000 and RMB2,450,000, respectively.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           (b) Restricted Share Units Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
                 The table below discloses movement of the Company’s RSUs granted held by the Selected
                 Participants at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                         Number of Awarded Shares
                                                    Outstanding      Granted      Exercised      Forfeited Outstanding at
                                                    at 1 January   during the     during the    during the 31 December
                                                            2025         year           year          year          2025


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel             874,468             –      (125,000)         (749,468)             –
                   Key management personnel             125,000             –      (125,000)                –              –
                   Eligible employees and doctors
                      of HRC Medical                    696,750             –       (278,700)                –       418,050
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical      1,194,426             –       (398,142)                –       796,284
                   Key management personnel              33,334             –        (33,334)                –             –
                   The Directors                     19,554,115             –     (1,650,885)       (2,000,000)   15,903,230
                   Key management personnel and
                      eligible employees             22,354,646             –     (1,631,639)        (289,408)    20,433,599
                   Key management personnel and
                      eligible employees             14,447,354            –      (4,478,300)                –     9,969,054
                   The Directors                              –    1,050,000               –                 –     1,050,000


                                                     59,280,093    1,050,000      (8,721,000)       (3,038,876)   48,570,217




216   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b) Restricted Share Units Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
                                                                Number of Awarded Shares
                                         Outstanding       Granted       Exercised          Forfeited    Outstanding at
                                         at 1 January    during the      during the        during the     31 December
                                                2024           year            year              year             2024


      RSU granted to:
        Key management personnel
        Partner doctor of HRC Medical      1,568,680             –       (1,568,680)                –                –
        Key management personnel              19,880             –           (19,880)               –                –
        Eligible employees and doctors
           of HRC Medical                    418,821             –         (418,821)                –                –
        Key management personnel           1,151,849             –         (277,381)                –          874,468
        Key management personnel             312,500             –         (187,500)                –          125,000
        Key management personnel              33,334             –           (33,334)               –                –
        Eligible employees and doctors
           of HRC Medical                  1,114,800             –         (418,050)                –          696,750
        Partner doctor of HRC Medical      1,990,710             –         (796,284)                –        1,194,426
        Key management personnel              66,667             –           (33,333)               –           33,334
        The Directors                     28,062,247             –       (3,508,132)       (5,000,000)      19,554,115
        Key management personnel and
           eligible employees             29,108,000             –       (6,753,354)                –       22,354,646
        Key management personnel and
           eligible employees                      –    15,447,354       (1,000,000)                –       14,447,354


                                          63,847,488    15,447,354      (15,014,749)       (5,000,000)      59,280,093


      The Group recognised the total expense of RMB25,126,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (2024: RMB47,285,000) in relation to RSUs granted by the Company.

      At the end of reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that are
      expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in
      profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-based payment reserve.




                                                               Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      40. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


           Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment
            contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
            statements                                                                 97,390            139,904
           Commitment to WP Partnership (Note 25)                                           –            120,000


                                                                                       97,390            259,904


      41. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
           The Group participates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF Scheme”) under the Hong
           Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
           of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan
           administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
           each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to
           a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately. The only
           obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF scheme is to make the specified contributions under
           the scheme.

           The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
           operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll
           costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits scheme to fund
           the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make
           the specified contributions under the scheme.

           HRC Management maintains multiple qualified contributory savings plans as allowed under Section
           401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code in the U.S.A. These plans are defined contribution plans covering
           substantially all its qualifying employees and provide for voluntary contributions by employees, subject
           to certain limits. The contributions are made by both the employees and the employer. The employees’
           contributions are primarily based on specified dollar amounts or percentages of employee compensation.

           The only obligation of HRC Management with respect to the retirement benefits plans is to make the
           specified contributions under the plans.

           The total costs charged to profit and loss, amounted to RMB106,885,000 for the year ended 31
           December 2025 (2024: RMB97,691,000) representing contributions paid to the retirement benefit
           scheme by the Group.




218   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
  In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
  the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

  Name of related companies              Relationship              Nature of transactions                        2025         2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000


  成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                           Entity controlled by      Rendering of IT services                      1,788       1,055
   Chengdu Jinxin Information              Jinxin Shanghui         Provision of catering services                    –          37
   Technology Co., Ltd.*

  Jinxin International Medical           Entity controlled by      Marketing expense                            (30,649)    (26,726)
     Service Limited                       Jinxin International

  HRC Medical and its other              Controlled or jointly     Management service income                   436,356     428,955
    affiliates (Note i)                    controlled by           Pre-implantation genetic                     35,266      35,227
                                           certain shareholders       screening testing income
                                           of HRC Investment       Ambulatory surgery centre                     4,452       4,709
                                                                      facilities income
                                                                   Repayment of lease liability                  (5,088)     (5,225)
                                                                   Finance cost on lease liability                 (522)       (599)
                                                                   Marketing expense                                  –      (1,175)

  Chengdu Jinxin Investment              These related parties     Sales of medical consumables and              8,465       9,929
    and its other affiliates               and Chengdu jinxin         equipment by the group
    (Note ii)                              investment have the     Provision of rental services                      –         101
                                           same beneficial         Provision of catering services                3,842       3,783
                                           shareholders with       Provision of pathological                       848         531
                                           the company                examination services
                                                                   Rendering of dormitory rental                     39         281
                                                                   Rendering labor services                           –       2,525
                                                                   Finance cost on lease liability               (2,804)     (4,046)
                                                                   Rendering cleaning services to                (9,094)     (9,749)
                                                                      the Group
                                                                   Repayment of lease liability                 (24,717)    (25,366)

  Notes:

  *      English name is for identification only identification purpose only.

  (i)    The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2025 is RMB16,823,000 (31 December 2024: RMB20,087,000).

  (ii)   The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2025 is RMB25,667,000 (31 December 2024: RMB53,041,000).




                                                                         Annual Report 2025           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           Compensation of key management personnel
           The remuneration of the key management is determined based on performance of individuals and
           market trends.

           Key management includes executive directors and senior management. The remuneration of the Directors
           and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Salaries and allowances                                                         5,509               8,774
           Performance-related incentive payments                                          6,523               7,946
           Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                          315                 507
           Share-based payment expenses                                                   11,946              13,990


                                                                                          24,293              31,217


      43. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
           concern while maximising the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
           balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the additional advance from
           related parties or the repayment of their existing advances, lease liabilities and bank borrowings disclosed
           in Notes 30 (b), 35 and 37 respectively, net of cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of
           the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

           The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors
           consider the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
           the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new
           share issues as well as issue of new debt, if necessary.




220   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a) Categories of financial instruments
                                                                               The Group
                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at
        – Amortised cost                                                   1,152,768            1,085,014
        – FVTPL                                                                    –               80,000
        – FVTOCI                                                              35,676               84,303


                                                                           1,188,444            1,249,317


      Financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities at
        – Amortised cost                                                   3,058,923            2,885,742


      Lease liabilities                                                      385,357              334,877


   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
      The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, accounts and other
      receivables, refundable deposits, loans receivable, amounts due from/to related parties, other
      financial assets at FVTPL, equity instrument at FVTOCI, time deposits, bank balances and cash,
      accounts and other payables, loans payables, bank borrowings, lease liabilities. Details of these
      financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
      instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk
      and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management
      manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
      timely and effective manner.

      Market risk
      Currency risk
      Several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency bank balances and bank borrowings
      against the functional currencies of the relevant group entities which expose the Group to foreign
      currency risk.

      The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the management
      of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign
      exchange exposure should the need arises.




                                                           Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Currency risk (Continued)
                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign bank balances and bank borrowings at the reporting
                 date are as follows:

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Assets
                 US$                                                                       1,049               2,485
                 HK$                                                                         277               8,139


                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Liabilities
                 US$                                                                     527,160             408,942


                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2024: 5%) increase and decrease in
                 the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies 5% (2024: 5%) is the
                 sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel
                 and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange
                 rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary
                 items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5% (2024: 5%) change
                 in foreign currency rates. The Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase in its functional currency against
                 US$ will lead to an increase in loss for the year of RMB19,729,000 (2024: decrease in profit for
                 the year of RMB15,242,000). For a 5% weakening of its functional currency against US$, there
                 would be an equal but opposite impact on the profit/loss and other comprehensive income/expense
                 for the year. During year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the sensitivity of HK$ against the
                 relevant currency is immaterial.

                                                                                             US$
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Profit or loss                                                          (19,729)            (15,242)




222   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Market risk (Continued)
       Interest rate risk
       The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
       (see Note 33 for details) and bank borrowings (see Note 37 for details). The Group’s cash flow
       interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and
       bank borrowings.

       The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis
       is presented for the Group.

       During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, The fair value interest rate risk on the fixed
       rate time deposits, is limited because the periods of these deposits are short, which within one year.

       The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to lease liabilities and bank
       borrowings (see Notes 35 and 37 for details) and the Directors consider that the exposure of such
       interest rate risk arising from lease liabilities and bank borrowings is insignificant.

       Other price risk
       The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity investments measured
       at FVTOCI as disclosed in Note 27 and financial assets at FVTPL as disclosed in Note 25. The
       Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price risk of this investment.

       During the year ended 31 December 2025, if the fair value of the FVTOCI had been 5% higher/lower,
       the other comprehensive income would increase/decrease by RMB1,784,000 (2024: RMB4,215,000).

       During the year ended 31 December 2024, If the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL had been
       5% higher/lower, the post-tax profit would increase/decrease by RMB4,000,000.




                                                              Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Credit risk and impairment assessment
                 At the end of reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets
                 of the Group as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position best represents the
                 Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group and due
                 to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties. The average loss rates for majority of
                 the financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed to be less than 1%.

                 In order to minimise the credit risk for accounts receivables, the management of the Group has
                 delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring
                 procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debt at the end of reporting
                 period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made and other monitoring procedures are
                 in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group
                 performs impairment under ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, the Directors
                 consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The loss allowance measured under
                 lifetime ECL for accounts receivables of RMB137,791,000 (2024: RMB234,406,000) for the Group
                 is considered insignificant.

                 For loans receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits, the management makes periodic
                 individual assessment on the recoverability of loans receivables, other receivables and refundable
                 deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative
                 information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes
                 that there is no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the
                 Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024,
                 the Group assessed the ECL for loans receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits are
                 insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.

                 The loss allowance of loans receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits are measured
                 under 12m ECL which is considered insignificant in respect of loans receivables, other receivables
                 and refundable deposits amounting to RMB80,452,000 (2024: RMB113,642,000) as at 31 December
                 2025.

                 For the amounts due from related parties, the Directors make individual assessment on the
                 recoverability of the amounts based on historical settlement records and past experience. In
                 addition to those related parties already have impairment losses disclosed in Note 9, in view of
                 the good repayment history of these related parties and/or considered the future prospects of the
                 industry in which other related parties operate, the Directors consider the risk of default is low,
                 and accordingly, no impairment was recognised in respect of the amounts due from related parties
                 amounting to RMB28,743,000 (2024: RMB163,208,000) as at 31 December 2025.




224   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings
       assigned by international credit rating agencies. The 12m ECL for time deposits, bank balances
       and interest receivables, of the Group amounting to RMB905,782,000 (2024: RMB571,263,000)
       as at 31 December 2025 is considered to be insignificant.

       Other than concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with
       high credit ratings, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk as
       at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

       Liquidity risk
       Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the management, which has built
       an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short,
       medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by
       maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and
       matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

       In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its financial liabilities.




                                                               Annual Report 2025     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                 The tables include both interest, if any, and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest
                 flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of
                 reporting period.

                 Liquidity table
                                                                  On demand
                                                     Weighted              or                                        Total
                                                      average       less than      1–2       2–5       Over 5 undiscounted   Carrying
                                                  interest rate        1 year     years     years       years cash flows      amount
                                                             %       RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2025
                 Accounts and other payables                –        461,289          –           –         –      461,289     461,289
                 Amounts due to related parties             –         25,191          –           –         –       25,191      25,191
                 Loans payables                             –        110,004          –           –         –      110,004     110,004
                 Bank borrowings                         4.36        664,698    389,927   1,473,705    67,127    2,595,457   2,462,439
                 Lease liabilities                       4.09         74,900     92,978     176,260   143,760      487,898     385,357


                                                                    1,336,082   482,905   1,649,965   210,887    3,679,839   3,444,280


                 At 31 December 2024
                 Accounts and other payables                –         485,183         –          –          –      485,183     485,183
                 Amounts due to related parties             –          20,459         –          –          –       20,459      20,459
                 Loans payables                             –         110,004         –          –          –      110,004     110,004
                 Bank borrowings                         5.87       1,321,171   303,337    649,935     62,516    2,336,959   2,270,096
                 Lease liabilities                       4.27          67,367    81,324    153,196     86,776      388,663     334,877


                                                                    2,004,184   384,661    803,131    149,292    3,341,268   3,220,619




226   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2025
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
      Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured
      at fair value on a recurring basis
      The Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at 31 December 2025 are disclosed in
      notes 25 and 27. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial
      assets are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                               Fair value as at                 Valuation             Significant         Relationship of
                                31 December        Fair value   techniques            unobservable        unobservable inputs
      Financial assets          2025         2024 hierarchy     and key inputs        inputs              to fair value
                             RMB’000      RMB’000


      Financial assets              –       80,000 Level 3      Net Value Model       The net value       The higher the net value of
         at FVTPL                                               Key inputs: Net value   of underlying       underlying investment,
                                                                  of underlying         investment          the higher the fair value.
                                                                  investment

      Equity instrument at    35,676        84,303 Level 3      Income approach       The discount rate   The higher the discount
        FVTOCI                                       (2024:     Key inputs: discount    (2024: N/A)         rate, the lower the fair
                                                     Level 2)      rate and market                          value, and vice versa.
                                                                   rent (2024: Recent                       (2024: N/A)
                                                                   transaction price)

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, equity instrument at FVTOCI was transferred from level
      2 to level 3 of the fair value hierarchy in the absence of observable recent transaction prices. There
      was no transfer between levels during the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                     Annual Report 2025          Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                 Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement
                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                           assets
                                                                                                                        at FVTPL
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                                     80,000
                 Total gain
                 – in profit or loss                                                                                         2,062
                 Disposal                                                                                                  (82,062)


                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                               –


                                                                                                                           Equity
                                                                                                                      instrument
                                                                                                                       at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2024                                                                                             –
                 Transfer into level 3 (Note)                                                                               84,303
                 Total loss                                                                                                      –
                 – in other comprehensive income                                                                           (48,627)


                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                        35,676

                 Note:

                 The Group owns 19.4% equity interest in Jincheng Hongda which is classified as a financial asset at FVTOCI and
                 is measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2025 was
                 amounted to RMB35,676,000 (2024: RMB84,303,000). The fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2024 was
                 measured as recent transaction price per table above and hence was classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
                 During the year ended 31 December 2025, there are no recent comparable transactions available for reference, and
                 accordingly, the fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2025 was determined based on a valuation technical
                 with significant unobservable inputs and was classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.




228   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
          Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
          The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are determined
          in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

          The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded
          at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values at the end
          of the reporting period.

45. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   The tables below detail changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
   cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows
   were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as
   cash flows from financing activities:

                                                                                      Non-trade
                                                                                       amounts
                                                                                         due to
                                                  Loan     Dividends        Lease       related          Bank      Interest
                                                payable     payables    liabilities     parties     borrowing      payable      Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


   At 1 January 2024                            236,075            –      421,925         4,090      2,127,468      14,015    2,803,573
   Financing cash flows                        (129,530)    (157,133)    (113,760)        3,549        110,677    (121,010)    (407,207)
   Non-cash changes:
   New leases entered                                 –            –        7,085             –              –           –       7,085
   Interest expenses                                  –            –       16,708             –         11,651      29,047      57,406
   Interest expenses capitalised                  3,459            –            –             –              –      81,764      85,223
   Leases early terminated                            –            –         (530)            –              –           –        (530)
   Dividends declared                                 –      157,133            –             –              –           –     157,133
   Offset of amount due from related parties          –            –            –         6,010              –           –       6,010
   Exchange realignment                               –            –        3,449             –         20,300           –      23,749


   At 31 December 2024                         110,004             –     334,877         13,649      2,270,096       3,816    2,732,442
   Financing cash flows                              –       (15,903)    (90,556)        (3,252)       170,480     (86,569)     (25,800)
   Non-cash changes:                                 –             –            –             –              –           –             –
   New leases entered                                –             –     121,356              –              –           –      121,356
   Interest expenses                                 –             –      24,199              –         25,924      20,932       71,055
   Interest expenses capitalised                     –             –            –             –              –      62,849       62,849
   Leases early terminated                           –             –       (4,864)            –              –           –        (4,864)
   Dividends declared                                –        15,903            –             –              –           –       15,903
   Exchange realignment                              –             –          345             –         (4,061)          –        (3,716)


   At 31 December 2025                         110,004             –     385,357         10,397      2,462,439       1,028    2,969,225



                                                                            Annual Report 2025           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:

                                       Place and date of     Paid-up/               Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries        establishment         share capital        interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                       2025           2024


           Directly held:

           BVI Holdco                  BVI                   –                       100%           100%     Investment holding
                                         1 March 2018

           Willsun BVI                 BVI                   US$205,600,000          100%           100%     Investment holding
                                         31 March 2017

           JINXIN Medical Management BVI                     –                       100%           100%     Investment holding
              (BVI) Group Limited      13 October 2021

           Smiling Charm Limited       BVI                   US$50,000               100%           100%     Investment holding
                                         9 October 2019

           Indirectly held:

           Jinxin Fertility HK         Hong Kong             HK$1                    100%           100%     Investment holding
                                         14 March 2018

           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility    PRC                 Registered capital        100%           100%     Investment holding
              (Note i)                   12 September 2016   RMB2,554,841,600

           Chengdu Xinan Clinic        PRC                   Registered capital      100%           100%     Assisted reproductive
             (Note i)                    1 September 2016      RMB22,222,222                                   services and management
                                                                                                               services

           Shenzhen Zhongshan          PRC                   Registered capital    99.90%         99.90%     Assisted reproductive
             Hospital (Note i)           18 May 2004           RMB20,000,000                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                               medical services

           Chengdu Jinyi Enterprise    PRC                   Registered capital      100%           100%     Property investment
             Management Co., Ltd.        27 December 2018      RMB1,000,000
             (Note i)

           Shenzhen Yuji Property      PRC                 Registered capital        100%           100%     Property management
             Services Co., Ltd.          16 September 2009   RMB300,000                                        services to group
             (Note i)                                                                                          companies




230   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2025
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
   (Continued):

                               Place and date of      Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries        establishment          share capital            interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                    2025           2024


   武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產                   PRC                  Registered capital           70%            70%     Assisted reproductive
    醫院有限公司                         17 February 2006     RMB80,000,000                                       services and ancillary
    Wuhan Jinxin Integrated                                                                                 medical services
    Gynecology and Obstetrics
    Hospital Co., Ltd (Note i) *

   錦瑞醫療中心                      Laos                   Registered capital          100%           100%     Assisted reproductive
    Jinrui Medical Center        20 March 2020          Lao Kip                                             services
    (Note ii)                                           25,000,000,000

   HRC Management              U.S.A.                 US$80,000                   100%           100%     Provision for management
                                 3 November 2015                                                            services and surgery
                                                                                                            centre facilities

   NexGenomics, LLC            U.S.A.                 US$100                      100%           100%     PGS Testing services
                                 4 February 2015

   Jinxin Women Wellness       BVI                    US$1,000                     51%            51%     Investment holding
      Limited                    7 July 2021

   上海錦霄醫療管理有限公司 PRC                                   Registered capital          100%           100%     Management consultancy
    Shanghai Jinxiao Medical 9 December 2020            RMB1,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd
    (Note i)*

   深圳市萊恩服務諮詢有限公司 PRC                                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Management consultancy
    Shenzhen Laien Service 3 April 2020                 RMB100,000
    Consulting Co., Ltd
    (Note i)*

   JXR New Hope Limited        BVI                    US$1                        100%           100%     Investment holding
                                 27 February 2020

   成都錦欣輝明企業管理                  PRC                    Registered capital          100%           100%     Management consultancy
    有限公司                         19 November 2021       RMB1,100,000,000
    Chengdu Jinxin Huiming
    Enterprise Management
    Co., Ltd (Note i)*




                                                                           Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
           (Continued):

                                         Place and date of    Paid-up/               Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries          establishment        share capital        interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                        2025           2024


           Jinxin Women Wellness         BVI                  US$1,000                 51%            51%     Investment holding
              Limited                      7 July 2021

           Hong Kong Assisted            Hong Kong            HK$10,000                51%            51%     Assisted reproductive
             Reproduction Centre           3 May 2011                                                           services
             Limited

           Hong Kong Reproductive        Hong Kong            HK$10,000                51%            51%     Assisted reproductive
             Health Centre Limited         25 March 2020                                                        services and ancillary
                                                                                                                medical services

           Jinxin Asia Healthcare        Cayman               US$50,000               100%           100%     Investment holding
              Investment Ltd.              6 June 2024

           Jinxin Asia Investment Ltd.   BVI                  US$1                    100%           100%     Investment holding
                                           25 June 2024

           JINXIN LIFE ASIA              Singapore            US$1                    100%           100%     Investment holding
              HEALTHCARE                    8 July 2024
              INVESTMENT GROUP
              PTE. LTD.

           JINXIN Hospital Management Cayman                  US$50,000               100%           100%     Investment holding
              Group Limited             31 January 2018



           Jinxin Global Medical         BVI                  US$1                    100%           100%     Investment holding
              Company Limited              11 April 2018

           Jinxin Investment Group       Hong Kong            HK$1                    100%           100%     Investment holding
              Limited                      22 December 2017

           錦欣醫療投資有限公司                 PRC                     Registered capital      100%           100%     Investment holding
            Jinxin Medical Investment   25 August 2015          RMB1,000,000
            Company Ltd (Note i)*




232   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2025
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
   (Continued):

                               Place and date of    Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries        establishment        share capital            interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                  2025           2024


   成都市錦邁創新實驗檢測                   PRC                Registered capital           51%            51%     Sales of medical
    有限公司                           17 June 2019       RMB1,000,000                                        consumables and
    (“Chengdu Jinmai”) (Note i)*                                                                          equipment

   成都錦欣健康管理有限公司                PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Sales of medical
    Chengdu Jinxin Health        24 December 2014     RMB4,850,000                                        consumables and
    Management Co., Ltd                                                                                   equipment
    (Note i)*

   四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院 PRC                                 Registered capital          100%           100%     Obstetrics, gynecology and
    有限公司                      9 December 2016         RMB125,386,636                                      pediatrics medical services
    Jinxin Women and Children
    Hospital (Note i)*

   四川錦欣醫療管理有限公司                PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Management consultancy
    Sichuan Jinxin Medical       8 December 2021      US$1,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd
    (Note i)*

   成都錦欣產康健康管理諮詢 PRC                                 Registered capital           57%            57%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
    有限公司                    18 April 2022             RMB5,000,000                                        care services
    Chengdu Jinxin Chankang
    Health Management
    Consulting Co., Ltd
    (Note i)*

   成都龍泉驛錦欣產康診所                PRC                   Registered capital           57%            57%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
    有限公司                        23 May 2022           RMB1,000,000                                        care services
    Chengdu Longquanyi Jinxin
    Chankang Clinic Co., Ltd.
    (Note i)*

   海南三亞錦舒企業管理                  PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Real estate development
    有限公司                         23 November 2021     RMB2,100,000,000                                    and operation
    Hainan Sanya Jinshu
    Enterprise Management
    Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Sanya”)
    (Note i)*




                                                                         Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
           (Continued):

                                       Place and date of    Paid-up/               Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries        establishment        share capital        interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                      2025           2024


           Shenzhen Hengyu (Note i)    PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Real estate development
                                         30 June 2014         RMB10,000,000                                   and operation

           Kunming Hewanjia Hospital   PRC                  Registered capital    96.50%         96.50%     Assisted reproductive
             (Note i)                    15 January 2014      RMB55,714,286                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                              medical services

           Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital     PRC                 Registered capital     96.50%         96.50%     Assisted reproductive
             (Note i)                    24 September 2003   RMB42,857,143                                    services and ancillary
                                                                                                              medical services

           Guangzhou Yunzhicai         PRC                  Registered capital    89.80%         89.80%     Investment holding
             (Note i)                    18 March 2021        RMB13,720,000

           Guangzhou Hejia (Note i)    PRC                  Registered capital    89.80%         89.80%     Investment holding
                                         14 May 2021          RMB19,130,000

           Guangdong Kangzhi (Note i) PRC                   Registered capital      100%           100%     Investment holding
                                        5 March 2018          RMB49,300,000

           雲南咪寶母嬰護理有限公司                PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Maternal-Child nursing
            Yunnan Mibao Maternal–       10 November 2017     RMB1,000,000                                    services
            Child Nursing Co., Ltd.
            (Note i)*

           成都錦薈科技有限公司                  PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Investment holding
            Chengdu Jinhui               4 March 2020         RMB87,285,000
            Technology Co., Ltd
            (Note i)*

           四川錦欣生殖生命健康研究                PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Research and development
            有限公司                         23 June 2021         RMB200,000,000                                  of IVF related projects,
            Sichuan Jinxin                                                                                    including scientific
            Reproductive Life and                                                                             research and related
            Health Research                                                                                   commercialisation
            Co., Ltd. (Notes i)*




234   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2025
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
   (Continued):

                               Place and date of    Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries        establishment        share capital            interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                  2025           2024


   深圳市錦欣醫療科技創新中心 PRC                                Registered capital          100%           100%     Research and development
    有限公司                      24 March 2020           RMB71,300,000                                       of IVF related projects,
    Jinxin Medical Innovation                                                                             including scientific
    Research Center (Note i)*                                                                             research and related
                                                                                                          commercialisation

   成都錦久匯美餐飲管理                  PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Operating restaurant
    有限公司                         12 May 2023          RMB1,000,000
    Chengdu Jinjiu Huimei
    Catering Management
    Co., Ltd. (Note i)*

   成都欣孕來藥房有限公司                 PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Sales of medicines
    Chengdu Xinyunlai            20 May 2024          RMB1,000,000                                        consumables and
    Pharmacy Co., Ltd.                                                                                    equipment
    (Notes i)*

   成都欣生康健大藥房有限               PRC                    Registered capital          100%           100%     Sales of medicines
    責任公司                       2 December 2024        RMB50,000                                           consumables and
    Chengdu Xinsheng Kangjian
    Pharmacy Co., Ltd.
    (Notes i)*

   成都惠普康大藥房有限公司                PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Sales of medicines
    Chengdu Huipukang            12 November 2020     RMB1,000,000                                        consumables and
    (Notes i)*                                                                                            equipment

   深圳中山生殖與遺傳研究所                PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Research and development
    Shenzhen Zhongshan           19 January 2009      RMB1,000,000                                        of IVF related projects,
    Reproductive Institute                                                                                including scientific
    (Note i)*                                                                                             research and related
                                                                                                          commercialisation

   北海錦誠投資合夥企業                  PRC                  Registered capital          100%           100%     Investment holding
    (有限合夥)                       20 April 2022        RMB100,000
    Beihai Jincheng Investment
    Partnership (Limited
    Partnership) (Note i)*




                                                                         Annual Report 2025       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
           (Continued):

                                       Place and date of    Paid-up/               Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries        establishment        share capital        interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                      2025           2024


           北海錦欣旭逸醫療管理                  PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Investment holding
            合夥企業(有限合夥)                   20 April 2022        RMB100,000
            Beihai Jinxin Xuyi Medical
            Management Partnership
            (Limited Partnership)
            (Note i)*

           西藏錦理企業管理有限公司                PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Management consultancy
            Xizang Jinli Enterprise      7 November 2023      RMB200,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd.
            (Note i)*

           成都欣運生藥房有限公司                 PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Sales of medical
            Chengdu Xinyunsheng          18 May 2023          RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
            Pharmacy Co., Ltd.                                                                                equipment
            (Note i)*

           成都錦欣韻餐飲有限公司                 PRC                  Registered capital        N/A           57%     Operating restaurant
            Chengdu Jinxinyun            16 November 2023     RMB50,000
            Catering Co., Ltd.
            (Note i and ii)*

           成都天府新區錦欣宜診所                 PRC                  Registered capital       57%            57%     Other hospital– derived
            有限公司                         9 November 2023      RMB1,000,000                                    services
            Chengdu Tianfu New
            District Jinxinyi Clinic
            Co., Ltd. (Note i)*

           奇浚有限公司                      Hong Kong            HK$2                    100%           100%     Investment holding
            Miracle Legend Limited*      26 February 2011

           茂名奇浚林業有限公司                  PRC                  Registered capital      100%           100%     Property investment
            Maoming Qijun Forestry       21 November 2011     US$400,000
            Co., Ltd. (Notes i)*

           昆明報喜星健康管理有限公司 PRC                                Registered capital        N/A          100%     Management
            Kunming Baoxixing Health 14 June 2024             RMB100,000                                    consultancy
            Management Co., Ltd.
            (Note i and ii)*



236   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2025
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group
   (Continued):

                               Place and date of   Paid-up/                    Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries        establishment       share capital             interest to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                  2025           2024


   Structured entity:

   成都錦潤福德醫療管理                  PRC                 Registered capital           100%           100%     Investment holding
    有限公司                         9 May 2018          RMB300,000
    Jinrun Fude (Note i)*

   成都錦逸弘康企業管理                  PRC                 Registered capital           100%           100%     Investment holding
    有限公司                         5 February 2018     RMB100,000
    Jinyi Hongkang (Note i)*

   Notes:

   *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
          translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

   i      The company is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in PRC.

   ii     The subsidiary had been deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2025.


   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group have material
   non-controlling interests.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025        Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      47. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY
                                                                2025          2024
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000


           Non-current assets
           Investments in subsidiaries (Note)                9,648,266    10,555,144
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                       350,540       342,340
           Loan receivable                                      22,526        22,391
           Life insurance policy                                24,548        24,467


                                                            10,045,880    10,944,342


           Current assets
           Prepayment and other receivables                     8,255        23,377
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                      373,379       192,554
           Bank balances and cash                              41,141         7,107


                                                              422,775       223,038


           Current liabilities
           Other payables                                        2,113         5,319
           Amounts due to subsidiaries                       2,569,406     2,611,042
           Bank Borrowings                                     203,947       793,942


                                                             2,775,466     3,410,303


           Net current liabilities                          (2,352,691)   (3,187,265)


           Total assets less current liabilities             7,693,189     7,757,077


           Non-current liabilities
           Bank Borrowings                                   1,016,302             –


                                                             1,016,302             –


           Net assets                                        6,676,887     7,757,077


           Capital and Reserves
           Share capital (Note 38)                                 182           182
           Reserves                                          6,676,705     7,756,895


           Total equity                                      6,676,887     7,757,077




238   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




47. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
  Note:

  During the year ended 31 December 2025, impairment of investment in subsidiaries amounting RMB931,850,000 have
  been recognised due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets of the subsidiaries of the Company. Details are
  set out on Note 23.

  Movement in Company’s reserve
                                                          Shares          Equity–
                                                         held for          settled
                                                       restricted    share-based
                                           Share     share award        payment Accumulated         Translation
                                        premium          scheme           reserve    losses             reserve         Total
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000


  At 1 January 2024                     8,904,097              (2)       85,592      (310,722)         (666,757)     8,012,208
  Loss for the year                             –               –             –      (101,468)                –       (101,468)
  Other comprehensive income                    –               –             –             –               185            185

  Total comprehensive (expense)
     income for the year                        –               –              –     (101,468)              185       (101,283)
  Repurchase of shares                    (51,313)              *              –            –                 –         (51,313)
  Issue of new shares pursuant to
     the Restricted Share Award
     Scheme                                     –              (2)             –             –                –              (2)
  Dividends recognised as
     distribution                        (150,000)              –              –             –                –       (150,000)
  Recognition of equity-settled
     share-bases payment (Note 39)              –               –        47,285              –                –         47,285
  Forfeiture of equity-settled share-
     based payment (Note 39(b))                 –               –           (847)         847                 –               –
  Vesting of restricted shares
     (Note 39)                            65,940               1         (65,941)            –                –               –

  At 31 December 2024                   8,768,724              (3)       66,089       (411,343)        (666,572)     7,756,895
  Loss for the year                             –               –             –     (1,017,985)               –     (1,017,985)

  Loss and total comprehensive
    expense for the year                        –               –              –    (1,017,985)               –     (1,017,985)
  Repurchase of shares                    (90,746)              –              –             –                –        (90,746)
  Recognition of equity-settled
    share-bases payment (Note 39)               –               –        28,541              –                –         28,541
  Vesting of restricted shares
    (Note 39)                             29,978                *        (29,978)            –                –               –

  At 31 December 2025                   8,707,956              (3)       64,652     (1,429,328)        (666,572)     6,676,705

  *       The amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                        Annual Report 2025        Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      48. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
           Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group also entered into
           the following non-cash transactions:

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group entered into new lease agreements for HRC
           Fertility Management for the use of leased properties for 10.5 and 10 years respectively. On the lease
           commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB97,628,098 and
           RMB97,628,098.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the consideration of the investment in Jincheng Hongda with
           amount of RMB84,303,000, accounted as equity instrument at FVTOCI, was utilised by the prepayment
           on acquisition of equity interests.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for Jinxin
           Investment Group Limited for 3 years without extension options. On the lease commencements, the
           Group recognised RMB6,023,000 of right-of-use assets and RMB6,023,000 lease liabilities.

      49. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
           The Group has been involved in legal proceedings and claims during the current period that arise in
           the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute claims brought by
           the former patients or employees over the past few years.

           The Group has been vigorously defending these legal proceedings and claims. The Directors believe that
           the final outcome of these outstanding legal proceedings and claims will not have a material impact on
           the financial position or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined
           with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no material provision has been made
           regarding these legal proceedings and claims during the current period.




240   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          Definitions



In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context otherwise
requires:

“2022 Contractual Arrangements”             the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
                                            entered into by, among others, Jinxin Medical Investment, the
                                            Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and
                                            Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Jinxin Women
                                            and Child Hospital details of which are described in the Company’s
                                            announcement dated November 26, 2021

“2022 Share Award Scheme”                   the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted
                                            by the Company on February 17, 2022 and amended by the
                                            Company on June 25, 2024, the principal terms of which are
                                            summarized in the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024

“2025 Share Scheme”                         the 2025 share scheme adopted by the Company on December
                                            5, 2025, the principal terms of which are summarized in the
                                            circular of the Company dated November 19, 2025

“AGM”                                       annual general meeting of the Company

“ARC”                                       Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助
                                            生育中心有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with
                                            limited liability on May 3, 2011, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

“ARS”                                       assisted reproductive service(s)

“Articles of Association”                   the articles of association of the Company (as amended from
                                            time to time)

“Audit and Risk Management Committee”       the audit and risk management committee of the Board

“Board” or “Board of Directors”             the board of Directors of the Company

“BVI”                                       British Virgin Islands

“Cayman Islands Companies Law“              the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap.
                                            22 (Law 3 of 1961), as amended or supplemented or otherwise
                                            modified from time to time

“CG Code”                                   the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to
                                            the Listing Rules

“Chairman”                                  the Chairman of the Board




                                                               Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   241
      Definitions




      “Chengdu Xinan Clinic”                           Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd* (成都錦江西囡診所有限公
                                                       司) (previously known as Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
                                                       Co., Ltd. (成都西囡婦科醫院有限公司)), a company established
                                                       in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited liability on
                                                       November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

      “China”, “Mainland China” or the “PRC”           the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of
                                                       this annual report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative
                                                       Region and Taiwan

      “Company”, “Jinxin Fertility”, “we” or “our” Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司*),
                                                   previously known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited,
                                                   an exempted company established in the Cayman Islands with
                                                   limited liability on May 3, 2018

      “Contractual Arrangements”                       the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                                                       Arrangements, the 2021 Contractual Arrangements, the 2022
                                                       Contractual Arrangements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                                                       Hospital Contractual Arrangements

      “Director(s)”                                    the director(s) of the Company

      “ECL”                                            Impairment under expected credit loss

      “EIT”                                            PRC Enterprise Income Tax

      “ESOP”                                           collectively the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, the 2022 Share Award
                                                       Scheme, the 2025 Share Scheme and the Share Option Scheme

      “Group”                                          the Company and its subsidiaries

      “HK$” or “HKD”                                   Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hewanjia Hospital”                              Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital
                                                       Co.,Ltd.* (昆明錦欣和萬家婦產醫院有限公司), a company
                                                       established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                                                       January 15, 2014 and a subsidiary of the Group

      “Hong Kong”                                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “HRC Fertility”                                  HRC Management and HRC Medical

      “HRC Investment”                                 HRC Investment Holding, LLC, a limited liability company
                                                       established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                                       June 2, 2017, the Group’s substantial shareholder




242   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      Definitions




“HRC Management”                        HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company
                                        established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                        November 3, 2015, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

“HRC Medical”                           Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                        corporation established under the laws of California, the United
                                        States on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company
                                        by virtue of being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr.
                                        Bradford A. Kolb and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics
                                        and three IVF laboratories in California which it owns

“IASB”                                  International Accounting Standards Board

“ICSI”                                  intracytoplasmic sperm injection

“IFRS”                                  International Financial Reporting Standards

“IUI”                                   intrauterine insemination

“IVF”                                   in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are
                                        incubated together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system
                                        to achieve pregnancy

“Jincheng Hongda”                       Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd

“Jinjiang District Maternity and        Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital
  Child Health Hospital”                (成都市錦江區婦幼保健院), a non-profit maternity and child
                                        healthcare hospital established in the PRC in 1954, the IVF
                                        center of which is jointly managed by the Group

“Jinxin Aijian”                         Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd.

“Jinrun Fude”                           Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited
                                        (成都錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司), a limited liability company
                                        established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                                        May 9, 2018, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of contractual
                                        arrangements

“Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders”   two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan
                                        Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan

“Jinxin Fertility BVI”                  JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited, a limited liability
                                        company established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
                                        on November 13, 2017, the Company’s substantial shareholder




                                                          Annual Report 2025   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   243
      Definitions




      “Jinxin Medical Group”                           Jinxin Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and its
                                                       subsidiaries

      “Jinxin Medical Investment”                      Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有限
                                                       公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                                       limited liability, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2022
                                                       Contractual Arrangements

      “Jinxin Women Group”                             Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries

      “Jinxin Women Wellness Limited”                  Jinxin Women Wellness Limited, a company established under
                                                       the laws of BVI with limited liability on July 1, 2021, the Group’s
                                                       indirect subsidiary and wholly owns the RHC and the ARC

      “Jiuzhou Hospital”                               Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九州醫院
                                                       有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC
                                                       with limited liability on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of
                                                       the Group

      “Jinyi Hongkang”                                 Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co, Ltd.*
                                                       (成都錦逸弘康企業管理有限公司), a limited liability company
                                                       established under the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary
                                                       by virtue of the 2022 Contractual Arrangements

      “Jinyi Hongkang Registered                       two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Dr. Lyu
        Shareholders”                                  Rong and Mr. Xu Jun

      “Kangseed Investment”                            a minority shareholding interest investment by the Group in the
                                                       holding company of a company primarily operating an App for
                                                       online health management for women

      “Laos”                                           Lao People’s Democratic Republic

      “Listing”                                        the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
                                                       on June 25, 2019

      “Listing Date”                                   June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed
                                                       on the Main Board

      “Listing Rules”                                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
                                                       Exchange, as amended or supplemented from time to time




244   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                Definitions




“MDT”                            multidisciplinary team

“Main Board”                     Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Morula”                         PT Morula Indonesia

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                 Issuers contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Molecular Genetics Services”    medical services involving molecular genetics (分子遺傳)

“MSA”                            the amended and restated management services agreement
                                 dated January 22, 2019 pursuant to which HRC Management
                                 provided non-medical management services to HRC Medical

“OPU”                            oocyte pick up cycle

“Overseas”                       Greater China, the U.S.A. and Laos

“PGT”                            preimplantation genetic testing

“Physician Shareholders”         Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Daniel A. Potter, Dr. Jane L. Frederick,
                                 Dr. David Tourgeman, Dr. Bradford A. Kolb, Dr. John G. Wilcox,
                                 Dr. Jeffrey Nelson and Dr. Robert Boostanfar, each a certified
                                 physician in California, United States, and ultimate beneficial
                                 shareholder of HRC Investment, and all of them together are
                                 connected persons of our Company by virtue of being our
                                 substantial Shareholders

“Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital”   Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成都西囡婦科醫院),
                                 a privately funded non-enterprise entity (民辦非企業單位)
                                 established on March 31, 2010, predecessor of Chengdu Xinan
                                 Hospital

“Prospectus”                     the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

“R&D”                            research and development

“Relevant Share Schemes”         all the share schemes of the Company involving the grant of
                                 options and/or awards as adopted by the Company from time
                                 to time (including the 2022 Share Award Scheme and the 2025
                                 Share Scheme)




                                                   Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   245
      Definitions




      “Renminbi” or “RMB”                              Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Reporting Period”                               the twelve-month period from January 1, 2025 to December
                                                       31, 2025

      “RHC”                                            Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (香港生育康健中
                                                       心有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited
                                                       liability on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary, and
                                                       is operated under the brand name Gratia Medical Centre

      “RSU”                                            a restricted share unit award granted to a participant under the
                                                       RSU Scheme

      “RSU Scheme”                                     the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                                       Company on February 15, 2019, the principal terms of which are
                                                       summarized in “RSU Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus

      “Restricted Shares”                              any Shares that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                                       Eligible Participant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award
                                                       Scheme

      “SFO”                                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                                       Hong Kong)

      “Share(s)”                                       ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal
                                                       value of US$0.00001 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                                 holder(s) of Share(s)

      “Share Option Scheme”                            the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company
                                                       on June 3, 2019, the principal terms of which are summarized in
                                                       “Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus

      “Shenzhen Hengyu”                                Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                                                       (深圳市恒裕聯翔投資發展有限公司), a company established in
                                                       Shenzhen, the PRC with limited liability, the Group’s indirect
                                                       subsidiary

      “Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”                    Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital*
                                                       (深圳中山婦產醫院) (previously known as Shenzhen Zhongshan
                                                       Urological Hospital (深圳市中山泌尿外科醫院)), a company
                                                       established in Shenzhen, PRC with limited liability on May 18,
                                                       2004, the Group’s indirect subsidiary that is a for-profit specialty
                                                       hospital




246   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     Definitions




“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”            Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦
                                      欣生殖醫療管理有限公司), previously known as Chengdu Jinde
                                      Corporate Management Company Limited (成都錦德企業管理有
                                      限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                      limited liability on September 12, 2016, our indirect subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management”   Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management Co., Ltd* (四川錦欣醫療
                                      管理有限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited
                                      liability on December 8, 2021, the Group’s subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”       collectively, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) and
                                      Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital        the campus of Chengdu Xinan Clinic located on Bisheng Road
  (Bisheng Campus)”                   in Jinjiang District of Chengdu, which merged its ARS-related
                                      medical license with that of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
                                      Campus) in April 2023 to become part of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
                                      Hospital

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital        Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Jingxiu
  (Jingxiu Campus)”                   Campus)* (四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院靜秀院區) (previously
                                      known as Sichuan Jinxin Women and Children Hospital Co.,
                                      Ltd. (四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院有限公司)), a company established
                                      under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on December 9,
                                      2016 that is a for profit women and children hospital, the fertility
                                      center of which was jointly managed by the Group

“Stock Exchange”                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“success rate”                        the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for
                                      discussion in the Prospectus and this annual report

“U.S.”, “US”, or “United States”      the United States of America

“U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$” or “USD”    United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States
                                      of America

“VIE”                                 variable interest entity

“VIE Entities”                        the entities that we control certain percentage of their shareholding
                                      through the Contractual Arrangements which comprised, as at
                                      the date of this annual report, Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen
                                      Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
                                      Campus), Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital




                                                         Annual Report 2025    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   247
      Definitions




      “WP Partnership”                                 WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership (Limited
                                                       Partnership), a comprehensive investment fund

      “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                          Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital
                                                       Co,. Ltd (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company
                                                       established in PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006,
                                                       the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      In this annual report, the terms “associate”, “associated corporation”, “connected person”, “controlling
      shareholder” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the
      context otherwise requires.

      *    For identification purpose only




248   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2025
