                                        Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                                           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                             *                                                                        *
（根據開曼群島法律註冊成立的有限公司）                                                      (Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

股份代號：01951                                                               Stock Code: 01951




                                          錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司



                                 2026                                                                                                                     2026
                                 中期報告                                                                                                                 Interim Report




                                        Interim Report 2026 中期報告



* 僅供識別                                                                   * For identification purposes only
Contents
Page


 2     Company Profile                      46   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                  Financial Position
 3     Corporate Information
                                            48   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
 5     Financial Highlights
                                                  Changes in Equity
 6     Management Discussion and Analysis
                                            50   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
29     Other Information                          Cash Flows
43     Report on Review of Condensed        52   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
        Consolidated Financial Statements         Financial Statements
44     Condensed Consolidated Statement     87   Definitions
        of Profit or Loss and Other
        Comprehensive Income
    Company Profile



    Jinxin Fertility (Stock Code: 1951) is a specialized, globally influential provider of integrated assisted reproduction
    and women’s health management services, headquartered in Chengdu with its southern headquarters in
    Shenzhen. Its medical institutions are located across Mainland China, Hong Kong, the United States and
    Southeast Asia. In Mainland China, it owns and operates Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus),
    Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus), Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital
    (formerly “Shenzhen Zhongshan Urology Hospital”), Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics
    Hospital, Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital,
    and provides management services to a number of assisted reproduction centres; in Hong Kong, it owns
    Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (operating under the brand name “Gratia Medical Centre”)
    and Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited; and in the United States, it manages HRC Medical
    (a reproductive center affiliated with Keck Medicine of USC).

    According to the White Paper on the Development Status and Future Trends of China’s Assisted Reproduction
    Industry (2026) issued by Frost & Sullivan, a globally renowned consulting firm, Jinxin Fertility is China’s
    largest assisted reproduction service provider as measured by the number of oocyte retrieval cycles in 2025,
    with its Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital ranking first in western China with 14,070 oocyte retrieval cycles.

    To date, Jinxin Fertility has cumulatively completed over 300,000 oocyte retrieval cycles. Backed by 75 years
    of experience in women’s and children’s healthcare and 25 years of experience in assisted reproductive
    services, the medical institutions of Jinxin Fertility enjoy significant advantages in terms of IVF success rate,
    medical quality, patient experience, operational management and technological innovation, and have built
    a strong reputation among patients. With assisted reproduction at its core, Jinxin Fertility actively expands
    its products and services across the full fertility lifecycle, and is committed to providing patients with the
    highest-quality integrated fertility services while supporting the healthy development of the national population.




2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                        Corporate Information



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                          Mr. Wang Xiaobo (Chairman)
                                             Dr. Lyu Rong
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer and
                                             Dr. Chong Yat Keung
  Acting Chief Financial Officer)
                                             Mr. Ye Changqing
Dr. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Geng Lihong
                                             STRATEGIC DECISIONS COMMITTEE
Non-executive Directors                      Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                    Mr. Dong Yang
Ms. Hu Zhe                                   Dr. Li Jianwei
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                             Mr. Chen Shuyun
Mr. Chen Shuyun
                                             MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
Independent Non-executive Directors          R&D COMMITTEE
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                          Dr. Geng Lihong (Chairman)
Dr. Li Jianwei                               Dr. Chong Yat Keung
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Ye Changqing                             COMPANY SECRETARY
                                             Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona
AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
COMMITTEE                                    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)
                                             Mr. Dong Yang
Dr. Chong Yat Keung
                                             Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona
Ms. Hu Zhe
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Chen Shuyun
                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
                                             Vistra (Cayman) Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                       P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
                                             Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)
                                             Grand Cayman
Mr. Dong Yang
                                             KY1-1205
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                             Cayman Islands
Mr. Ye Changqing
Mr. Chen Shuyun




                                                   Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL                             AUDITOR
    PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    No. 301, North Jingsha Road                            Certified Public Accountants
    Jinjiang District, Chengdu                             Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Sichuan, China                                         35/F One Pacific Place
                                                           88 Queensway
    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                            Hong Kong

    IN HONG KONG
                                                           STOCK CODE
    Unit No. 1907B
    Level 19, International Commerce Centre,               1951
    1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
    Hong Kong                                              COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                                           www.jxr-fertility.com
    CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
    REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    OFFICE
    Vistra (Cayman) Limited
    P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
    Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
    Grand Cayman
    KY1-1205
    Cayman Islands

    HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
    Limited
    Shops 1712-1716
    17/F, Hopewell Centre
    183 Queen’s Road East
    Wanchai
    Hong Kong

    HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
    Fangda Partners
    26/F, One Exchange Square
    8 Connaught Place
    Central
    Hong Kong




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                       Financial Highlights




                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000                            Change
                                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)


 Operating results
 Revenue                                                               1,373,300              1,288,587                    6.6%
 Gross profit                                                            513,300                391,409                   31.1%
 Profit (loss) before taxation                                           155,276             (1,088,500)                    N/A
 Profit (loss) for the period                                            110,320             (1,044,120)                    N/A
 Adjusted net profit (1)                                                 148,008                 82,298                   79.8%
 Profitability
 Gross profit margin                                                       37.4%                   30.4%
 Net profit margin                                                          8.0%                  -81.0%
 Adjusted net profit margin                                                10.8%                    6.4%


                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                       June 30,          December 31,
                                                                          2026                  2025
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000                     Change
                                                                    (unaudited)              (audited)


 Financial position
 Total assets                                                        13,822,634              13,963,131                   -1.0%
 Total equity                                                         8,963,801               9,198,821                   -2.6%
 Total liabilities                                                    4,858,833               4,764,310                    2.0%
 Bank balances and cash                                                 759,605                 905,782                  -16.1%

(1)   Non-IFRS adjusted net profit for the six months ended June 30, 2026 is calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period,
      excluding (i) ESOP expenses; (ii) amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses, non-compete agreements, and
      property, plant and equipment, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, all of which arise from acquisitions. Non-IFRS
      adjusted net profit for the six months ended June 30, 2025 is calculated on the same basis and included adjustments for
      (i) ESOP expenses; (ii) amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses, non-compete agreements, and property,
      plant and equipment, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, all of which arise from acquisitions; (iii) impairment of
      goodwill and certain intangible assets related to the Group’s business in the United States and Laos; (iv) impairment losses
      recognized under the expected credit loss model in respect of certain financial assets; (v) a one-off contribution to Jinjiang
      District Maternity and Child Health Hospital which the Group co-manages under the IOT agreement; (vi) depreciation of
      renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, which arises from the re-evaluation of
      the hospital’s lease schedule.




                                                                           Interim Report 2026      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     5
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    INDUSTRY TRENDS AND OUTLOOK
    Since the birth of the world’s first in-vitro fertilization (IVF) baby in 1978, assisted reproductive technology
    (ART) has undergone nearly half a century of development. The focus of industry development has gradually
    shifted from addressing whether infertility patients can access treatment to how medical quality, treatment
    accessibility and ultimate birth outcomes can be further improved. In recent years, artificial intelligence,
    precision diagnosis and treatment, and digital patient management have continued to drive improvements
    in industry efficiency, while expanded coverage for medical expenses has further lowered the economic
    threshold for patients to access assisted reproductive medical services.

    A global health economics study covering 22 countries and regions, published at the 2026 Annual Meeting
    of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE), showed a significant correlation
    between patients’ out-of-pocket treatment costs and ART utilization rates. The research model indicated
    that when patients’ out-of-pocket costs were reduced by approximately 50%, the number of ART births was
    associated with an approximately 2.67 times increase. The study also showed that treatment affordability
    can explain a considerable portion of the differences in ART utilization rates across countries and regions.
    These findings further confirm that economic accessibility is one of the important factors affecting whether
    potential patients are able to enter the assisted reproduction treatment system.

    In view of this global trend, together with the changes in policies, payment mechanism and industry competition
    observed by the Group in its two core markets of China and the United States, the Group believes that the
    following four trends hold significant long-term potential.

    Trend 1 | United States: Phased implementation of California SB 729, with improved
    insurance coverage expected to unlock potential IVF demand
    California SB 729 entered the implementation phase on January 1, 2026. According to the relevant legal
    arrangements, eligible large group health insurance plans regulated by California state law are required to
    cover the diagnosis and treatment of infertility, including IVF, and provide coverage for up to three completed
    oocyte retrievals and an unlimited number of embryo transfers. The actual effective date of coverage will be
    phased in according to the new signing or renewal dates of different group insurance plans.

    SB 729 also expanded the scope of infertility-related coverage, providing a payment foundation for more
    people with fertility needs to access assisted reproductive medical services. As eligible insurance plans
    are renewed successively in 2026, commercial health insurance coverage for IVF treatment is expected to
    improve gradually.

    The Group believes that, as California is one of the markets in the United States with a relatively concentrated
    population and assisted reproductive medical resources, the improvement in the payment environment has
    created favorable conditions for the medium- and long-term development of the local assisted reproduction
    industry. The Group will continue to monitor the commercial adoption velocity and actual roll-out schedule
    of insurance mandates, changes in patient payment structures and treatment demand, and will prudently
    capitalize on these emerging opportunities based on its medical network and operational capabilities.




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



Trend 2 | China: Fertility support policies continue to improve, with assisted reproduction
becoming an important part of the fertility and reproductive health support system
The Outline of the 15th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People’s
Republic of China, released in 2026, expressly sets out the need to improve the population development
strategy with a focus on addressing aging population and declining birth rates, establish a population service
system covering all people and the full life cycle, strengthen fertility preservation, promote the standardized
and orderly application of assisted reproductive technologies, and enhance medical expense coverage for
related services.

The National Health “15th Five-Year” Plan further proposes strengthening fertility protection, standardizing
diagnosis and treatment services for infertility, regulating the management and application of assisted
reproductive technologies, and enhancing medical expense coverage for appropriate assisted reproductive
technologies. This marks the first time that reproductive health has been incorporated into the core of the
fertility support policy under the Plan, integrating both public health service planning with medical service
planning. The Group believes that reproductive health and fertility-related medical services remain an important
area supported by policy initiatives to enhance service capabilities.

At the same time, the policy requires reproductive health services to cover all people and the full life cycle.
This indicates that China’s fertility and reproductive health policy system is extending from single-disease
treatment to a more comprehensive service system encompassing fertility preservation, infertility diagnosis
and treatment, assisted reproduction, and pregnancy and birth health management. The service objective
is shifting from disease treatment to proactive health management, while the growth logic is shifting from
scale expansion to quality and efficiency prioritization.

The Group believes that factors such as delayed childbearing age, the burden of infertility, patients’ willingness
to seek treatment, and treatment affordability jointly determine actual medical demand. In particular, against
the backdrop of continuous improvement in medical expense coverage for assisted reproduction, part of
the unmet demand due to economic constraints is expected to gradually translate into addressable medical
demand.

The Plan provides top-level policy support for the Group’s 2026-2030 strategic advancement. By extending
the service time span, broadening service scenarios and expanding the boundaries of family customer
relationships, the Group is fully aligned with the national direction of full-cycle health services and the policy
objective of building a complete closed loop of “successful conception, healthy pregnancy, safe delivery and
quality childcare.” Accordingly, the Group’s work in the first half of the year was not limited to advancing
individual projects, but focused on building systematic competitive capabilities in an era of rising penetration
rates.




                                                                 Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    Trend 3 | China: Industry competition is gradually shifting from license-based
    competition to competition in medical capabilities and large-scale operational
    capabilities
    As the number of assisted reproductive medical institutions increases, the basis of industry competition is
    changing. According to the “2026 White Paper on the Current Status and Future Trends of China’s Assisted
    Reproduction Industry” released by Frost & Sullivan, the Chinese assisted reproduction market continues
    to present significant growth potential, driven by factors such as the increasing proportion of infertility at
    advanced maternal age and rising treatment penetration rates1, and the market size is projected to reach
    approximately RMB63.0 billion by 2030.

    At the same time, supply in the industry remains relatively fragmented. Relevant industry research shows that
    there are currently fewer than 20 licensed institutions nationwide capable of performing over 5,000 oocyte
    retrieval cycles per year. Three of the Group’s facilities in China have already exceeded this scale, while a
    fourth facility is approaching this threshold. As a result, the Group accounts for approximately 20% of China’s
    large-scale assisted reproduction centres. Although the number of licensed institutions continues to increase,
    institutions that can simultaneously establish large-scale clinical service, standardized laboratory quality
    control systems, diagnosis and treatment of complex cases, and continuous patient service remain limited.

    This means that the focus of competition in the assisted reproduction industry is gradually shifting from
    merely obtaining licenses to holistic execution across medical quality, laboratory capabilities, talent systems,
    patient management, and large-scale operational efficiency. According to relevant industry research by Frost
    & Sullivan, the Group’s number of domestic oocyte retrieval cycles in 2025 (excluding overseas cycles) ranked
    first in the nation. Scale itself is not equivalent to medical quality, but a large case base, continuous clinical
    practice, and a standardized quality management system are conducive to the Group further accumulating
    clinical experience, improving its capabilities for diagnosing and treating complex cases and enhancing the
    efficiency of medical resource allocation.

    The Group will continue to consolidate its existing regional advantages through clinical specialty capability
    building, laboratory quality management, talent development, and inter-hospital collaboration, and will strive
    to increase its market share as the industry further concentrates towards high-quality medical supply.

    Trend 4 | User Demand: Shifting from completing a single treatment to pursuing more
    stable ultimate birth outcomes
    As the channels through which patients obtain medical information increase, their judgment of assisted
    reproductive medical services is also becoming more comprehensive.

    The success rate of a single treatment cycle remains an important indicator, but more patients are beginning
    to focus on whether the entire treatment process can lead to a stable and reliable birth outcome. Therefore,
    integrated medical services—from pre-pregnancy assessment, ovulation induction and oocyte retrieval,
    embryo culture and transfer to pregnancy follow-up—and indicators such as cumulative live birth rates that
    can reflect the complete treatment process, are receiving more attention.




    1
         “Penetration rate” refers to the percentage of patients with demand for ARS who ultimately receive treatment. Source:
         Frost & Sullivan, White Paper on the Development Status and Future Trends of China’s Assisted Reproduction Industry
         (2026), published in March 2026.


8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                         Management Discussion and Analysis



Changes in patient demand have placed higher requirements on medical institutions: medical services not only
need to provide individual technical steps but also require collaborative capabilities among clinical, laboratory,
and patient management functions, and the ability to formulate individualized diagnosis and treatment plans
based on the patient’s age, ovarian reserve, medical history, and treatment response.

The Group will continue to invest in its full-cycle patient management system, clinical quality management, and
digital capability building, striving to improve the consistency of medical services and patient experience, and
build long-term patient trust through more stable and predictable medical services. This trend also provides
a foundation for the Group to develop a longer-term patient value model and expand service offerings across
the patient’s reproductive health journey.

REGULATORY OUTLOOK
Overall, the Group maintains a cautiously optimistic view on the medium- and long-term development of the
assisted reproduction medical industry in China and the United States.

The Group’s growth assessment is not based on the single assumption of a rebound in the birth population.
In comparison, the unlocking demand brought by improvements in payment mechanism, the concentration
of patients towards high-quality medical supply, and the shift in industry competition from licenses to
comprehensive medical and operational capabilities may become more important structural drivers in the future.

In the United States, the expansion of insurance coverage is lowering the economic barriers for some patients
to access assisted reproduction treatment; in China, assisted reproduction is gradually being incorporated
into a more complete fertility support and medical security system. At the same time, patients are placing
higher demands on stable medical outcomes, the ability to diagnose and treat complex cases, and a complete
service experience.

These changes do not mean that industry growth will show a simple linear trend, but they are expected
to further strengthen the competitive advantages of high-quality medical resources and leading platforms.

The Group will adhere to medical quality and ultimate patient birth outcomes as its core, and by continuously
enhancing clinical capabilities, laboratory quality, patient services, and large-scale operational efficiency, it will
seize the long-term development opportunities brought by improvements in payment systems and increased
industry concentration and strive to continuously increase its market share and long-term value in a market
environment full of structural changes.




                                                                   Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     BUSINESS UPDATES
     Key Operating Information
     The following operating data have been provided by the Group’s in-network hospitals and by hospitals and
     clinics managed under IOT agreements or management service agreements (“MSA”). IOT/MSA institutions
     refer to hospitals and clinics controlled by the Group through discipline co-construction and cooperation
     agreements and management service agreements.

     Operating data as at June 30, 2026


                                                                                       Unit: RMB million             Year-on-year comparison
                                                                                            Revenue
                                                                                        derived from
                                                                                             Medical
                                                                                            Services
                                                                                                                                    Revenue
                                                             Number                                                     Number       derived
                                                               of IVF                                                     of IVF       from
                                             Number of     treatment    Self-owned          IOT/MSA                   treatment      Medical
     Region                                 Institutions       cycles   institutions      institutions      Total         cycles    Services


     Chengdu                                          3        6,724          551.2             181.5       732.7         -5.4%        -1.6%
       ARS and related businesses                                             314.9              72.9       387.8                      -4.8%
       Women health related services and
         other business                                                       110.2              58.7       168.9                     10.5%
       Obstetrics and related business                                        126.1              49.9       176.0                     -4.5%

     Greater Bay Area                                 3        2,562          213.4                 –       213.4         0.9%         3.6%
       ARS and related businesses                                             170.5                         170.5                      2.9%
       Women health related services and
          other business                                                       34.3                          34.3                     -1.8%
       Obstetrics and related business                                          8.5                           8.5                     64.3%

     Kunming and Wuhan                                3        2,377          137.3                 –       137.3        15.4%         4.8%
       ARS and related businesses                                             103.5                         103.5                      3.9%
       Women health related services and
         other business                                                        29.0                          29.0                      3.4%
       Obstetrics and related business                                          4.8                           4.8                     44.0%

     Overseas                                        14        2,990          101.9             395.8       497.7        42.4%        22.8%
       ARS and related businesses                                             101.9             395.8       497.7                     22.8%


     Total                                           23       14,653        1,003.7             577.3      1,581.0        6.1%         6.3%
       ARS and related businesses                                             690.9             468.7      1,159.6                     7.5%
       Women health related services and
          other business                                                      173.5              58.7       232.3                       7.6%
       Obstetrics and related business                                        139.3              49.9       189.2                      -1.8%


10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        Interim Report 2026
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



Operating data as at June 30, 2025


                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                 Revenue
                                                                                                            derived from
                                                                                                                  Medical
                                                                             Number of                           Services
                                                                Number of IVF treatment    Self-owned           IOT/MSA
Region                                                          Institutions      cycles   institutions      institutions       Total


Chengdu                                                                 3         7,111         558.2              186.2       744.4
  ARS and related businesses                                                                    331.5               75.8       407.3
  Women health related services and other business                                               95.8               57.1       152.9
  Obstetrics and related business                                                               130.9               53.3       184.2

Greater Bay Area                                                        3         2,539         205.9                  –       205.9
  ARS and related businesses                                                                    165.8                          165.8
  Women health related services and other business                                               35.0                           35.0
  Obstetrics and related business                                                                 5.2                            5.2

Kunming and Wuhan                                                       3         2,059         131.0                  –       131.0
  ARS and related businesses                                                                     99.7                           99.7
  Women health related services and other business                                               28.1                           28.1
  Obstetrics and related business                                                                 3.3                            3.3

Overseas                                                               14         2,099           76.7             328.7       405.4
  ARS and related businesses                                                                      76.7             328.7       405.4


Total                                                                  23        13,808         971.8              514.9      1,486.8
  ARS and related businesses                                                                    673.6              404.5      1,078.2
  Women health related services and other business                                              158.8               57.1        215.9
  Obstetrics and related business                                                               139.4               53.3        192.7

Notes:

(1)      The revenue from IOT/MSA organizations in the operating data is the reported revenue of the hospitals, which has not
         been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated statements. The consolidated revenue of the Group is the management
         fee received from IOT/MSA organizations, which amounted to approximately RMB303.4 million for the six months ended
         June 30, 2026, compared to approximately RMB252.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.

(2)      The above operating data does not include non-medical institutions.




                                                                            Interim Report 2026     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Revenue breakdown
     In the first half of 2026, the Company is undergoing a strategic transformation of its revenue structure —
     from relying solely on assisted reproduction revenue to a diversified revenue model driven by the synergy
     of multiple businesses, with assisted reproduction at its core, complemented by women’s health services,
     obstetrics, and others. The business segments extended naturally based on patient needs, forming deep
     synergies in clinical pathways and service chains.

     Using the Chengdu campus as an example, we have pioneered the creation of a full-cycle reproductive health
     service in China, covering pre-conception, infertility, and reproduction. In the first half of 2026, we launched
     a host of new specialized services, including a pre-conception center, an infertility center, a fetal medicine
     and genetics center, and a specialized IVF-integrated maternity care service. This allowed us to achieve
     an integrated, multidisciplinary, one-stop diagnosis and treatment pathway for patients within the hospital,
     thereby retaining patient groups from the front end to the back end. Its advantages are:

     ①    Increasing patient lifetime value: A closed loop of “fertility assistance → childbirth → postpartum →
          menopause” has been established, which not only enhances the delivery of outcomes for the core
          demand of assisted reproduction patients — a healthy baby — but also greatly extends the service
          period for patients.

     ②    Opening up long-term valuation space: We are gradually transforming from a “specialized assisted
          reproduction hospital” to a “women’s health service group with reproductive health at its core.” The
          synergistic effects between business segments will support our sustainable, high-quality growth in the
          medium and long term, as continuously verified by operating information.

     Assisted Reproduction and Related Revenue
     In the first half of 2026, the Group’s assisted reproduction and related businesses generated medical revenue
     of RMB1,159.6 million, including the full revenue contribution from IOT- and MSA-managed institutions,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 7.5%. Such revenue accounted for more than 70% of the Group’s
     total medical revenue, making it a dual pillar of the Company’s revenue and profit.

     The penetration rate 2 of China’s assisted reproduction industry (approximately 8%-10%) still has several-fold
     room for improvement compared to developed countries in Europe and America (approximately 30%-35%).
     With the continuous strengthening of fertility support policies and the expansion of medical insurance coverage,
     the industry’s penetration rate is on an accelerated upward trajectory, and the assisted reproduction business
     still possesses definite medium- and long-term growth opportunities.

     The Company has long maintained a leading position in assisted reproduction diagnosis and treatment in
     China, with its market share ranking at the forefront in core regions such as Sichuan, Shenzhen, Yunnan,
     and California. The sustained lead in clinical success rates has built a solid competitive barrier.




     2
          “Penetration rate” refers to the percentage of patients with demand for ARS who ultimately receive treatment. Source:
          Frost & Sullivan, White Paper on the Development Status and Future Trends of China’s Assisted Reproduction Industry
          (2026), published in March 2026.


12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



1.   High-end and Differentiated Services
     The VIP services at the Chengdu campus have entered a mature operational phase, with service premium
     capabilities continuously strengthening. In the first half of 2026, the VIP penetration rate at the Chengdu
     Bisheng Campus reached 21.7%, a year-on-year increase of approximately 1 percentage point, and
     the average revenue per user increased by 6% year-on-year to RMB71,000.

     Since the Shenzhen campus became fully operational in the second quarter of 2026, its high-net-worth
     business has shown initial success in the first half of 2026, leveraging 40 years of medical technology
     accumulation and hardware upgrades at the new campus. In addition to a significant 32.5% increase
     in initial infertility consultations, the VIP penetration rate increased by 6.9 percentage points year-on-
     year to 9.2%, and the number of initial consultation patients from Hong Kong increased by 62% year-
     on-year. In the future, leveraging the geographical advantages of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
     Greater Bay Area, it will focus on developing VIP and international business, and its high net-worth
     business is expected to grow rapidly.

2.   Breakthroughs in Cutting-edge Technology and Expansion of Demand
     In the first half of 2026, the first baby conceived using IVM (in-vitro maturation of oocytes) technology
     was born at the Chengdu campus. Through the usage of this technology, women with relevant indications
     can significantly reduce or potentially avoid conventional ovulation induction, with immature oocytes
     being matured in vitro before use in assisted reproduction. This is not only a major technological
     breakthrough but also means the Company can provide safer and more economical treatment options
     for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and ovarian hyper-response. The relevant technical
     specifications will also be promoted and applied across the Group’s various campuses, which will open
     up new incremental sub-markets. In the future, as this technology becomes more widespread, it is
     expected to significantly reduce the burden of oocyte cryopreservation for fertility preservation patients.

     In addition to the expected strong growth in its IVF business, the Shenzhen campus provides more
     precise diagnosis and treatment services for patients with immune-related diseases, solving difficult
     cases and thereby improving success rates, building a brand for its reproductive immunology specialty.

     HRC Medical pioneered needle-free technology in 2025, effectively alleviating the pain of repeated
     injections for patients undergoing ovulation induction treatment. Furthermore, since the acquisition of the
     Keck Hospital of USC in 2021, HRC Medical has continuously deepened its scientific research collaboration
     and physician training with USC, laying a solid foundation for clinical technology breakthroughs and
     physician reserves. Several new physicians are expected to join the HRC Group in the second half
     of 2026, continuing to consolidate HRC’s position as a leading physician group in the United States.

     HRC Fertility has leveraged its clinical excellence, extensive patient base, advanced laboratory
     infrastructure, and longstanding commitment to innovation to establish itself as a premier clinical research
     partner in reproductive medicine. Supported by its strategic affiliation with Keck Medicine of USC, HRC
     has entered into, and expects to continue entering into, clinical trials and research collaborations with
     leading biotechnology and life sciences organizations, including Gameto, Granata Bio, May Health,
     and Premier Research. These partnerships support the advancement of novel fertility therapies, IVF
     technologies, fertility preservation solutions, and reproductive health innovations, further strengthening
     HRC Fertility’s position as a leader in fertility care and scientific advancement.




                                                                Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     3.   Further Strengthening Genetic Technology Barriers
          In recent years, the number of patients of advanced maternal age and patients with difficult and
          complex conditions has continued to increase, with the average patient age increased by 5 years since
          the Group’s initial public offering, the average age of patients at the Chengdu campus and Shenzhen
          campus has reached 34.3 and 36 respectively. Patient demand has evolved from the essential need
          for infertility treatment to higher-level needs for healthy reproduction, better birth outcomes and fertility
          preservation. At the same time, patients’ expectations for achieving definitive results within a shorter
          timeframe have placed higher requirements on service efficiency and quality, driving the Company
          to continuously refine and upgrade its technologies and service models. In line with this trend, the
          Chengdu Bisheng campus has actively launched projects such as carrier screening. As of the date of
          this report, the Group had served over 3,000 third-generation IVF patients. During the Reporting Period,
          the Group completed 842 third-generation IVF cycles, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.9%,
          with a penetration rate of 16.6%. With reference to mature overseas markets, according to data from
          the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 52.4% of embryo transfers
          in the United States in 2021 involved at least one embryo that had undergone preimplantation genetic
          testing (PGT). In the first half of 2026, HRC in the U.S. completed 1,566 third-generation IVF cycles,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 45%, with a penetration rate of over 50%.

          Leveraging its strong embryo laboratory capabilities, the Company has continued to advance its
          technologies in chromosome screening and the prevention of hereditary disease transmission, further
          consolidating its positioning as a diagnosis and treatment center for difficult and complex cases.

     4.   Accelerated Ramp-up of Incubating Campuses
          In the first half of 2026, Kunming and Wuhan recorded significant growth in cycle volume. The two
          campuses completed a total of 2,377 oocyte retrieval cycles, representing a year-on-year increase
          of 15.4%, of which the Wuhan campus recorded a year-on-year increase of 42.2%. The incubating
          campuses’ marketing expense-to-revenue ratio decreased by 7.8 percentage points year-on-year, and
          the proportion of patients acquired through word-of-mouth referrals in the region showed a positive trend
          of steady year-on-year improvement, further highlighting the continued value of word-of-mouth referrals.

          The rapid growth of the business was attributable to our continued efforts to optimize the operations of
          our incubating campuses. For these campuses, we have comprehensively promoted the development of
          high-standard quality control management by establishing medical quality control inspection standards,
          focusing on key reproductive quality control data, and conducting on-site inspections and guidance
          for medical and reproductive quality control. Each campus adheres to the core value of “safety and
          quality”, and is committed to building a safe, reliable and standardized medical system for the provision
          of assisted reproductive medical services.

          Going forward, the campuses in Kunming and Wuhan will continue to deepen their operational strategies
          by allocating more resources to the in-depth maintenance of patients acquired through word-of-mouth
          referrals, the expansion of new word-of-mouth referral patients, and the establishment and optimization of
          two-way referral channels. By building a customer acquisition system centered on word-of-mouth referrals
          and fully leveraging the referral effect of existing word-of-mouth patients, the Group aims to attract
          more high-quality patients through referrals and form a virtuous cycle, thereby continuously reducing
          overall customer acquisition costs and achieving sustainable and high-quality business development.




14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



5.   Rapid Growth in Overseas Business
     In the first half of 2026, HRC in the United States completed 2,990 oocyte retrieval cycles, representing
     a significant year-on-year increase of 45.3%. Medical service revenue (including the full-scope revenue
     of MSA-affiliated entities) amounted to RMB497.7 million, while reported EBITDA reached RMB53.8
     million, successfully achieving a turnaround from loss to profit. The large corporate health insurance
     plan 3 rolled out in California in 2026 brought a huge historical growth opportunity, and thanks to precise
     forward-looking investments, we successfully handled the surge in the number of patients.

     HRC has made proactive upfront investments in expanding its facilities and medical teams over the
     past year and a half. This has made HRC one of the most competitive reproductive medical service
     providers in California, laying a favorable foundation for capturing a larger market share in the future.

     Relying on HRC Medical’s 38-year industry-renowned medical brand and its industry-leading physician
     recruitment capabilities, we continue to attract outstanding physician resources, solidify the physician
     network layout, and build core competitiveness for business development. The physician training program
     continues to expand its market influence in California. In 2026, 7 new physicians will successively join
     HRC Medical, making it one of the leading assisted reproduction physician groups in the United States
     in terms of scale.

     In terms of regional expansion, HRC Medical expanded into the San Francisco area in Northern California
     for the first time in 2025, and its flagship clinic in Beverly Hills commenced operations in September
     2025. HRC Medical has now established a comprehensive medical network centered in Los Angeles
     and extending to Northern California, namely San Francisco, and Southern California, namely San Diego.
     While continuing to expand its physician base and clinic network in an orderly manner, HRC Medical
     focused on optimizing internal operational efficiency in the first half of 2026, with particular emphasis
     on improving workforce productivity. By benchmarking the operating models across its clinics and
     drawing on best practices of leading industry peers, HRC Medical further refined its operating model by
     optimizing its staffing structure and establishing more efficient working mechanisms, thereby significantly
     reducing labor costs and substantially improving operational efficiency.

Obstetrics and Related Revenue
Driven by the combined effects of new products, technologies and regional expansion, the obstetrics
business recorded medical revenue of RMB189.2 million, including revenue from IOT-managed institutions
on a total revenue basis, which remained broadly stable as compared with the corresponding period in 2025.
The business is expected to achieve a differentiated growth trajectory going forward, with growth potential
underpinned by the successful implementation of the “IVF-integrated maternity care” model, which provides
a clear path to both volume growth and pricing enhancement.




3
     Under the SB 729 bill, large corporate health insurance plans (i.e., plans covering 100 or more employees) must cover
     the diagnosis and treatment of infertility, while small and medium-sized enterprise employers may choose to participate
     voluntarily. The insurance covers three complete oocyte pick-up (OPU) cycles and an unlimited number of embryo transfer
     cycles, and strictly prohibits differential treatment based on marital status or other personal characteristics.


                                                                       Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Taking the Chengdu campus as an example, we have taken the lead in China in developing a specialized
     IVF-integrated maternity care service. The model provides patients with an integrated, multidisciplinary and
     one-stop diagnosis and treatment pathway within the hospital, ensuring full-process management from pre-
     conception to delivery. This not only improves the success rate of ultimate birth outcomes, but also enhances
     patient retention across the full service chain. In particular, the number of prenatal care registrations for
     specialized IVF obstetrics increased by 48%, while the number of deliveries increased by 121%.

     Pricing enhancement: Maternity clients under the specialized IVF obstetrics model place greater emphasis
     on medical safety and delivery experience, and are less sensitive to medical service pricing. In the first half
     of 2026, the average price of the obstetrics segment increased year-on-year, while the average revenue per
     customer for IVF obstetrics was approximately 25% higher than that of traditional obstetrics.

     Replicability of the model: The model is highly replicable in Shenzhen, Kunming, Wuhan and other regions.
     Shenzhen commenced pilot implementation of the model upon the opening of its new campus, with the
     number of prenatal care registrations for specialized IVF obstetrics increasing by 55%. The model is expected
     to enter the full-scale replication and promotion stage in 2027.

     Women’s Health Services and Other Revenue
     Women’s health services represent an important strategic extension of the Company’s efforts to build a full-
     cycle reproductive health management system. In the first half of 2026, revenue from this segment grew by
     7.6%, including revenue from IOT-managed institutions on a total revenue basis. In particular, the Jingxiu
     Campus of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women’s and Children’s Hospital recorded year-on-year growth of up to
     18%, supported by its mature product portfolio and demonstrating strong organic growth momentum. The
     Group believes that, following the continued optimization and validation of the Chengdu model, women’s
     health services will provide a scalable source of revenue growth across other markets through the Group’s
     management and operational expertise.

     1.   Growth Potential for External Expansion
          The new Shenzhen campus and incubating campuses had not previously established a systematic
          presence in women’s health services. With the opening of new outpatient areas, this segment is starting
          almost from scratch in markets outside Chengdu, offering significant potential for multi-fold growth in
          the coming years.

     2.   Asset-light Operational Advantages
          This business primarily leverages the spare capacity of existing premises, equipment and medical
          teams, with minimal capital expenditure and limited cost of pilot implementation. This flexible business
          model enables management to rapidly refine its product offerings and adjust strategies in real time in
          response to market demand.

     In addition, the women’s health services business not only generates independent cash flow, but also offers
     strategic synergistic value by enhancing user experience, improving medical outcomes and supporting the
     proactive health management objectives under the 15th Five-Year Plan.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Future Outlook: Growth and Value Realization Amid Demand Transformation
The Group believes that the assisted reproductive services industry is entering a new stage of development.
The decline in birth rates does not negate the underlying demand for fertility and reproductive health services.
On the contrary, the continued postponement of childbearing age, the increasing proportion of complex
fertility cases, the gradual improvement of payment systems and the accelerated clinical adoption of new
technologies are shifting industry competition from a focus on treatment cycle volume alone toward competition
in medical technology, clinical outcomes, integrated service capabilities and patient trust.

Affordability remains an important factor affecting the accessibility and penetration of assisted reproductive
services. Relevant industry research indicates that when patients’ net out-of-pocket costs for assisted
reproductive treatment decrease by approximately 50%, treatment demand may increase to approximately
2.67 times the original level. As basic medical insurance, fertility-related subsidies, commercial insurance,
corporate benefit programs and flexible payment solutions continue to develop, the Group believes that a
multi-tiered payment system is expected to further reduce patients’ actual financial burden and gradually
convert potential demand into actual treatment demand. HRC’s operating experience also demonstrates
that, as payment coverage expands, platforms with sufficient capacity, stable medical teams and mature
operating systems are better positioned to absorb and serve incremental demand.

Over the past several years, the Group has continued to invest in its medical network, embryology laboratories,
physician teams and digital infrastructure across China, the United States and Southeast Asia. Key growth
markets, including the United States, Shenzhen, Wuhan and Kunming, have gradually entered a stage of
capacity ramp-up. Based on management’s current assessment, the existing facilities and medical resources
in these key markets have the capacity to support approximately three times the Group’s current long-term
business scale in those markets. In the next stage, the Group will place greater emphasis on enhancing
utilization of existing capacity, deepening regional market penetration and improving operational synergies,
with a view to progressively converting its earlier investments into revenue growth, profitability improvement
and operating cash flow generation.

Meanwhile, the continued postponement of childbearing age is expected to drive sustained demand for the
diagnosis and treatment of advanced maternal age, diminished ovarian reserve, recurrent implantation failure
and other complex reproductive cases. Patients are increasingly seeking not merely the completion of a
treatment cycle, but also greater certainty in achieving their desired fertility outcomes. A patient’s complete
fertility journey, spanning assisted reproduction, pregnancy management, delivery and postnatal recovery,
may extend for more than 18 months. With a focus on ultimate fertility outcomes and leveraging the patient
trust established during the assisted reproductive treatment stage, the Group will continue to expand its
obstetrics, delivery, postnatal recovery and women’s health services, with the aim of increasing the integrated
service value generated from each patient over an 18-month journey to approximately two to three times
that of the traditional single-cycle IVF model.




                                                                Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Technological innovation is also expected to become an important growth driver for the industry in its next
     stage of development. The Group has already delivered clinical outcomes in China through the application
     of IVM technology and, through its overseas platforms, is actively exploring clinical research collaborations
     with global research institutions, biotechnology companies and pharmaceutical enterprises. Going forward,
     the Group will focus on areas such as ovarian function and ovarian aging, oocyte maturation, novel ovarian
     stimulation therapies, fertility preservation, artificial intelligence-assisted clinical decision-making and proactive
     management of women’s reproductive health. The Group aims to facilitate the clinical validation and scalable
     translation of global scientific research outcomes within its medical network, and to progressively build a
     global clinical and innovation collaboration platform in the fields of assisted reproduction and women’s
     reproductive health.

     The Group will also continue to optimize its capital structure and improve capital allocation efficiency.
     It is currently exploring initiatives such as asset-backed securities programs and independent financing
     arrangements for its overseas businesses. If successfully implemented, these initiatives are expected to
     further revitalize existing assets, enhance financial flexibility and support continued investment in the Group’s
     core medical network and research translation capabilities. At the same time, the Group will implement its
     shareholder return plan for 2026 to 2028 and will strive to deliver annual total shareholder returns equivalent
     to 50% to 80% of the relevant year’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA, through cash dividends, Share repurchases
     and other means. Cash dividends are expected to account for not less than 20% of the Company’s non-IFRS
     adjusted EBITDA, thereby enabling operating results to be continuously translated into Shareholder value.

     Looking ahead, the Group will seek to capture the long-term opportunities arising from supportive fertility
     policies, the continued development of payment systems, the upgrading of medical demand and ongoing
     technological innovation. The Group will define its professional capabilities by clinical outcomes, drive
     growth through higher capacity utilization and greater integrated patient value, and evaluate the quality of
     growth by profitability, cash flow and capital efficiency. In doing so, the Group aims to further strengthen its
     competitiveness as a global platform for assisted reproduction and women’s reproductive health services.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
Revenue of the Group increased by 6.6% from approximately RMB1,288.6 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB1,373.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The overall
increase was primarily attributable to the following services: (i) revenue from ARS and related services
increased by approximately RMB17.2 million; (ii) revenue from management service increased by approximately
RMB50.8 million; (iii) revenue from obstetrics and related medical services decreased by approximately
RMB0.1 million; (iv) revenue from women health services and others increased by approximately RMB14.7
million; and (v) revenue from the sales of medical consumables and equipment increased by approximately
RMB2.1 million. The increase in revenue is mainly due to: (a) benefiting from the official implementation of
California’s SB 729 bill since 2026 and the successful physician recruitment over the past three years, the
number of egg retrieval cycles in the United States reached a record high in the first half of the year, with
revenue increasing year-on-year by RMB87.1 million; and (b) the development and business strategies for
women’s comprehensive reproductive health management led to a year-on-year increase of RMB14.7 million
in women’s health service revenue.

Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue of the Group, which consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables,
staff costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and other costs, decreased by 4.1% from
approximately RMB897.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB860.0 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The decrease of the cost of revenue was mainly attributed to (i)
decrease in labor costs for HRC Fertility due to the remarkable results achieved from the optimization of
labor costs during the Reporting Period; and (ii) a decrease of RMB12.1 million in the ESOP amortization
expenses included in costs during the Reporting Period.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit of the Group increased by 31.1% from approximately RMB391.4 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB513.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The increase
was mainly attributed to an increase in revenue and a decrease in cost of revenue. The Group’s gross profit
margin increased from 30.4% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 37.4% for the six months ended
June 30, 2026.

Other Income
Other income of the Group decreased by 6.9% from approximately RMB12.8 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB11.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. Compared to
the same period last year, bank deposit interest decreased by RMB2.4 million during the Reporting Period,
while government subsidies increased by RMB2.5 million.




                                                              Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Other Expenses
     The Group’s other expenses decreased from approximately RMB52.5 million for the six months ended June
     30, 2025 to approximately RMB0.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily because the
     corresponding period in 2025 included a one-off contribution of RMB50.0 million into Jinjiang District Maternity
     and Child Health Hospital to support its upgrade and the enhancement of its operational capacity, as well as
     to ensure the sustainability of management services, while no such non-recurring item was incurred during
     the current period. Other expenses during the Reporting Period mainly consist of miscellaneous late fees
     and losses on clearing current accounts.

     Other Gains and Losses
     Other gains and losses primarily represent gains and losses on fair value change of other financial assets at
     fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), on early termination of leases, and on net exchange. The Group
     recorded net other gain of RMB2.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily attributable
     to a decrease of RMB7.5 million in exchange loss (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB7.8 million)
     and RMB3.2 million gain resulting from the early termination of the lease for the old campus of Shenzhen
     Zhongshan Hospital.

     Research and Development Expenses
     Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs of the Group’s research and development
     team at Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center. Research and development expenses of the Group
     increased by 31.3% from approximately RMB9.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
     approximately RMB11.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of cooperating with third party agencies and partners and
     staff cost of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group increased by 23.9%
     from approximately RMB73.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB91.5
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to (i) the Group’s increased investment in brand
     building, as we believe that long-term perceptible differentiation in services is derived not only from service
     delivery, but also from the trust and reputation established through brand building; and (ii) the branding and
     marketing promotion of the Group’s Southern Headquarters in the Greater Bay Area.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, amortization of ESOP costs, depreciation and
     amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property related expenses and others. Administrative
     expenses of the Group decreased by 2.4% from approximately RMB219.0 million for the six months ended
     June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB213.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. While the Group
     recorded growth in revenue, its management and administrative expenses remained stable and recorded
     a slight decrease, mainly attributable to the optimization of internal management and the effectiveness of
     expense control measures.




20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Finance Costs
Finance costs of the Group increased by 33.5% from approximately RMB43.1 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB57.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily
due to a decrease in capitalizable interest. Interest expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were
RMB49.8 million, after deducting RMB19.3 million from the capitalizable interest, the amount recognized in
finance costs was RMB30.5 million. Interest expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was RMB46.3
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB3.5 million.

Income Tax Expenses
Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax, withholding tax and Hong
Kong Profits Tax. Income tax expenses of the Group increased from income tax credit of approximately
RMB44.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to income tax expenses of approximately RMB45.0
million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. During the corresponding period in 2025, the Group recognized
a deferred tax impact related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets in the United States involving
approximately RMB89.8 million, whereas the Group was not affected by this matter this period.

Net Profits
The Group recorded net profit of approximately RMB110.3 million in the first half of 2026, achieving a
turnaround of profitability from a net loss of approximately RMB1,044.1 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025. The loss recognized during the six months ended June 30, 2025 was primarily attributable
to significant one-off impairment losses and other non-recurring items.

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-IFRS
measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company believes that
non-IFRS adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding
and evaluating the Group’s condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same manner as they
helped the Company’s management, and that the Company’s management and investors may benefit from
referring to these non-IFRS adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s operating performance
from period to period by eliminating impacts of items that the Group does not consider indicative of the
Group’s operating performance. However, the presentation of these non-IFRS financial measures is not
intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented
in accordance with the IFRS. You should not view non-IFRS adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as
a substitute for results under IFRS.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted net profit was approximately RMB148.0 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2026, as compared to an adjusted net profit of approximately RMB82.3 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2025.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA was approximately RMB336.5 million for the six months ended June
30, 2026, as compared to adjusted EBITDA of approximately RMB224.7 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2025.




                                                                Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The following tables set forth the reconciliation of the Group’s non-IFRS financial measures for the six months
     ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                (unaudited)      (unaudited)


     Profit (loss) for the period                                                                    110,320              (1,044,120)
     Add:
     Amortization ESOP costs (1)                                                                         5,965                15,201
     Amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses,
       non-competition agreements, property, and plant and equipment
       (including the effects of deferred tax) (2)                                                     31,723                 32,287
     Impairment of goodwill and certain intangible assets related to the
       Group’s business in the United States and Laos (3)                                                     –              908,847
     Impairment losses recognized under the ECL model in respect of
       certain financial assets (4)                                                                           –               99,009
     One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
       Hospital (5)                                                                                           –               50,000
     Depreciation of renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital(6)                                          –               21,074

     Non-IFRS adjusted net (loss) profit                                                             148,008                  82,298


     Non-IFRS (negative) EBITDA                                                                      330,494                (938,166)
     Add:
     Amortization ESOP costs (1)                                                                         5,965                15,201
     Impairment of goodwill and certain intangible assets related to the
       Group’s business in the United States and Laos (3)                                                     –              998,613
     Impairment losses recognized under the ECL model in respect of
       certain financial assets (4)                                                                           –               99,009
     One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
       Hospital (5)                                                                                           –               50,000

     Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                        336,459                 224,657

     Notes:

     (1)   ESOP costs are regarded as non-cash items.

     (2)   Amortization and depreciation of medical practice licenses, non-compete agreements, and property, plant and equipment,
           as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, all of which arise from acquisitions: by eliminating the effect of these items
           from the profit attributable to the owners of the Company, it demonstrates the endogenous growth of the Company.

     (3)   Impairment of goodwill and certain intangible assets related to the Group’s business in the United States and Laos in 2025.

     (4)   Impairment losses recognized under the ECL (expected credit loss) model in respect of certain financial assets: attributable
           to (i) impairment losses in receivable from Chengdu Jinlin Corporate Management Co., Ltd.; (ii) impairment losses in
           receivable due from Jincheng Hongda and Jinxin Aijian; and (iii) impairment losses in a refundable investment deposit.

     (5)   One-off contribution to Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital.

     (6)   Depreciation of renovation expenses at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital.


22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Inventories
Inventories of the Group increased by 13.3% from approximately RMB55.9 million as at December 31, 2025
to approximately RMB63.4 million as at June 30, 2026.

Accounts and Other Receivables
Accounts and other receivables of the Group increased by 27.3% from approximately RMB205.3 million as at
December 31, 2025 to approximately RMB261.5 million as at June 30, 2026, primarily due to (i) an increase
of RMB16.0 million in accounts receivable in Overseas, resulting from the extension of the settlement cycle
following HRC’s inclusion in commercial insurance, as well as an additional RMB10.0 million in prepayments
to suppliers; and (ii) an increase of RMB24.7 million in accounts receivable for management service fees
from IOT institutions in the Chengdu region, which are scheduled to be settled annually pursuant to the
management agreement.

Accounts and Other Payables
Accounts and other payables of the Group increased by 7.9% from approximately RMB702.4 million as at
December 31, 2025 to approximately RMB758.0 million as at June 30, 2026, which included declared but
unpaid dividends of RMB100.0 million as at the end of the Reporting Period. Excluding dividends payable,
the decrease in accounts and other payables during the period was mainly due to a reduction in renovation
project payables for the Group’s Shenzhen building.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital, including
upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new medical institutions
and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total proceeds of approximately
HK$2,808.1 million from the Listing, after deducting the underwriting fees, commissions and related Listing
expenses. In February 2021, the Group received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,253.5 million from
the placing. The Group also obtained additional funding from syndicated loan facilities of up to US$300 million
in 2021 and a drawdown in full of such bank facilities in March 2022. On January 5, 2023, an aggregate of
175,000,000 placing Shares was placed by the Company to not less than six placees at the placing price
of HK$6.725 per placing Share and the Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,162.3
million (equivalent to approximately RMB999.0 million). The placees, together with their respective ultimate
beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company or its connected
persons. None of the placees has become a substantial Shareholder immediately upon completion of the
placing. The placing has been completed on January 16, 2023. In 2025, the Group obtained new loans
amounting to approximately RMB3,121.0 million, and as at June 30, 2026, the Group had unutilized bank
facilities of approximately RMB1,206.1 million. The share capital of the Company only comprises ordinary
shares. As at June 30, 2026, the authorized share capital of the Company was US$50,000 divided into
5,000,000,000 Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 35% debt and 65% equity as at June 30, 2026
(December 31, 2025: 34% and 66%). Therefore, the Directors are of the view that the Group has sufficient
resources to meet its future business operations and expansion.




                                                               Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     The Company is considering to launch an asset-backed securities program (“ABS Program”) involving the
     issue of a single class of securities (“ABS”) based on the underlying assets of a subsidiary of the Company,
     namely, Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (深圳市恒裕聯翔投資發展有限公司)
     (“Hengyu”). Such underlying assets comprise predominantly real property in the form of a building currently
     owned by Hengyu located at Futian District, Shenzhen, China which is currently used by the Group’s Shenzhen
     Zhongshan Hospital, and it is intended that the ABS will be traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the
     “Proposed Transaction”). In the event that the Company proceeds with the Proposed Transaction, it may
     constitute a deemed disposal of Hengyu under Rule 14.29 of the Listing Rules. For further details, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 22, 2026.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, there were no significant investments held by the Company,
     nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

     INDEBTEDNESS
     Lease liabilities
     The Group recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in respect of all leases, except
     for short-term leases and leases of low value assets. As at June 30, 2026, the Group, as a lessee, had
     outstanding lease liabilities for the remaining terms of relevant lease agreements in an aggregate amount of
     RMB412.3 million. The lease liabilities represent payment for right of using underlying assets.

     Borrowings
     As at June 30, 2026, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,481.9 million (December 31, 2025: RMB2,462.4
     million).

     Pledge of Assets
     As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s Jinyun Building was pledged as security for an equivalent amount of bank
     loans. Save as disclosed, the Group did not pledge any other assets.

     Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
     As at June 30, 2026, save as disclosed in Note 24 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,
     the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

     Contractual Obligations
     As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material effect
     on its financial position or results of operations.

     Interest-bearing Debt Ratio
     Interest-bearing debt ratio is calculated using the total amount of interest-bearing debt at the end of the
     period divided by total assets as at the end of the period and multiplied by 100%. As at June 30, 2026, the
     Group’s interest-bearing debt ratio was 18.0% (December 31, 2025: 17.6%).




24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of June 30, 2026, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,128 employees, of
whom 2,790 were located in China and 338 were located in the United States. The staff costs, including
Directors’ emoluments were approximately RMB368.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, as
compared to approximately RMB396.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.

The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its (i) 2022 Share Award Scheme, which
was adopted on February 17, 2022 and amended on June 25, 2024; and (ii) 2025 Share Scheme, which
was adopted on December 5, 2025. Summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme and
the 2025 Share Scheme are set out in the circulars of the Company dated May 31, 2024 and December 5,
2025, respectively. The Company also had the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme which
were terminated in 2024, and no further award would be granted under such schemes, whilst the awards
previously granted thereunder shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions
thereof.

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026
(for the six months ended June 30, 2025: nil).

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests
of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG
Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance.

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code during the six months ended
June 30, 2026. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to
ensure compliance with the CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code
of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, each
of the Directors has confirmed that he or she has complied with the required standards as set out in the
Model Code during the six months ended June 30, 2026.




                                                               Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had repurchased a total of 83,884,500 Shares on the Stock
     Exchange at an aggregate purchase price of approximately HK$189.19 million. The reason for purchase is to
     demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its own business outlook and prospects as the Company believes
     that the current trading price of the Shares does not reflect their intrinsic value or the actual prospects of
     the Company. As at the date of this report, the 83,884,500 repurchased Shares had not been cancelled by
     the Company.

     Details of the Shares repurchased during the six months ended June 30, 2026, are set out as follows:

                                        Number of Shares                                             Aggregate
                                      repurchased on the        Price per Share paid                  purchase
     Month of repurchases                Stock Exchange          Highest           Lowest                 price
                                                                    (HK$)            (HK$)          (HK$ million)


     March 2026                                  6,306,000            2.37               2.26              14.60
     April 2026                                 13,360,000            2.47               2.38              32.45
     May 2026                                   27,286,500            2.43               2.13              62.47
     June 2026                                  36,932,000            2.34               1.95              79.67


     Total:                                     83,884,500               –                   –            189.19


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, sold or redeemed
     any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period.
     As of June 30, 2026, the Company held no treasury Shares as defined under the Listing Rules.

     AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
     The Board has established the Audit and Risk Management Committee which is chaired by an independent
     non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two independent non-executive Directors,
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive Directors, Ms. Hu Zhe and Mr. Chen
     Shuyun. The primary duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are to assist the Board by
     monitoring the Company’s ongoing compliance with the applicable laws and regulations that govern its
     business operations, providing an independent view on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
     policies, financial management processes and risk management systems, in particular, the implementation
     of the Company’s anti-corruption and anti-bribery measures.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT
The Audit and Risk Management Committee has jointly reviewed with the management, the accounting
principles and policies adopted by the Company and discussed internal control and financial reporting matters
(including the review of the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months
ended June 30, 2026, which has been agreed by the independent auditors of the Company) of the Group.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the independent auditors considered that the interim results
and interim report are in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and
the Company has made appropriate disclosures thereof.

AUDITORS
The Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2026
have been reviewed by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong, the auditors
of the Company.

CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INFORMATION
As at the date of this report, there were no changes in the Directors’ and chief executives’ information which
are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

RISK MANAGEMENT
Currency Risk
The business of the Group operates in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with its
transactions settled in Renminbi, HK dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Renminbi is not a freely convertible
currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international economic and political
developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted any hedging measure, the cost
of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which serves as a natural hedge. As a
result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any significant direct foreign exchange risk and
has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to such risk.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its cash flow
interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The Directors
consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The
Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because such instruments have a tenor of less than one year
or are redeemable on demand.

Liquidity Risk
The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast
and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                 Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the underwriting
     fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million.

     The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have been
     utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. As of June 30, 2026, the net proceeds
     from the Listing had been fully utilized and there were no unutilized proceeds remaining. The table below
     sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to June 30, 2026:

                                                                                                       Actual     Net proceeds                         Expected timeline
                                                                                   Percentage     usage up to brought forward        Unutilized net    for utilizing the
                                                                      Planned      of total net      June 30, for the Reporting     proceeds as at     remaining unutilized
     Use of proceeds                                              applications        proceed           2026             Period      June 30, 2026     net proceeds
                                                                   (HK$ million)                  (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)


     To expand and upgrade existing assisted reproductive                 702.0         25.0%           702.0                   –                 –    By December 2022
        medical facilities in the Group’s network in China and
        recruit medical professionals, including physicians and
        embryologists, in order to increase capacity, expand
        its service offering and market share
     For the potential acquisition of additional assisted                 561.6         20.0%           561.6                   –                 –    By December 2021
        reproductive medical facilities in provinces in China
        we are currently not operating in
     For investment in research and development to enhance                280.8         10.0%           280.8                   –                 –    By December 2026
        overall performance and maintain the Group’s position
        at the forefront of assisted reproductive technology
     For the potential acquisitions of ARS service providers              561.6         20.0%           561.6                   –                 –    By December 2021
        and businesses along the ARS service chain
     To improve brand awareness and general ARS                           421.2         15.0%           421.2                   –                 –    By December 2025
        awareness in both China and the United States
     For the Group’s working capital and general corporate                280.9         10.0%           280.9                   –                 –    By June 2022
        purposes


     Total                                                             2,808.1           100%         2,808.1                   –                 –


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed in this report and as at the date of this report, there were no material events after the
     Reporting Period.




28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                          Other Information



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

(i)   Interest in Shares and underlying Shares

                                                                       Number    Approximate
                                                                    of Shares/  percentage of               Long position/
                                     Capacity/                      underlying shareholding in              Short position/
      Names of Directors             nature of interest                 Shares the Company (1)              Lending pool


      Mr. Zhong Yong (2)             Beneficial owner               13,573,611                   0.50%      Long position
      Mr. Dong Yang (3)              Beneficial owner               96,214,318                   3.56%      Long position
      Dr. Lyu Rong (4)               Beneficial owner               39,424,318                   1.46%      Long position
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (5)           Beneficial owner                3,466,000                   0.13%      Long position
      Dr. Geng Lihong (6)            Beneficial owner                  600,000                   0.02%      Long position
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung (7)        Beneficial owner                  450,000                   0.02%      Long position
      Mr. Chen Shuyun (8)            Beneficial owner                  450,000                   0.02%      Long position
      Dr. Li Jianwei (9)             Beneficial owner                  450,000                   0.02%      Long position
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo (10)           Beneficial owner                  450,000                   0.02%      Long position
      Mr. Ye Changqing (11)          Beneficial owner                  450,000                   0.02%      Long position

      Notes:

      (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,705,044,043 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

      (2)   Includes (i) 7,804,268 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Zhong Yong; (ii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to Restricted
            Shares equivalent to 5,319,343 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
            conditions; and (iii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him
            under the 2025 Share Scheme.

      (3)   Includes (i) 11,079,801 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Dong Yang; (ii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to Restricted
            Shares equivalent to 2,793,517 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
            conditions; and (iii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to 82,341,000 options granted to him under the 2025 Share Scheme.

      (4)   Includes (i) 7,666,948 Shares beneficially owned by Dr. Lyu Rong; (ii) Dr. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares
            equivalent to 4,310,370 Shares granted to her under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions;
            and (iii) Dr. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to 27,447,000 options granted to her under the 2025 Share Scheme.

      (5)   Includes (i) 3,016,000 Shares beneficially owned by Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and (ii) Ms. Yan Xiaoqing’s entitlement to
            300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to her under the 2025 Share Scheme.

      (6)   Includes Dr. Geng Lihong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 480,000 Shares granted to her under the
            2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.




                                                                          Interim Report 2026      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    29
     Other Information



          (7)    Includes Dr. Chong Yat Keung’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under
                 the 2025 Share Scheme.

          (8)    Includes Mr. Chen Shuyun’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the
                 2025 Share Scheme.

          (9)    Includes Dr. Li Jianwei’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the
                 2025 Share Scheme.

          (10)   Includes Mr. Wang Xiaobo’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under the
                 2025 Share Scheme.

          (11)   Includes Mr. Ye Changqing’s entitlement to 300,000 options and 150,000 restricted shares granted to him under
                 the 2025 Share Scheme.

     (ii) Interest in the Company’s associated corporations
                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                  Capacity/                     Name of associated             shareholding in
          Names of Directors                      nature of interest            corporation                     the Company (1)


          Dr. Lyu Rong                            Beneficial owner              Jinyi Hongkang                              51% (1)
          Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                        Beneficial owner              Jinrun Fude                                 51% (2)

          Notes:

          (1)    Dr. Lyu Rong, one of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang.
                 Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2022 Contractual Arrangements.

          (2)    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude.
                 Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                 Arrangements.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
     had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
     the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to
     be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
     (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
     the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352
     of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means
     of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the
     Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for
     the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                         Other Information



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at June 30, 2026, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or
chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which
fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                        Number           Approximate
                                                                     of Shares/         percentage of      Long position/
                                  Capacity/                          underlying       shareholding in      Short position/
Names of Shareholders             nature of interest                     Shares        the Company (3)     Lending pool


Jinxin Fertility BVI (1)          Beneficial owner                  319,471,061                 11.81%     Long position
Blackrock, Inc.                   Interest in a controlled          151,827,561                  5.61%     Long position
                                     corporation

Notes:

(1)    Jinxin Fertility BVI is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the individual Shareholders are
       interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon Listing and remain as one of our substantial
       Shareholders upon Listing and as at June 30, 2026.

(2)    The calculation is based on the total number of 2,705,044,043 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who were not
Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be
required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.

PRE-IPO RSU SCHEME
The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the “Pre-IPO
RSU Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during the year ended December 31, 2024. Following its
termination, no more RSU will be granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme. The following is a summary of the
principal terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the Pre-IPO
RSU Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
       The purposes of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the Pre-IPO
       RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the
       Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the
       Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company
       with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or
       providing benefits to the Selected Participants.




                                                                          Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    31
     Other Information



     (2) Selected Participants of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are any employee, director, officer,
          consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any member of
          the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed
          or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant to the
          Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately 1.66% of the
          Company’s issued share capital as of the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”), and
          representing approximately 1.22% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation
          but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report. As at the date of this report,
          no further RSUs are available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed any
          limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any
          further grant of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the
          Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.

     (5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting schedule of the
          RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each corresponding Selected Participant
          upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on the respective anniversary dates of the vesting
          commencement date.

     (6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
          RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of the
          grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme were
          granted to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Selected
          Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

     (7) Life of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme commences on the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date and would remain valid
          and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such
          date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. Since the Company has no intention to
          make further grants under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, as at June 30, 2026, the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          was terminated and no further RSUs would be granted under such scheme, whilst the RSUs previously
          granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with
          the provisions thereof.

          There were no RSUs available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as at January 1, 2026, and
          no RSU was granted during the Reporting Period.




32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                              Other Information



The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme for the Reporting
Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                Closing                                                          average
                                                                                price of                                                          closing
                                                                                 Shares                                                          price of
                                                                           immediately                                                        the Shares
                                                                                 before Number of Number of                                  immediately
                                                                               the date unvested       award                      Number of        before Fair value
                                                                              on which      award     Shares Number of                award the dates of award
                                                                             the award     Shares    granted      award Number of    Shares     on which Shares at
                                                                           Shares were     held at during the    Shares     award   held at the award the date
Name of Participant or                                                          granted January 1, Reporting    lapsed/    Shares June 30, Shares were of granted
Category of Participant        Date of Grant          Vesting Period(1)           (HK$)      2026      Period cancelled    vested      2026 vested (HK$)       (HK$)


Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
                                                                                        N/A

Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                 N/A

Related entity participants or service provider with options or awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                    N/A

Other employee participants
                               April 19, 2024         1-5 years                     2.31    1,605,517          –      30,000(2)           –     1,575,517   2.88    2.27

Other related entity participants
                                January 10, 2021      1-3 years                   15.18       139,350          –                          –       139,350   4.17   15.18
                                January 31, 2022      1 months-5 years             7.76     1,074,984          –                          –     1,074,984   2.43    7.76


Total                                                                                       2,819,851          –       30,000             –     2,789,851

Notes:

(1)      The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are linked
         with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the achievement
         of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as the results of
         individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected Participant.

(2)      30,000 RSUs were lapsed during the Reporting Period.

(3)      The purchase price for the award Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Selected Participants upon vesting
         is nil.

(4)      The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during the
         Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting
         Period was nil.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026              Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   33
     Other Information



     2022 SHARE AWARD SCHEME
     The 2022 Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022 (the “2022
     Scheme Adoption Date”), which has been amended on June 25, 2024 (the “2022 Scheme Amendment
     Date”) to bring its terms in alignment with the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The following is
     a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it
     intended to be, the 2022 Share Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
     rules of the 2022 Share Award Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
          The purposes of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the 2022
          Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary
          interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the
          value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and
          (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating,
          compensating and/or providing benefits to the Award Selected Participants.

     (2) Award Selected Participants of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme comprise Employee
          Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the 2022 Share Award
          Scheme). Please refer to the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024 for further details of the
          eligible participants.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made pursuant
          to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 75,227,514 Shares, representing approximately 3%
          of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption Date (the “2022 Scheme Mandate
          Limit”), and representing approximately 2.78% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for
          cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no
          account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the
          right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2022 Share
          Award Scheme. The total number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants
          made to Service Providers pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 8,273,118
          Shares (the “2022 Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately 0.3% of the total number
          of Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury
          Shares) as at the 2022 Scheme Amendment Date and representing approximately 0.3% as at the date
          of this report. As at the date of this report, (i) the total number of Shares available for issue under the
          2022 Share Award Scheme is 9,374,273 Shares, representing approximately 0.35% of the Shares in
          issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at
          that date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the 2022
          Share Award Scheme is 8,273,118 Shares, representing 0.31% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares
          repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at that date.




34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                           Other Information



(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
   The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed
   any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force.
   Any further grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be
   subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates
   abstaining from voting.

(5) Vesting Period of Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
   Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the restricted
   Shares will usually be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee
   upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of the grant,
   save as determined by the Board at its discretion.

(6) Grant of restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
   Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the
   offer of the grant of the restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The restricted Shares under
   the 2022 Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at nil consideration
   and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

(7) Life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
   The 2022 Share Award Scheme commences on the 2022 Award Adoption Date and remains valid and
   effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date,
   unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at June 30, 2026, the remaining life
   of the 2022 Share Award Scheme is approximately six years.

   The total number of Restricted Shares available for grant to Award Selected Participants under the 2022
   Share Award Scheme was 9,374,273 as at January 1, 2026 and June 30, 2026, and the total number
   of Restricted Shares available for grant to Service Providers under the 2022 Share Award Scheme was
   8,273,118 as at January 1, 2026 and June 30, 2026.




                                                             Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Other Information



          The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
          for the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                       Closing                                                                       average
                                                                      price of                                                                        closing
                                                                       Shares                                                                        price of
                                                                  immediately                                                                     the Shares
                                                                    before the Number of Number of                                               immediately        Fair
                                                                      date on unvested Restricted                                    Number of before the      value of
                                                                    which the Restricted    Shares                                   Restricted     dates on Restricted
                                                                    Restricted    Shares   granted Number of Number of Number of        Shares which the Shares at
                                                                  Shares were    held at during the Restricted Restricted Restricted    held at Restricted the date
          Name of Participant or                                      granted January 1, Reporting     Shares     Shares     Shares June 30, Shares were       of grant
          Category of Participant Date of Grant Vesting Period(1)        (HK$)      2026     Period    lapsed cancelled      vested        2026 vested (HK$)      (HK$)

          Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
          Mr. Zhong Yong            March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 5,319,343                 –              –       –            –     5,319,343           2.37           5.40
          Mr. Dong Yang             March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 2,793,517                 –              –       –            –     2,793,517           2.88           5.40
          Dr. Lyu Rong              March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38 4,310,370                 –              –       –            –     4,310,370           2.38           5.40
          Dr. Geng Lihong           March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years             5.38       480,000             –              –       –            –       480,000           2.37           5.40

          Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                   N/A

          Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue
             (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                                    N/A

          Other employee
             participants
                                    January 18, 2023 1 year – 5 years          7.34 19,604,730                 –        827,496       –            – 18,777,234              2.62           7.34
                                    March 27, 2023 1 year – 5 years            5.38 8,375,425                  –        941,600       –    1,000,000 6,433,825               2.49           5.40

          Other related entity participants
                                    January 18, 2023 1-5 Years                 7.34       816,981              –              –       –            –       816,981           2.37           7.34

          Other service providers
                                                                                                       N/A

          Total                                                                        41,700,366              –    1,769,096         –    1,000,000 38,931,270

          Notes:

          (1)      The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
                   corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of
                   the grant.

          (2)      The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants
                   upon vesting is nil.

          (3)      As no new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the
                   2022 Share Award Scheme, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be issued
                   in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided
                   by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                          Other Information



The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme for
the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by existing shares acquired by trustee(s) of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                average
                                                                   Closing price                                                                                          closing price
                                                                       of Shares                                                                                          of the Shares
                                                                    immediately                                                                                            immediately
                                                                      before the                   Number of                                                 Number of        before the
                                                                         date on Number of         Restricted                                                 unvested         dates on Fair value of
                                                                      which the unvested              Shares                                                 Restricted       which the Restricted
                                                                      Restricted Restricted          granted      Number of      Number of      Number of       Shares        Restricted Shares at
                                                                    Shares were Shares held        during the     Restricted     Restricted     Restricted      held at    Shares were the date of
Name of Participant or                                                   granted at January        Reporting         Shares         Shares         Shares     June 30,           vested         grant
Category of Participant          Date of Grant   Vesting Period(1)         (HK$)     1, 2026           Period        lapsed       cancelled        vested          2026            (HK$)       (HK$)


Directors of the listed issuer
                                                                                                  N/A

Five highest paid individuals in aggregate (excluding Directors)
                                                                                                  N/A

Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                                   N/A

Other grantees in aggregate
Other employee participants April 19, 2024       1 year-5 years            2.31      3,000,000             —              —              —       1,000,000    2,000,000           2.61           2.27

Total                                                                                3,000,000             —              —              —       1,000,000    2,000,000

Notes:

(1)       The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
          satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

(2)       The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants
          upon vesting is nil.

(3)       As at June 30, 2026, the trustee of the 2022 Share Award Scheme, pursuant to the rules of the 2022 Share Award
          Scheme, held 9,374,273 Shares it purchased from the secondary market for the purpose of satisfying grants of the
          Restricted Shares.




                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026                      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                37
     Other Information



     2025 SHARE SCHEME
     The 2025 Share Scheme was approved by the Board on September 25, 2025 and approved and adopted
     by the Shareholders on December 5, 2025 (the “2025 Scheme Adoption Date”). The 2025 Share Scheme
     will be satisfied by treasury Shares and/or new Shares. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
     the 2025 Share Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the 2025 Share Scheme nor
     should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the 2025 Share Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the 2025 Share Scheme
          The purposes of the 2025 Share Scheme are to (a) recognize the contributions of the selected
          participants of the 2025 Share Scheme (the “2025 Award Selected Participants”); (b) encourage,
          motivate and retain the 2025 Award Selected Participants, whose contributions are beneficial to the
          continual operation, development and growth of the Group; and (c) provide additional incentive for the
          2025 Award Selected Participants to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives
          of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the 2025 Award Selected Participants
          to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares.

     (2) Award Selected Participants of the 2025 Share Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2025 Share Scheme comprise Employee
          Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the 2025 Share Scheme).
          Please refer to the circular of the Company dated November 19, 2025 for further details of the eligible
          participants.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made pursuant
          to the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed 192,129,423 Shares, representing approximately 7% of the
          Company’s issued share capital as of the 2025 Award Adoption Date (the “2025 Scheme Mandate
          Limit”), and representing approximately 7.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for
          cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no
          account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2025 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the
          right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2025 Share
          Award Scheme. The total number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants
          made to Service Providers pursuant to the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed 19,212,942 Shares (the
          “2025 Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately 0.7% and 0.71% of the total number
          of Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury
          Shares) as at the 2025 Scheme Adoption Date and as at the date of this report. As at the date of this
          report, (i) the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2025 Share Scheme is 51,744,423
          Shares, representing approximately 1.91% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at that
          date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the 2025 Share
          Scheme is 19,212,942 Shares, representing 0.71% of the Shares in issue (excluding Shares repurchased
          for cancellation but not yet cancelled and treasury Shares) as at that date.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2025 Share Scheme shall not exceed any limits
          that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any further
          grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the
          Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.


38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                            Other Information



(5) Exercise period or vesting period under the 2025 Share Scheme
   The exercise period or vesting period for the awards (as the case may be) under the 2025 Share
   Scheme shall be determined by the Board at its sole and absolute discretion and shall end in any event
   not later than ten (10) years from the date of grant. The vesting period of the awards granted under
   the 2025 Share Scheme shall not be less than twelve (12) months, whilst any grants to the employee
   participants may be subject to a shorter vesting period under specific circumstances as set out in the
   2025 Share Scheme.

(6) Grant of awards and acceptance of offers
   Awards may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of the
   grant of the awards as indicated in the offer letter, together with a payment which the Board may in its
   absolute discretion determine the amount (if any) payable on acceptance of an award and the period
   within which any such payments must be made, and such amounts (if any).

   In respect of awards to be granted in the form of restricted share awards, the Board may determine in
   its absolute discretion the amount (if any) payable on acceptance and/or upon vesting of such awards
   and the period within which any such payments must be made, and such amounts (if any) and periods
   shall be set out in the notice of award. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine the
   vesting price to be nil.

(7) Basis for determining the purchase price of Awards, the Exercise Price and the
    Vesting Price
   In respect of an award, the purchase price shall be such price, as determined by the Board in their
   absolute discretion, payable by a 2025 Award Selected Participant to the Company for acceptance
   of an award. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine such purchase price to be at nil
   consideration.

   In respect of option awards, the exercise price of each option award under the 2025 Share Scheme
   shall be not less than the highest of (i) the nominal value of a Share; (ii) the closing price of the Shares
   as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the grant date, which must be a business
   day; and (iii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
   sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date.

(8) Life of the 2025 Share Scheme
   The 2025 Share Scheme commences on the 2025 Award Adoption Date and remains valid and effective
   unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless
   terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at June 30, 2026, the remaining life of the
   2025 Share Scheme is approximately 9.4 years.

   As at January 1, 2026 and June 30, 2026, the total number of shares available for grant to the 2025
   Award Selected Participants pursuant to the 2025 Share Scheme was 51,744,423 and 51,744,423
   shares, respectively, while as at January 1, 2026 and June 30, 2026, the total number of shares available
   for grant to Service Providers pursuant to the 2025 Share Scheme was 19,212,942 and 19,212,942
   shares, respectively.




                                                              Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Other Information



          The table below shows details of the restricted share awards granted under the 2025 Share Scheme
          during the Reporting Period:

                                                                           Closing price                                                                    Weighted average
                                                                               of Shares Number of Number of                                                    closing price       Fair
                                                                            immediately unvested Restricted                                      Number of      of the Shares value of
                                                                              before the Restricted    Shares                                     unvested immediately before Restricted
                                                                          date on which     Shares granted Number of Number of Number of Restricted the dates on which Shares at
          Name of Participant                                             the Restricted    held at during the Restricted Restricted Restricted Shares held    the Restricted the date
          or Category of                                                    Shares were January 1, Reporting      Shares     Shares     Shares at June 30,       Shares were of grant
          Participant         Date of grant           Vesting Period      granted (HK$)        2026     Period    lapsed Cancelled      vested        2026       vested (HK$)     (HK$)
                                                                                                                   Shares granted during the Reporting Period




          Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
          Mr. Zhong Yong         December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Ms. Yan Xiaoqing       December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Mr. Chen Shuyun        December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Dr. Chong Yat Keung December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                      2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Dr. Li Jianwei         December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Mr. Wang Xiaobo        December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57
          Mr. Ye Changqing       December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                   2.50 150,000                  –                                            –   –   –    150,000    N/A        2.57

          Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                       N/A

          Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding
          treasury Shares)
                                                                                                       N/A

          Other employee participants
                                                                                                           N/A

          Other related entity participants
                                                                                                           N/A

          Other service providers
                                                                                                           N/A

          Total                                                                              1,050,000             –                                            –   –   –   1,050,000

          Notes:

          (1)      The vesting schedule of the restricted share awards will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee
                   upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

          (2)      The purchase price for the restricted share awards transferred or to be transferred to the 2025 Award Selected
                   Participants upon vesting is nil.




40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                                          Other Information



The table below shows details of the option awards granted under the 2025 Share Scheme during the
Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                                                                            closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                            of the shares
                                                          Closing price           Number                                                                                                                     immediately
                                                              of shares                of                                               Number Number Number Number Number                                         before
                                                           immediately           unvested                                              of option of option of option of option of option Number of              the dates Fair value
                                                             before the            option                                                awards awards awards awards awards                    unvested          on which of option
                                                         date on which            awards                                                granted      vested exercised      lapsed cancelled       option       the option awards at
Name of Participant                                          the option Exercise held at                                              during the during the during the during the during the awards held    awards were the date
or Category of                                            awards were      Price January                                              Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting at June 30,             exercised of grant
Participant         Date of grant         Vesting Period granted (HK$) (HK$) 1, 2026                                                      Period     Period     Period     Period     Period       2026             (HK$)      (HK$)
                                                                                         Shares granted during the Reporting Period




Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
Mr. Zhong Yong December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                      2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Mr. Dong Yang        December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years               2.50         2.82 82,341,000                                            –         –          –          –          –     82,341,000            NA    0.80-0.91
Dr. Lyu Rong         December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years               2.50         2.82 27,447,000                                            –         –          –          –          –     27,447,000            NA    0.80-0.91
Ms. Duan Hongmei December 5, 2025 1 year – 10 years                   2.50         2.82 27,447,000                                            –         –          –          –          –     27,447,000            NA    0.80-0.91
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Mr. Chen Shuyun December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                     2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Dr. Chong Yat Keung December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                 2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Dr. Li Jianwei       December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Mr. Wang Xiaobo December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                     2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94
Mr. Ye Changqing December 5, 2025 1 year – 3 years                    2.50         2.82 300,000                                               –         –          –          –          –        300,000            NA    0.93-0.94

Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                                                        N/A

Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                                         N/A

Other employee participants
                                                                                                                                        N/A

Other related entity participants
                                                                                                                                        N/A

Other service providers
                                                                                                                                        N/A

Total                                                                                    139,335,000                                          –         –          –          –          –    139,335,000

Notes:

(1)       The vesting schedule of the option awards will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
          satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

(2)       The purchase price for the option awards transferred or to be transferred to the 2025 Award Selected Participants
          upon acceptance is nil.




                                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026                Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                  41
     Other Information



          The Scheme Mandate Limit was approved by Shareholders, and adopted by the Company, on December
          5, 2025 (the “Adoption Date”), pursuant to which the maximum number of Shares which may be issued
          and allotted in respect of all options and awards to be granted under the Relevant Share Schemes and
          all share options and share awards to be granted under any other share option schemes and/or share
          award schemes involving issuance of new Shares adopted and to be adopted by the Company from
          time to time would be 10% of the issued Shares as at the Adoption Date (i.e. 274,470,604 Shares).
          The number of restricted shares available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit was 63,526,507
          as of June 30, 2026.




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                       Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated
                                              Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries set out on pages 44 to 86, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of June 30, 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity
and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to
the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to
be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for
the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with
IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements
based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed
terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. A review of these condensed consolidated financial
statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed
consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
August 21, 2026




                                                               Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                     NOTES         2026             2025
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)      (unaudited)


     Revenue                                                           3       1,373,300       1,288,587
     Cost of revenue                                                            (860,000)       (897,178)


     Gross profit                                                                513,300         391,409
     Other income                                                      4          11,902          12,788
     Other expense                                                     5            (200)        (52,455)
     Other gains and losses, net                                       6           2,311           (7,767)
     Impairment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model               7               –         (99,009)
     Impairment losses recognised on goodwill, license,
       contractual right to provide management services
       and trademark                                                   8               –        (992,579)
     Research and development expenses                                           (11,850)           (9,028)
     Administrative expenses                                                    (213,658)       (218,999)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                           (91,459)         (73,810)
     Share of results of associates                                                3,822             5,573
     Share of result of a joint venture                                           (1,375)           (1,550)
     Finance costs                                                     9         (57,517)         (43,073)


     Profit (loss) before taxation                                    10         155,276       (1,088,500)
     Income tax (expenses) credit                                     11         (44,956)          44,380


     Profit (loss) for the period                                                110,320       (1,044,120)


     Other comprehensive expense:
     Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to
        profit or loss:
        Fair value loss on:
          – Investment in equity instrument at fair value through
            other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                      –          (48,627)


     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                (85,692)         (13,591)


     Other comprehensive expense for the period                                  (85,692)         (62,218)


     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period                          24,628       (1,106,338)




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                               Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                    Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                             For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                NOTES              2026                     2025
                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)              (unaudited)


Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                         107,369             (1,039,916)
  – Non-controlling interests                                       2,951                  (4,204)


                                                                  110,320             (1,044,120)


Total comprehensive income (expense)
 for the period attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                              22,970          (1,101,608)
 – Non-controlling interests                                           1,658               (4,730)


                                                                      24,628          (1,106,338)


Earnings (loss) per share:                       13
 – Basic (RMB)                                                          0.04                 (0.39)


  – Diluted (RMB)                                                       0.04                 (0.39)




                                                Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   45
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

     As at June 30, 2026




                                                                                 As at          As at
                                                                              June 30,   December 31,
                                                                   NOTES         2026           2025
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)       (audited)


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                  14      2,854,819       2,909,991
     Right-of-use assets                                            14        500,015         484,160
     Goodwill                                                               2,870,743       2,873,085
     Licenses                                                               1,378,794       1,401,232
     Non-compete agreement                                                     14,563          16,135
     Contractual right to provide management services                       1,715,629       1,770,517
     Trademarks                                                             2,519,387       2,552,576
     Interests in associates accounted for using equity method                384,386         392,266
     Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                    15         35,676          35,676
     Interest in a joint venture                                               23,923          25,298
     Prepayments                                                    16          6,552          13,290
     Loans receivable                                               16         29,020          29,238
     Refundable deposits                                                       15,416          16,245
     Amounts due from related parties                               18          6,500          13,500
     Deferred tax assets                                            21        153,269         155,886
     Life insurance policy                                                     24,111          24,548


                                                                           12,532,803      12,713,643


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                               63,350          55,935
     Accounts and other receivables                                 16        261,508         205,348
     Amounts due from related parties                               18         73,047          15,243
     Tax recoverable                                                           67,168          67,180
     Loan receivable                                                16         20,000               –
     Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       (“FVTPL”)                                                    17         45,153               –
     Bank balances and cash                                                   759,605         905,782


                                                                            1,289,831       1,249,488




46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                               As at June 30, 2026




                                                                  As at                As at
                                                               June 30,         December 31,
                                               NOTES              2026                 2025
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables                     19               758,015               702,364
Amounts due to related parties                  18                26,433                25,191
Lease liabilities                                                 74,851                52,353
Tax payables                                                      37,823                38,245
Bank borrowings                                 20               738,911               622,890


                                                              1,636,033              1,441,043


Net current liabilities                                         (346,202)             (191,555)


Total assets less current liabilities                        12,186,601             12,522,088


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                               337,407                333,004
Deferred tax liabilities                        21            1,142,439              1,150,714
Bank borrowings                                 20            1,742,954              1,839,549


                                                              3,222,800              3,323,267


Net assets                                                    8,963,801              9,198,821


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                   22                  178                    182
Reserves                                                      8,906,690              9,143,364


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                  8,906,868              9,143,546
Non-controlling interests                                        56,933                 55,275


Total equity                                                  8,963,801              9,198,821




                                               Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   47
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                Shares                             Equity-
                                                                               held for                            settled
                                                                             restricted                             share-
                                                                                 share                              based FVTOCI                                           Non–
                                                              Share     Share award Capital Translation Statutory payment revaluation             Retained            controlling
                                                             capital premium scheme reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve                         profits Sub-total interests   Total
                                                            RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                                              (Note 23)                 (Note (a))          (Note 15)


     At January 1, 2026 (audited)                               182 8,707,956      (3) (402,843)    (76,879) 235,370       64,652      (36,470)    651,581 9,143,546      55,275 9,198,821


     Profit for the period                                        –         –       –         –           –          –             –         –     107,369    107,369      2,951 110,320
     Other comprehensive expense for the period                   –         –       –         –     (84,399)         –             –         –           –    (84,399)    (1,293) (85,692)


     Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period          –         –       –         –     (84,399)         –             –         –     107,369     22,970      1,658    24,628


     Shares cancelled (Note 22)                                  (4)        4       –         –           –          –             –         –           –           –         –         –
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
       payments (Note 23)                                         –        –        –         –           –          –      5,965            –           –       5,965         –    5,965
     Vesting of restricted shares                                 –    6,786        *         –           –          –     (6,786)           –           –           –         –        –
     Repurchase of shares (Note (b))                              – (165,613)       –         –           –          –          –            –           –    (165,613)        – (165,613)
     Dividends recognised as distribution (Note 12)               – (100,000)       –         –           –          –          –            –           –    (100,000)        – (100,000)
     Transfer to statutory reserve (Note (a))                     –        –        –         –           –     39,014          –            –     (39,014)          –         –        –


     At June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                               178 8,449,133      (3) (402,843)   (161,278) 274,384       63,831      (36,470)    719,936 8,906,868      56,933 8,963,801

     *         The amount is less than RMB1,000.




48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                        Interim Report 2026
    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                          Shares                                Equity-
                                                                         held for                               settled
                                                                       restricted                                share-
                                                                            share                                based     FVTOCI                                       Non-
                                                       Share     Share     award Capital Translation Statutory payment revaluation           Retained              controlling
                                                      capital premium scheme reserve        reserve reserve reserve        reserve             profits   Sub-total interests   Total
                                                    RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                          RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                                       (Note 23)                     (Note (a))          (Note 15)


At January 1, 2025 (audited)                            182 8,768,724        (3) (402,843)    (20,827) 152,490         66,089           – 1,710,607 10,274,419       79,768 10,354,187


Loss for the period                                       –         –         –         –           –            –            –         – (1,039,916) (1,039,916)    (4,204) (1,044,120)
Other comprehensive expense for the period                –         –         –         –     (13,065)           –            –   (48,627)         – (61,692)          (526) (62,218)


Total comprehensive expense for the period                –         –         –         –     (13,065)           –            –   (48,627) (1,039,916) (1,101,608)   (4,730) (1,106,338)


Recognition of equity–settled
  share–based payments (Note 23)                          –         –         –         –            –          –       15,201          –           –      15,201         –     15,201
Vesting of restricted shares                              –    20,422         *         –            –          –      (20,422)         –           –           –         –          –
Dividends to non–controlling interests                    –         –         –         –            –          –            –          –           –           –    (9,125)    (9,125)
Transfer to statutory reserve (Note (a))                  –         –         –         –            –     54,495            –          –     (54,495)          –         –          –


At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                            182 8,789,146        (3) (402,843)    (33,892) 206,985         60,868     (48,627)    616,196 9,188,012      65,913 9,253,925

*         The amount is less than RMB1,000.

Notes:

(a)       Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). According to the
          relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
          their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
          until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
          distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
          non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

(b)       During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company made a series of repurchases of its own ordinary shares through
          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) totalling 83,884,500 shares as follows (six months
          ended June 30, 2025: Nil):

                                                                       Price per share
          Months of                                    No. of      Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                                       Aggregate
          repurchase                         ordinary shares          Lowest       Highest                                                                consideration paid


          March                                    6,306,000                  2.26                 2.37              HK$14,602,000 (equivalent to RMB12,940,000)
          April                                   13,360,000                  2.38                 2.47              HK$32,449,000 (equivalent to RMB28,515,000)
          May                                     27,286,500                  2.13                 2.43              HK$62,471,000 (equivalent to RMB54,676,000)
          June                                    36,932,000                  1.95                 2.34              HK$79,666,000 (equivalent to RMB69,482,000)

          The total consideration paid to repurchase the Company’s ordinary shares amounted to RMB165,613,000 during the six
          months ended June 30, 2026 (six months ended June 30, 2025: Nil).




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026                 Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               49
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)     (unaudited)


     Operating activities
     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital        383,480          343,315
     Increase in accounts and other receivables                      (56,160)          (2,993)
     (Increase) decrease in amounts due from related parties         (52,737)          10,969
     Increase (decrease) in accounts and other payables               13,958          (52,112)
     Other changes in working capital and tax paid                   (40,796)         (31,221)


     Net cash from operating activities                              247,745          267,958


     Investing activities
     Interest received from banks                                       1,513             3,872
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL        169,686                 –
     Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                     (214,500)         (40,000)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment              515               120
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                       (101,430)       (124,660)
     Prepayment of property, plant and equipment                            –            (3,822)
     Refund from deposit paid for an equity investment                      –           25,000
     Repayments from related parties                                    1,933                 –
     Advances to a third party (Note 16)                              (50,000)                –
     Repayment from a third party (Note 16)                            30,000                 –
     Advances to related parties                                            –            (1,804)


     Net cash used in investing activities                           (162,283)       (141,294)




50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
              Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026




                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                     (unaudited)     (unaudited)


Financing activities
Interest paid                                                            (46,339)                (44,040)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                          (1,028,793)            (1,604,545)
New bank borrowings raised                                             1,062,565              1,695,513
Repayment of lease liabilities                                           (37,454)                (36,589)
Repayment to related parties                                              (2,387)                  (6,408)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                         (165,613)                       –
Interest paid for lease liabilities                                      (11,178)                (11,814)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                    –                   (9,125)


Net cash used in financing activities                                   (229,199)                (17,008)


Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (143,737)               109,656

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                     905,782                570,821

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      (2,440)                 (827)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period,
 represented by                                                          759,605                679,650


Bank balances and cash                                                   759,605                679,650




                                                       Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     1.   GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
          Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to as
          the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with
          limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961) as
          amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on May 3, 2018 and its shares have
          been listed on the Stock Exchange since June 25, 2019. The addresses of the registered office of the
          Company and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the section “Corporate
          Information” in the interim report.

          The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are principally
          engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive and related services; (ii) management services;
          (iii) women health related services and others; (iv) obstetrics and related medical services; (v) sales of
          medical consumables and equipment.

          The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
          functional currency of the Company.

          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim
          Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) as well as with
          the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
          Exchange.

          Going concern assessment
          In preparing the Group’s condensed financial statements, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”)
          have carefully considered the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current
          liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB346,202,000. The Directors have given careful consideration
          to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing
          whether the Group will have sufficient financial sources to continue as a going concern for a period of
          not less than twelve months from June 30, 2026.

          As at June 30, 2026, the Group has unused banking facilities of approximately RMB1,206,712,000,
          which is available for drawdown and utilisation in the course of ordinary business from the date of the
          approval of these condensed consolidated financial statements. Together with the Group’s cash flow
          projections which cover a period of not less than twelve months from June 30, 2026, the Directors have
          a reasonable expectation that the Group will have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations that
          will be due in the coming twelve months from June 30, 2026. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated
          financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the six months ended June 30, 2026




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
      except for certain financial instruments are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

      The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
      statements for the six months ended June 30, 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s
      annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

      Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting
      Standards issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
      period beginning on January 1, 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated
      financial statements:

      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                      Financial Instruments
      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
      Amendments to IFRS Accounting                  Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards –
       Standards                                      Volume 11

      Except for the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the application of the other
      amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current interim period has had no impact on the
      Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
      set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

      Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the
      Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
      Accounting policies
      Financial liabilities and equity
      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      The Group generally derecognises financial liabilities on the settlement date, which is the date on which
      the liability is extinguished because the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired.

      However, when the Group is using an electronic payment system to settle a financial liability, the financial
      liability is derecognised when the payment instructions are initiated if the following conditions are met:

      •    once the Group initiated a payment instruction, it has no practical ability to withdraw, stop or
           cancel the payment and no practical ability to access the cash that will be used for settlement;
           and

      •    the settlement risk associated with the electronic payment system is insignificant.




                                                                 Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Transition and summary of impact
          The Group has various subsidiaries operating in jurisdictions where the electronic payment systems are
          not instantaneous. Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has applied the exception to
          derecognise financial liabilities settled via such electronic payment systems when the payment instruction
          is initiated. The application of the amendments in the current period has had no impact on the Group’s
          financial position and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out
          in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive and related
          services, management services, women health related services and others, obstetrics and related
          medical services, and sales of medical consumables and equipment, net of discounts.

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, the Group’s revenue is mainly contributed from
          its operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the United States of America (the “U.S.A.”)
          and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”).

          Information reported to the chief executive officers, being the chief operating decision makers (“CODM”),
          for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of
          goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM is categorised into various
          jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating segment by the CODM.




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2026




3.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are operations located
      in the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong (“Greater China”) and the U.S.A. during the six months ended
      June 30, 2026 (six months ended June 30, 2025: the Greater China, and the U.S.A. and Lao People’s
      Democratic Republic (“Laos”) (collectively referred to as “Overseas”)). The following is an analysis of
      the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.

      For the six months ended June 30, 2026:

                                                      Greater China           Overseas           Consolidated
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                        (unaudited)         (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      Revenue
       Segment revenue from external customers               985,842             387,458              1,373,300


      Adjusted EBITDA (defined below)                        305,476                 57,086             362,562
      Depreciation of property, plant and
       equipment and leasehold land (Note 10)                (87,491)            (19,749)              (107,240)
      Amortisation of licenses and non-compete
       agreement (Note 10)                                   (23,152)                     –              (23,152)


      Segment profit (Note)                                  194,833                 37,337             232,170


      Unallocated administrative expenses                                                                (25,840)
      Share-based compensation benefits                                                                   (5,965)
      Interest on bank borrowings                                                                        (46,339)
      Exchange loss, net                                                                                    (263)
      Interest income from banks                                                                           1,513


      Profit before taxation                                                                            155,276




                                                               Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
          For the six months ended June 30, 2025:

                                                                     Greater China                Overseas          Consolidated
                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)              (unaudited)          (unaudited)
                                                                         (restated)               (restated)           (restated)


          Revenue
           Segment revenue from external customers                          985,473                303,114              1,288,587


          Adjusted EBITDA                                                   287,304                 (24,902)              262,402
          Depreciation of property, plant and
           equipment and leasehold land (Note 10)                            (81,042)               (19,458)             (100,500)
          Amortisation of licenses and non-compete
           agreement (Note 10)                                               (23,185)                       –              (23,185)


          Segment profit (loss) (Note)                                      183,077                 (44,360)              138,717


          Unallocated administrative expenses                                                                              (36,051)
          Share-based compensation benefits                                                                                (15,201)
          Interest on bank borrowings                                                                                      (30,522)
          Impairment losses recognised on goodwill,
            license, contractual right to provide
            management services and trademark                                                                            (992,579)
          Contribution to 成都市錦江區婦幼保健院
            Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
            Hospital* (“Jinjiang Maternity”) (Note 5)                                                                      (50,000)
          Impairment under ECL model                                                                                       (99,009)
          Exchange loss, net                                                                                                 (7,728)
          Interest income from banks                                                                                          3,873


          Loss before taxation                                                                                         (1,088,500)

          *     The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
                translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

          Note: Segment profit for the six months ended June 30, 2026 excludes share-based compensation benefits, exchange loss,
                net, interest income from banks, interest on bank borrowings and unallocated administrative expenses (six months
                ended June 30, 2025: share-based compensation benefits, exchange loss, net, interest income from banks, interest
                on bank borrowings, impairment losses recognised on goodwill, license, contractual right to provide management
                services and trademark, contribution to Jinjiang Maternity, impairment under ECL model and unallocated administrative
                expenses).




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2026




3.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the measurement of segment results has changed compared
      with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 and
      condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2025. In current period,
      the CODM changes to assess the performance of the operating segments principally based on Adjusted
      EBITDA and segment profit, and all of interest on bank borrowings, exchange loss, net, interest income
      from banks, impairment under ECL model and certain non-recurring items (e.g. contribution to Jinjiang
      Maternity) are considered as unallocated items and no longer included in the measurement of segment
      profit. Comparative figures of segment information for the six months ended June 30, 2025 have been
      restated to conform with the current period’s presentation.

      Adjusted EBITDA is defined as profit (loss) for the period before interest on bank borrowings, taxation,
      depreciation of property, plant and equipment and leasehold land, amortisation of licenses and non-
      compete agreement and other items excluded from the segment profit (loss) as described above.




                                                               Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
          Revenue from major services
          Types of services
          For the six months ended June 30, 2026:

                                                            Greater China      Overseas           Total
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)    (unaudited)    (unaudited)


          Assisted reproductive and related services              588,973       101,917        690,890
          Management services                                      17,881       285,541        303,422
          Women health related services and others                173,532             –        173,532
          Obstetrics and related medical services                 139,310             –        139,310
          Sales of medical consumables and
           equipment                                               66,146              –         66,146


          Total                                                   985,842       387,458      1,373,300


          For the six months ended June 30, 2025:

                                                             Greater China      Overseas           Total
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                               (unaudited)    (unaudited)    (unaudited)


          Assisted reproductive and related services              596,937        76,713        673,650
          Management services                                      26,255       226,401        252,656
          Women health related services and others                158,809             –        158,809
          Obstetrics and related medical services                 139,378             –        139,378
          Sales of medical consumables and
           equipment                                               64,094              –         64,094


          Total                                                   985,473       303,114      1,288,587




58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                          For the six months ended June 30, 2026




3.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Revenue from major services (Continued)
      Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)             (unaudited)


      A point in time recognition                                              783,127               657,113
      Over time recognition                                                    590,173               631,474


      Total                                                                  1,373,300             1,288,587


      Geographical information
      On June 30, 2026, the non-current assets located in the Greater China and Overseas amounted to
      RMB8,802,820,000 and RMB3,490,102,000, respectively (December 31, 2025: RMB8,880,708,000 and
      RMB3,582,390,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025
      excluded equity instrument at FVTOCI, loans receivable, refundable deposits, deferred tax assets and
      amounts due from related parties-non-current.

      Information about major customers
      Revenue from customers of the corresponding periods contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
      Group are as follows:

                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)             (unaudited)


      Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group
       (“HRC Medical”)                                                         307,785               228,330




                                                             Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   59
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     4.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)             (unaudited)


          Interest income from banks                                                                1,513                 3,873
          Government grants                                                                         3,479                 1,017
          Others                                                                                    6,910                 7,898


                                                                                                  11,902                 12,788


     5.   OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)             (unaudited)


          Contribution to Jinjiang Maternity (Note)                                                     –                50,000
          Compensations                                                                                 –                 1,019
          Others                                                                                      200                 1,436


                                                                                                      200                52,455

          Note: During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group provided one-off contribution amounted to RMB50,000,000
                to Jinjiang Maternity with the special aim of enhancing Jinjiang Maternity’s capacity. Jinjiang Maternity is a non-
                profit maternity and child healthcare hospital established in the PRC and the Group provided management service
                to Jinjiang Maternity in return for management service fees. Jinjiang Maternity is no longer a related party as the
                entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company since January 19, 2024.




60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2026




6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)              (unaudited)


      Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                                            339                    256
      Exchange loss, net                                                                             (263)                (7,728)
      Gain on early termination of leases                                                           3,238                      -
      Net (loss) gain on a life insurance policy                                                     (437)                   331
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              (446)                  (641)
      Others                                                                                         (120)                    15


      Total                                                                                         2,311                 (7,767)


7.    IMPAIRMENT UNDER ECL MODEL
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)              (unaudited)


      Impairment losses recognised in respect of
      Refundable deposit (Note i)                                                                         –               20,000
      Amounts due from related parties (Note ii)                                                          –               79,009


                                                                                                          –               99,009
      Notes:

      (i)     Pursuant to the subscription deposit agreement entered into between the Group and an independent third party on
              June 15, 2021, the Group paid a refundable deposit of RMB50,000,000 for a potential investment. In accordance
              with the final arbitration dated May 15, 2025, the independent third party shall refund RMB25,000,000 to the Group.
              As a result, the Group has recognised an ECL provision of RMB20,000,000 and written off the carrying amounts of
              this refundable deposit during the six months ended June 30, 2025.

      (ii)    During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group conducted an individual assessment of the amount due from
              成都錦霖企業管理有限公司 (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Chengdu Jinlin”), 成都錦誠弘達企
              業管理有限公司 (Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Jincheng Hongda”) and 成都錦欣
              愛囝醫院有限公司 (Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd.*) (“Jinxin Aijian”) and provided ECL of RMB14,868,000,
              RMB47,885,000 and RMB16,256,000, respectively.

      *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
              translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.




                                                                            Interim Report 2026      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    61
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     8.   IMPAIRMENT ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
          trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement acquired have been allocated to seven (2025: seven)
          individual cash-generating units (the “CGU”) and a group of CGUs (2025: a group of CGUs).

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, as the Group remains in normal operating condition, the
          management concludes that no indication for impairment or reversal of impairment loss existed at the
          end of June 30, 2026. Consequently, no impairment loss on goodwill has been recognised and no
          impairment loss on intangible assets was recognised or reversed.

          During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the operating performance of HRC Management and its
          subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “HRC Management Group”) fell below projections and the
          implementation of California’s insurance coverage for IVF under Senate Bill 729 was postponed. In
          response, the Group adjusted its strategic direction and performed revision on its cash flow projections
          accordingly. The recoverable amount of HRC Management Group is determined based on a value in
          use calculation. The Group has consequently recognised impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
          directly related to HRC Management Group amounting to RMB952,413,000. Goodwill related to HRC
          Management Group amounting to RMB631,594,000 has been fully impaired and impairment amounting
          to RMB320,819,000 has been allocated pro rata to non-current assets of the CGU directly related to
          HRC Management Group, to the extent the carrying amount of these non-current assets are not reduced
          below the highest of (i) fair value less costs of disposal, (ii) value in use, and (iii) zero. Accordingly,
          the Group has recognised impairment loss of contractual right to provide management services and
          trademarks amounting to RMB215,556,000 and RMB105,263,000 respectively.

          During the six months end June 30, 2025, the Group recognised an impairment loss of RMB40,166,000
          against the license recognised upon the acquisition of Jinrui Medical Center due to its suspension of
          operations in Laos. Given that no future cash inflow is expected, the non-current assets of the CGU
          directly related to Jinrui Medical Center have been fully impaired. The impairment loss of the license has
          been classified within impairment losses recognised on goodwill, license, contractual right to provide
          management services and trademark in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.




62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2026




9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)             (unaudited)


      Interest on bank borrowings (Note)                                                       46,339                 30,522
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                            11,178                 12,551


                                                                                               57,517                 43,073

      Note:

                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)             (unaudited)


      Total borrowing cost                                                                      46,339                 49,811
      Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                                          –                (19,289)

                                                                                                46,339                 30,522


      Borrowing cost capitalised during the periods ended June 30, 2025 arose on the specific borrowings and general borrowings.




                                                                         Interim Report 2026     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    63
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     10. PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2026            2025
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                               (unaudited)      (unaudited)


          Profit (loss) before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

          Cost of inventories recognised as expenses
           (representing pharmaceutical products and
           consumables used and sold, included in cost of revenue)                351,751         344,418
          Share-based compensation benefits                                         5,965          15,201
          Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative expenses)           22,438          22,438
          Amortisation of non-compete agreement
           (included in administrative expenses)                                      714             747
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                           105,384         100,500
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets
           – Depreciation of leasehold land                                         1,856            1,856
           – Depreciation of leased properties and equipment                       39,145           42,061


          Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                41,001           43,917


          Capitalised in construction in progress                                        –          (1,856)


                                                                                   41,001           42,061




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CREDIT)
                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                         (unaudited)              (unaudited)


   Current tax:
    PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                             34,587               37,020
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                          1,517                2,046
    California State Income Tax                                                        –                  169
    Under (over) provision in respect of prior year                                  496               (2,373)


                                                                                  36,600               36,862


   Deferred tax:
    Current period (Note 21)                                                       8,356              (81,242)


                                                                                  44,956              (44,380)


   The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries incorporated
   in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI from a BVI tax
   perspective.

   Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the six months
   ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

   Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing 21% of the
   applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State Income Tax
   rate for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 for their operations in the U.S.A. There was
   no assessable profit that was subject to U.S.A. Federal Income Tax during the six months ended June
   30, 2026 and 2025.

   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of
   the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC is 25%, except
   for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western Region” and
   eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are tax residents in the
   PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC tax resident immediate
   holding company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed earnings are declared to be paid
   as dividends out of profits that arose on or after January 1, 2008.




                                                            Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   65
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     12. DIVIDENDS
          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, a final cash dividend in respect of the year ended December
          31, 2025 of HK$4.18 cents (equivalent to RMB3.70 cents) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount
          of RMB100,000,000, has been proposed by the Directors and approved by the shareholders in the
          annual general meeting held on June 25, 2026.

          During the six months ended June 30, 2025, no dividend were paid, declared or proposed to owners
          of the Company.

          The Directors do not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended June
          30, 2026 (six months ended June 30, 2025: Nil).

     13. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
          The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company
          is based on the following data:

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)         (unaudited)


          Earnings (loss)
          Earnings (loss) for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings
            (loss) per share
          (profit (loss) for the period attributable to owners of the
            Company)                                                                 107,369         (1,039,916)


                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                 (unaudited)         (unaudited)


          Number of shares
          Weighted average number of shares for the purpose of basic
           earnings (loss) per share                                          2,627,476,155      2,678,507,404

          Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
            Restricted shares units (“RSUs”) issued by the Company               24,567,456                    –


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
           purpose of diluted earnings (loss) per share                       2,652,043,611      2,678,507,404




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026




13. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE (Continued)
   For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
   purpose of calculation of basic earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary shares
   held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme (as defined in Note 23) and the effect of the ordinary
   shares repurchased by the Company as described in condensed consolidated statement of changes in
   equity. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for
   the purpose of calculation of basic loss per share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary shares
   held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme.

   For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
   purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of assumption of
   the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from RSUs. The computation of diluted
   earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share options because the exercise
   price of those share options was higher than the average market price for shares for the six months
   ended June 30, 2026.

   For the six months ended June 30, 2025, as the Group incurred loss, the potential ordinary shares
   arising from RSUs were not included in the calculation of dilutive loss per share where their inclusion
   would be anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per share is same as basic loss per share.

14. MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-
    USE ASSETS
   During the current interim period, the Group acquired approximately RMB49,861,000 of property, plant
   and equipment to expand and upgrade certain fixed assets and hospital premises primarily in the PRC.
   (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB115,465,000 for acquisition of property, plant and equipment
   to expand and upgrade certain fixed assets and hospital premises primarily in the PRC and the U.S.A).

   During the current interim period, the Group entered into four new lease agreements of buildings for
   the use of various buildings for 24 months, 30 months, 36 months and 60 months, respectively (six
   months ended June 30, 2025: the Group entered into three new lease agreements of buildings for
   the use of various buildings for 120 months, 126 months and 126 months respectively). On lease
   commencement, the Group recognised approximately RMB38,536,000 (six months ended June 30,
   2025: RMB113,999,000) of right-of-use assets and approximately RMB38,536,000 (six months ended
   June 30, 2025: RMB113,999,000) of lease liabilities.

   During the current interim period, the Group terminated a lease contract with a lessor and derecognised
   a right-of-use asset with carrying amount of RMB10,787,000 and a lease liability with carrying amount
   of RMB14,025,000, resulting in a gain on disposal of RMB3,238,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
   Nil) as disclosed in Note 6.




                                                            Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   67
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     15. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI
          The Directors have elected to designate its equity investment in Jincheng Hongda as equity instrument
          at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in this unlisted investment’s fair value
          on profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding this unlisted investment
          for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run. During the six months
          ended June 30, 2026, no gain or loss on fair value change of equity investment at FVTOCI was
          recognised due to no change of financial position and performance of Jincheng Hongda since December
          31, 2025 (six months ended June 30, 2025: loss on fair value change of equity investment at FVTOCI
          of RMB48,627,000 was recognised due to Jincheng Hongda’s unsuccessful investment in andrology
          business by Jinxin Aijian, a wholly owned subsidiary of Jincheng Hongda). At June 30, 2026, the fair
          value of the equity investment at FVTOCI was RMB35,676,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB35,676,000).

     16. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                       At                     At
                                                                                                 June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                              (unaudited)              (audited)


          Accounts receivables                                                                     169,113                137,791
          Other receivables and prepayments:
           Prepayments to suppliers                                                                  48,101                 45,878
           Loans receivable                                                                          49,020                 29,238
          Others                                                                                     50,846                 34,969


                                                                                                   317,080                247,876


          Less: Prepayments classified as non-current assets                                         (6,552)               (13,290)
          Less: Loans receivable classified as non-current assets (Note i)                          (29,020)               (29,238)
          Less: Loan receivable classified as current assets (Note ii)                              (20,000)                     –


          Total accounts and other receivables as current assets                                   261,508                205,348

          Notes:

          (i)    The amounts represent United States dollars (“US$”) 3,205,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB22,516,000)
                 (December 31, 2025: US$3,205,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB22,526,000)) loan receivable from a shareholder
                 of an associate and US$955,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,504,000) (December 31, 2025: US$955,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,712,000)) loan receivable from a supplier of the Group. These amounts are
                 unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The loans receivable from a supplier of the Group and a shareholder
                 of an associate are not expected to be collected within one year and are therefore classified as non-current assets
                 (December 31, 2025: non-current assets) in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position.

          (ii)   The amount represents RMB20,000,000 (December 31, 2025: Nil) loan receivable from a third party to the Group.
                 The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The loan receivable is expected to be collected
                 within one year and are therefore classified as current asset in the condensed consolidated statement of financial
                 position.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026




16. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The individual customers of 成都錦江西囡診所有限公司 (Chengdu Jinxin Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd.*) (“Chengdu
   Xinan Clinic”), 深圳中山婦產醫院有限公司 (Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital
   Co., Ltd.*), 武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司 (Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics
   Hospital Co., Ltd.*), Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd., Hong Kong Reproductive Health
   Centre Ltd., 四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院有限公司 (Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital Co.,
   Ltd.*) (“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”), 雲南錦欣九洲醫院有限公司 (Yunan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital
   Co., Ltd.*) and 昆明錦欣和萬家婦產醫院有限公司 (Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology
   Hospital Co., Ltd.*) would usually settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards or governments’
   social insurance schemes. Payments by governments’ social insurance schemes will normally be settled
   by the local social insurance bureau and similar government departments which are responsible for the
   reimbursement of medical expenses for patients who are covered by the government medical insurance
   schemes within 90 days (December 31, 2025: 90 days) from the transaction date.

   The individual customers of HRC Management Group would usually settle by cash or payments through
   insurance schemes. Payments by insurance schemes will normally be settled by commercial insurance
   companies from 60 to 365 days (December 31, 2025: 60 to 365 days) from the transaction date.

   The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital usually settle by
   cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days (December 31, 2025: 60 to 180 days)
   from the transaction date.

   The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date at the
   end of the reporting period.

                                                                                As at                As at
                                                                             June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                2026                 2025
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)             (audited)


   Within 90 days                                                                 83,890             126,693
   91 to 180 days                                                                 32,780               2,148
   Over 180 days                                                                  52,443               8,950


                                                                              169,113                137,791


   *   The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by
       the Directors to directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English
       names.




                                                            Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   69
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     17. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
          As at June 30, 2026, the balances represent wealth management products held by the Group amounted
          to RMB45,153,000 (December 31, 2025: Nil).

          The wealth management products subscribed by the Group are issued by financial institutions with no
          guaranteed principal and return, depending on the performance of the underlying financial investments.
          The wealth management products can be redeemable on demand. The wealth management products
          are classified as financial assets at FVTPL on initial recognition.

     18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED
         PARTIES
          Amounts due from related parties
                                                                                                      As at                 As at
                                                                                                   June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


          Trade in nature
          HRC Medical (Note iii)                                                                       49,141                    731
          成都錦欣信息科技有限公司 (Chengdu Jinxin Information
            Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Chengdu Jinxin Information”)
            (Note iv)                                                                                       59                       –
          成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司 (Chengdu Jinxin Medical
            Investment Management Group Co., Ltd.,*) (“Chengdu
            Jinxin Investment”) and its other affiliates (Notes i & ii)                                16,847                 12,579


                                                                                                       66,047                 13,310


          Non-trade in nature
          Loans receivable:
            Chengdu Jinlin (Note v)                                                                    13,500                 13,500
          Other receivables:
            Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note vi)                                            –                1,222
            Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)                                       –                  711


                                                                                                       13,500                 15,433


          Total                                                                                        79,547                 28,743

          *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
                  translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2026




18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED
    PARTIES (Continued)
  Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
  The following is a liquidity analysis of amounts due from related parties based on managements’
  estimation on the repayment schedule.

                                                                                                At                     At
                                                                                          June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)              (audited)


  Analysed as:
   Current                                                                                    73,047                 15,243
   Non-current                                                                                 6,500                 13,500


                                                                                              79,547                 28,743

  Notes:

  (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company. The
          amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (December 31, 2025: 365 days) at the end of the reporting period.

  (iii)   The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment Holding, LLC (“HRC Investment”).
          The amount represents receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services provided in accordance
          with management services agreement. The amount is unsecured and interest-free. The trade balance at June 30,
          2026 based on invoice date is aged within 90 days (2025: 90 days) and not past due nor impaired.

  (iv)    The entity is a subsidiary of the joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable
          on demand.

  (v)     The carrying amount of the receivable from Chengdu Jinlin was approximately RMB13,500,000 as at June 30, 2026
          (December 31, 2025: RMB13,500,000). As at December 31, 2025, RMB13,500,000 is expected by the Directors not
          to be collected within one year and is therefore classified as non-current assets. As at June 30, 2026, the Directors
          expect RMB7,000,000 of this receivable to be collectible within one year and this portion has been classified as
          current assets, whilst the remaining RMB6,500,000 is expected to be collected after one year, is classified as non-
          current assets. On July 30, 2026, RMB7,000,000 of the receivable was settled in cash.

  (vi)    The entity is a subsidiary of an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable
          on demand.




                                                                        Interim Report 2026     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    71
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED
         PARTIES (Continued)
          Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
          The following is an aged analysis of amounts due from related parties which are trade in nature presented
          based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                      As at                 As at
                                                                                                   June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


          Within 90 days                                                                               54,002                  3,948
          91 to 180 days                                                                                2,849                  1,254
          Over 180 days                                                                                 9,196                  8,108


                                                                                                       66,047                 13,310


          Amounts due to related parties

                                                                                                      As at                 As at
                                                                                                   June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


          Trade in nature
          四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司 (Sichuan Mocodo Medical
            Products Co., Ltd.*) (“Sichuan Mocodo”) (Note i)                                              960                  1,989
          Chengdu Jinxin Information (Note ii)                                                            480                  1,509
          Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note v)                                        13,349                  5,644
          Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)                                   9,278                 11,296


                                                                                                       24,067                 20,438


          Non-trade in nature
          HRC Medical (Note iii)                                                                        1,668                  1,940
          Shedoor Global Limited (Note iv)                                                                  –                    633
          Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)                                     698                  2,180


                                                                                                        2,366                  4,753


          Total                                                                                        26,433                 25,191

          *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
                  translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2026




18. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED
    PARTIES (Continued)
  Amounts due to related parties (Continued)

  Notes:

  (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company. The
          amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable
          on demand.

  (iii)   The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. The amounts are unsecured,
          interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (iv)    The entity is an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (v)     The entity is a subsidiary of an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable
          on demand.


  The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature presented
  based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                                          June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)              (audited)


  Within 90 days                                                                              15,482                 12,217
  91 to 180 days                                                                               4,714                  2,381
  Over 180 days                                                                                3,871                  5,840


                                                                                              24,067                 20,438




                                                                        Interim Report 2026     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    73
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     19. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                                  June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                     2026                  2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)              (audited)


          Accounts payables                                                                         239,658                228,181


          Other payables:
           Construction payables                                                                     31,420                 89,727
           Consideration payables (Note i)                                                          110,004                110,004
           Refundable customers’ deposits                                                            98,839                 88,461
           Accrued employee expenses                                                                101,760                116,930
           Accrued professional expenses                                                             32,779                 23,209
           Value-added tax and other tax payables                                                     3,414                  3,521
           Deferred income (Note ii)                                                                  8,740                 10,620
           Dividend payables                                                                        100,000                      –
           Others                                                                                    31,401                 31,711


                                                                                                    518,357                474,183


          Total accounts and other payables                                                         758,015                702,364

          Notes:

          (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loan payables to the former shareholders of 深圳市恆裕聯翔投資發
                 展有限公司 (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Shenzhen Hengyu”). Pursuant to the
                 equity transfer agreement entered into on February 4, 2022, certain consideration is payable by the Group to the
                 former shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year
                 as at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025: certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former shareholders
                 upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year).

          (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with conditions
                 not yet fulfilled.

          *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to directly
                 translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

          The credit period of accounts payables is generally from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.




74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2026




19. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
   The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at the end
   of the reporting period.

                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)             (audited)


   Within 90 days                                                            177,451               206,314
   91 to 180 days                                                             28,820                 6,177
   181 to 365 days                                                            17,615                 8,203
   Over 365 days                                                              15,772                 7,487


                                                                             239,658               228,181


20. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)             (audited)


   Bank borrowings-guaranteed                                              2,481,865             2,462,439


   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:

   Within one year                                                           738,911               622,890
   Within a period of more than one year but not
    exceeding two years                                                    1,293,046               357,860
   Within a period of more than two years but not
    exceeding five years                                                     396,115             1,418,442
   Within a period of more than five years                                    53,793                63,247


                                                                           2,481,865             2,462,439


   Less: Amounts due within one year shown
          under current liabilities                                         (738,911)             (622,890)


   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                             1,742,954             1,839,549




                                                           Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     20. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group obtained new borrowings amounting to
          RMB1,062,565,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB1,695,513,000) and made repayments
          amounting to approximately RMB1,028,793,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB1,604,545,000).
          The borrowings carry a weighted average annual interest of 3.61% as at June 30, 2026 (December
          31, 2025: 4.36%) and are repayable between 2026 and 2034 (December 31, 2025: repayable between
          2026 and 2034).

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026 and the year ended December 31, 2025, certain subsidiaries
          of the Company are required to comply with some financial covenants, which were complied with
          at each test date on or before the end of the reporting period and classified the related bank loans
          balances as non-current.

     21. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                      Fair value                                 adjustment
                                                                   adjustments                                        arising
                                                  Accelerated      arising from                                  from equity
                                                           tax    acquisition of                               instrument at
                                                  depreciation     subsidiaries     Tax losses ECL provision         FVTOCI        Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


          At January 1, 2025 (audited)                  (3,883)      (1,230,342)      124,487              –               –    (1,109,738)
          Charged (credited) to profit or loss
             during the period (Note 11)                  382            81,273          (413)             –               –       81,242
          Exchange realignment                              –             2,099             –              –               –        2,099


          At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                  (3,501)      (1,146,970)      124,074              –               –    (1,026,397)
          Charged (credited) to profit or loss
             during the period                            145             (8,495)       1,875         19,752               –       13,277
          Charged to other comprehensive
             income during the period                        –                –              –             –          12,157       12,157
          Exchange realignment                               –            8,108         (1,973)            –               –        6,135


          At December 31, 2025 and
             January 1, 2026 (audited)                  (3,356)      (1,147,357)      123,976         19,752          12,157     (994,828)
          Credited to profit or loss during the
             period (Note 11)                             (393)          (7,963)             –             –               –       (8,356)
          Exchange realignment                               –           16,630         (2,616)            –               –       14,014


          At June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                  (3,749)      (1,138,690)      121,360         19,752          12,157     (989,170)




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        Interim Report 2026
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30, 2026




21. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                     June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                  (unaudited)            (audited)


   Deferred tax liabilities                                                        (1,142,439)           (1,150,714)
   Deferred tax assets                                                                153,269               155,886


                                                                                     (989,170)             (994,828)


22. SHARE CAPITAL
   The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                                Number                  Share                Share
                                                               of shares               capital              capital
                                                                                         US$               RMB’000


   Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
   Authorised:
   At January 1, 2025, December 31, 2025 and
     June 30, 2026                                        5,000,000,000                  50,000                   345


   Issued:
   At January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025
     (audited)                                            2,757,706,043                  27,578                   182
   Shares cancelled (Note)                                  (52,662,000)                   (527)                   (4)


   At June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                           2,705,044,043                  27,051                   178

   Note:

   Pursuant to the respective repurchase mandates, the Company made a series of repurchases of the shares on the Stock
   Exchange between July 29, 2024 and August 30, 2024 totalling 13,000,000 shares, as well as repurchases of the shares
   between December 5, 2025 and December 17, 2025 totalling 39,662,000 shares. On April 9, 2026, the above shares
   repurchased by the Company are cancelled. Accordingly, the total number of issued shares were reduced by 52,662,000
   shares from 2,757,706,043 shares to 2,705,044,043 shares.




                                                                   Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
          Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
          The Company’s share option scheme (the “2025 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
          shareholders’ resolution passed on December 5, 2025 for the primary purpose of providing incentives
          to eligible participants, including directors and eligible employees. The 2025 Share Option Scheme will
          be valid and effective for a period of ten years, commencing from December 5, 2025. Under the 2025
          Share Option Scheme, the Directors may grant options to eligible participants of the 2025 Share Option
          Scheme, including directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares of the Company.

          At December 31, 2025, the number of shares in respect of which options had been granted and remained
          outstanding under the 2025 Share Option Scheme was 139,335,000, representing approximately 5% of
          the shares of the Company in issue at that date. The total number of shares in respect of which options
          may be granted under the 2025 Share Option Scheme is not permitted to exceed 7% of the shares of
          the Company in issue at any point in time, without prior approval from the Company’s shareholders. The
          number of shares issued and to be issued in respect of which options granted and may be granted to
          any individual in any one year is not permitted to exceed 0.7% of the shares of the Company in issue
          at any point in time, without prior approval from the Company’s shareholders. During the year ended
          December 31, 2025, the number of share options granted to Mr. Dong Yang, Dr. Lyu Rong and Ms.
          Duan Hongmei under the 2025 Share Option Scheme represent approximately 3%, 1%, and 1% of the
          shares of the Company in issue as at December 5, 2025, respectively. The share options granted has
          been approved by the Company’s shareholders on December 5, 2025.

          Options may be exercised at any time from 12 months from the date of grant of the share option to
          the 10th anniversary of the date of grant. The exercise price was determined by the Directors, and will
          not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of grant, (ii) the
          average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant;
          and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share.

          On December 5, 2025 (being the date of grant), the Company has conditionally granted a total of
          137,235,000 share options under the 2025 Share Option Scheme to Mr. Dong Yang, Dr. Lyu Rong and
          Ms. Duan Hongmei (the “Grant”), as well as a total of 2,100,000 share options to several non-executive
          directors (“Non-executive Grantees”). The Grant consists of 4 vesting tranches, 34,308,750 share
          options per tranche, with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of market conditions,
          assuming continued employment through each vesting date. Each of the 4 vesting tranches of the share
          options will vest upon the average market capitalisation of the Company reaches HK$10,000,000,000,
          HK$15,000,000,000, HK$20,000,000,000 and HK$25,000,000,000, respectively, for any 20 consecutive
          trading days over the ten years starting from December 5, 2025 and ending December 4, 2035. No
          performance targets are attached to the options granted to Non-executive Grantees. Each Non-executive
          Grantee shall vest 33.33% of the full award on the each of the three anniversaries of the date of grant.

          There was no grant, lapse, exercise or forfeiture of share options during the six months ended June
          30, 2026.

          Out of outstanding share options of 139,335,000, no option was exercisable as at June 30, 2026
          (December 31, 2025: Nil).




78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2026




23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
   The share options were granted on December 5, 2025, and the estimated fair values of the options
   granted on that date is RMB110,178,000 (equivalent to HK$121,200,000).

   The Directors estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the China government bonds with a
   maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at grant date
   based on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length commensurable
   to the time of maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield is based on management estimation
   at the grant date.

   The Group recognised the total expense of RMB863,000 during the six months ended June 30, 2026
   (six months ended June 30, 2025: Nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.

   Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”)
   On February 15, 2019 (the “2019 Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme (the “2019
   RSU Scheme”), which commences on the 2019 Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless
   and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated
   earlier by a resolution of the board of Directors. During the year ended December 31, 2024, after due
   and careful consideration, the Directors decided that no further grant shall be made under the 2019
   RSU Scheme and has resolved to terminate it after due and careful consideration, provided that the
   awards previously granted under the 2019 RSU Scheme shall continue to be in full force and effect in
   accordance with the provisions thereof.

   On February 17, 2022 (the “2022 Adoption Date”), the Company approved a RSU Scheme (the “2022
   RSU Scheme”). The purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of
   the 2022 RSU Scheme (the “2022 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary
   interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2022 Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the
   value of the Company and the shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and
   (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating,
   compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2022 Selected Participants. The 2022 RSU Scheme
   commences on the 2022 Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and until being terminated
   upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of
   the board of Directors.

   The total number of the 2022 restricted share units (the “2022 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
   pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total approximately 3% (i.e. 75,227,514 shares)
   of the Company’s issued share capital as at the 2022 Adoption Date (the “2022 RSU Scheme Limit”),
   provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 RSU Scheme Limit of any
   shares where the right to acquire such shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with
   the 2022 RSU Scheme.




                                                              Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
          Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
          On December 5, 2025 (the “2025 Adoption Date”), the Company approved a new RSU Scheme
          (the “2025 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of the 2025 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
          participants of the 2025 RSU Scheme (the “2025 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire
          proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2025 Selected Participants to work towards
          enhancing the value of the Company and the shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders
          as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward,
          remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2025 Selected Participants. The 2025
          RSU Scheme commences on the 2025 Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and until
          being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier
          by a resolution of the board of Directors.

          The above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been deducted from
          shareholders’ equity as shown in the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity under
          shares held for restricted share award scheme and share premium.

          The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU Scheme.

          The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on December 5, 2025. The
          fair value of the RSUs granted on December 5, 2025 were assessed to be RMB2,450,000.

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, there was no grant or lapse of RSUs. 2,000,000 RSUs
          were vested and 1,799,000 RSUs were forfeited during the period (six months ended June 30, 2025:
          no grant or lapse of RSUs, 4,960,000 RSUs were vested and 3,039,000 RSUs were forfeited).

          The Group recognised the total expense of RMB5,102,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (six
          months ended June 30, 2025: RMB15,201,000) in relation to RSUs granted by the Company.

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that are
          expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in profit
          and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-based payment reserve.




80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                               For the six months ended June 30, 2026




24. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Group has been involved in legal proceedings and claims during the current interim period that arise
   in the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute claims brought
   by the former patients or employees over the past few years.

   The Group has been vigorously defending these legal proceedings and claims. The Directors believe that
   the final outcome of these outstanding legal proceedings and claims will not have a material impact on
   the financial position or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined
   with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no material provision has been made
   regarding these legal proceedings and claims during the current interim period.

25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                   June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                      2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)            (audited)


   Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and
    equipment contracted for but not provided in the condensed
    consolidated financial statements                                                   6,798               97,390


26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Fair value measurements and valuation processes
   The Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at June 30, 2026 include other financial assets
   at FVTPL and equity instrument at FVTOCI (December 31, 2025: equity instrument at FVTOCI).

   The fair values of these financial assets are determined (in particular, the valuation technique (s) and
   inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
   categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is
   observable.

   •    Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
        identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

   •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
        within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly
        (i.e. derived from prices); and

   •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest
        level inputs which are significant to the fair value measurement for the asset or liability that are
        not based on observable market data (significant unobservable inputs).




                                                                  Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   81
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
          Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured
          at fair value on a recurring basis
          The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined
          (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                        Fair value as at
                                                                                                              Significant         Relationship of
                                      June 30,    December     Fair value   Valuation techniques              unobservable        unobservable inputs to
          Financial assets               2026      31, 2025    hierarchy    and key inputs                    inputs              fair value
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                   (unaudited)     (audited)


          Other financial assets       45,153              –   Level 2      Discounted cash flow.             N/A                 N/A
            at FVTPL                                                        Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                               based on discount rate
                                                                               observed in the contract and
                                                                               available market.

          Equity instrument at         35,676        35,676    Level 3      Income approach                   The discount rate   The higher the discount rate,
            FVTOCI                                                          Key inputs: discount rate and                           the lower the fair value,
                                                                               market rent                                          and vice versa.


          There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the period.




82   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         Interim Report 2026
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026




26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets
                                                                                                                Equity
                                                                                                         instrument at
                                                                                                               FVTOCI
                                                                                                              RMB’000


   At January 1, 2025 (audited)                                                                                        –
   Transfer into level 3 (Note)                                                                                   84,303
   Total loss                                                                                                          –
     – in other comprehensive income                                                                             (48,627)


   At June 30, 2025 and 2026 (unaudited)                                                                          35,676

   Note: The Group owns 19.4% equity interest in Jincheng Hongda which is classified as a financial asset at FVTOCI and
         is measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the investment as at June 30, 2025 and 2026
         was amounted to RMB35,676,000. The fair value of the investment as at January 1, 2025 was measured as recent
         transaction price per table above and hence was classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. During the six
         months ended June 30, 2025, there are no recent comparable transactions available for reference, and accordingly,
         the fair value of the investment as at June 30, 2025 was determined based on a valuation technical with significant
         unobservable inputs and was classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not
   measured at fair value on a recurring basis
   The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are determined
   in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis. The
   management considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured
   at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                      Interim Report 2026    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    83
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     27. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
          In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial
          statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

                                                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
          Name of related
          companies              Relationship                                Nature of transactions                        2026           2025
                                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (unaudited)    (unaudited)


          Chengdu Jinxin         Entity controlled by 成都錦欣尚輝企業管 Purchase of IT services                                     (208)          (410)
            Information            理有限公司 (Chengdu Jinxin Shanghui Sale of medicines, consumables                               3              –
                                   Enterprise Management Co.,Ltd.*)   and equipment by the Group
                                   (Note iii)                       Provision of catering services                            17              –

          Sichuan Mocodo         Entity controlled by Chengdu Jinxin         Purchase of consumables by the                 (185)          (277)
                                   Investment                                  Group

          Jinxin International   Entity controlled by Jinxin International   Marketing expenses                          (10,216)      (13,137)
             Medical Service       Medical Service Company Limited
             Limited               (Note iv)

          Chengdu Jinxin       These related parties and Chengdu             Provision of pathological                       476           322
            Investment and its   Jinxin Investment have the same                examination services by the
            other affiliates     beneficial Shareholders with                   Group
                                 Company                                     Sale of medicines, consumables                8,430         4,627
                                                                                and equipment by the Group
                                                                             Provision of other services                     822              –
                                                                             Provision of catering services                  686          2,937
                                                                             Management service income                        11              –
                                                                             Repayment of lease liability (Note i)       (12,272)      (13,115)
                                                                             Finance cost on lease liability                (626)        (1,784)
                                                                             Rending cleaning services to the             (3,177)        (3,107)
                                                                                Group
                                                                             Rendering of rental services to the            (241)             –
                                                                                Group
                                                                             Rending of dormitory rental to the             (184)           (22)
                                                                                Group
                                                                             Purchase of research and                     (1,141)             –
                                                                                development services




84   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     Interim Report 2026
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2026




27. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
   Name of related
   companies             Relationship                         Nature of transactions                           2026            2025
                                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                          (unaudited)     (unaudited)


   HRC Medical and its Controlled or jointly controlled by    Management services income                     285,541        209,559
     other affiliates    certain shareholders of HRC          Pre-implantation genetic screening              19,163         16,615
                         investment                              testing income
                                                              Ambulatory surgery centre facilities             3,081          2,156
                                                                 income
                                                              Repayment of lease liability (Note ii)          (1,262)         (1,702)
                                                              Finance cost on lease liability                   (114)           (273)
                                                              Marketing expenses                                (569)           (593)

   Notes:

   *       English name is for identification purpose only.

   (i)     The amount of lease liabilities as at June 30, 2026 is RMB24,335,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB25,667,000).

   (ii)    The lease liability arise from a related party, which was disposed of on March 31, 2026 and is no longer a related
           party of the Company. The amount of lease liability as at March 31, 2026 is RMB15,585,000 (December 31, 2025:
           RMB16,823,000).

   (iii)   The entity is the joint venture of the Company.

   (iv)    The entity is an associate of the Company.




                                                                         Interim Report 2026           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   85
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026




     27. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
          Compensation of key management personnel
          The remuneration of the Directors and key management is determined based on performance of
          individuals and market trends.

          Key management includes the Directors and senior management. The remuneration of the Directors
          and key management during the period was as follows:

                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)       (unaudited)


          Salaries and allowances                                               4,222            3,903
          Performance-related incentive payments                                3,415              698
          Share-based compensation benefits                                     3,831            7,142
          Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                154              154


                                                                               11,622           11,897




86   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                            Definitions



In this report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context otherwise requires:

“2022 Contractual Arrangements”        the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be, entered
                                       into by, among others, Jinxin Medical Investment, the Jinyi Hongkang
                                       Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
                                       Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Jinxin Women and Child Hospital details of
                                       which are described in the Company’s announcement dated November
                                       26, 2021

“2022 Share Award Scheme”              the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                       Company on February 17, 2022 and amended by the Company on
                                       June 25, 2024, the principal terms of which are summarized in the
                                       circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024

“2025 Share Scheme”                    the 2025 share scheme adopted by the Company on December 5,
                                       2025, the principal terms of which are summarized in the circular of
                                       the Company dated November 19, 2025

“ARC”                                  Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助生育中心
                                       有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                       on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

“ARS”                                  assisted reproductive service(s)

“Audit and Risk Management             the audit and risk management committee of the Board
  Committee”

“Board” or “Board of Directors”        the board of Directors of the Company

“BVI”                                  British Virgin Islands

“CG Code”                              the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
                                       Listing Rules

“Chairman”                             the Chairman of the Board

“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”                 Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd* (成都錦江西囡診所有限公司),
                                       a company established in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with
                                       limited liability on November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

“Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen            the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be, entered
  Zhongshan Contractual                into by, among others, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun
  Arrangements”                        Fude, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital details
                                       of which are described in the Company’s announcement dated April
                                       13, 2022

“China” or the “PRC”                   the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this report,
                                       Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan



                                                                Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   87
     Definitions




     “CODM”                                     chief operating decision makers

     “Company”, “Jinxin Fertility”,             Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司*), previously
       “we” or “our”                            known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited, an exempted
                                                company established in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
                                                May 3, 2018

     “Director(s)”                              the director(s) of the Company

     “ECL”                                      Impairment under expected credit loss

     “EIT”                                      PRC Enterprise Income Tax

     “ESOP”                                     collectively the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, the 2022 Share Award Scheme
                                                and the Share Option Scheme

     “FVTOCI”                                   fair value through other comprehensive income

     “FVTPL”                                    fair value through profit or loss

     “Greater China”                            Mainland China and Hong Kong

     “Group”                                    the Company and its subsidiaries

     “Hewanjia Hospital”                        Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co.,
                                                Ltd.* (昆明錦欣和萬家婦產醫院有限公司), a company established under
                                                the laws of the PRC with limited liability on January 15, 2014 and a
                                                subsidiary of the Group

     “HK$” or “HKD”                             Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

     “Hong Kong”                                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “HRC Fertility”                            HRC Management and HRC Medical

     “HRC Investment”                           HRC Investment Holding, LLC, a limited liability company established
                                                under the laws of Delaware, the United States on June 2, 2017, the
                                                Group’s substantial shareholder

     “HRC Management”                           HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company established
                                                under the laws of Delaware, the United States on November 3, 2015,
                                                the Group’s indirect subsidiary

     “HRC Management Group”                     HRC Management and its subsidiaries




88   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                         Definitions




“HRC Medical”                      Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                   corporation established under the laws of California, the United States
                                   on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company by virtue of
                                   being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Bradford A. Kolb
                                   and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics and three IVF laboratories
                                   in California which it owns

“IASB”                             International Accounting Standards Board

“IFRS”                             International Financial Reporting Standards

“IOT”                              invest-operate-transfer

“IVF”                              in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are incubated
                                   together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system to achieve pregnancy

“Jincheng Hongda”                  Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.

“Jinjiang District Maternity and   Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital* (成都市
  Child Health Hospital”           錦江區婦幼保健院), a non-profit maternity and child healthcare hospital
                                   established in the PRC in 1954 managed by the Group

“Jinrun Fude”                      Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited* (成都錦
                                   潤福德醫療管理有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                                   the laws of the PRC on May 9, 2018, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue
                                   of the 2019 Contractual Arrangements

“Jinrun Fude Registered            two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
  Shareholders”                    and Ms. Zhu Yujuan

“Jinxin Aijian”                    Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd.

“Jinxin Fertility BVI”             JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited, a limited liability company
                                   established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on November
                                   13, 2017, the Company’s substantial shareholder

“Jinxin Medical Investment”        Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有限公司),
                                   a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability,
                                   the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2021 Contractual Arrangements

“Jinyi Hongkang”                   Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co., Ltd.* (成都錦逸
                                   弘康企業管理有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                                   the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2021
                                   Contractual Arrangements

“Jinyi Hongkang Registered         two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Ms. Lyu Rong
  Shareholders”                    and Mr. Xu Jun




                                                             Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   89
     Definitions




     “Jiuzhou Hospital”                         Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九洲醫院有限公司),
                                                a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability
                                                on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of the Group

     “Laos”                                     Lao People’s Democratic Republic

     “Listing”                                  the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
                                                June 25, 2019

     “Listing Date”                             June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed on
                                                the Main Board

     “Listing Rules”                            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange,
                                                as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Main Board”                               Main Board of the Stock Exchange

     “Model Code”                               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                                Issuers contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “MSA”                                      management service agreements

     “OPU”                                      oocyte pick up cycle

     “Overseas”                                 Greater China, the U.S.A. and Laos

     “Pre-IPO RSU Scheme”                       the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                                Company on February 15, 2019, which has been terminated in 2024

     “Prospectus”                               the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

     “R&D”                                      research and development

     “Renminbi” or “RMB”                        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

     “Reporting Period”                         the six-month period from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026

     “Restricted Share”                         a share underlying an award granted to an Award Selected Participant
                                                under the 2022 Share Award Scheme




90   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                       Definitions




“RSU”                             a restricted share unit award granted to a Selected Participant under
                                  the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme

“SFO”                             Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                  Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise notified from time to
                                  time

“Share Option Scheme”             the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                  June 3, 2019, which has been terminated in 2024

“Share(s)”                        ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                  US$0.00001 each

“Shareholder(s)”                  holder(s) of Share(s)

“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”     Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital* (深圳中
                                  山婦產醫院), a company established in Shenzhen, PRC with limited
                                  liability on May 18, 2004, the Group’s indirect subsidiary that is a
                                  for-profit specialty hospital

“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”        Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖
                                  醫療管理有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC
                                  with limited liability on September 12, 2016, our indirect subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”   collectively, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) and
                                  Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital    Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Bisheng Campus) (四
  (Bisheng Campus)”               川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院畢昇院區), a company established in Chengdu,
                                  Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited liability on November 10, 2015,
                                  the Group’s subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital    Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)*
  (Jingxiu Campus)”               (四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院靜秀院區), a company established under
                                  the laws of the PRC with limited liability on December 9, 2016 that is
                                  a for-profit women and children hospital

“Stock Exchange”                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“success rate”                    the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for discussion
                                  in the Prospectus and this interim report

“treasury Shares”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules




                                                           Interim Report 2026   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   91
     Definitions




     “U.S.”, “US” or “United States”            the United States of America

     “U.S. dollar(s)”, “US$” or “USD”           United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States of
                                                America

     “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                    Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co., Ltd.*
                                                (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company established in the
                                                PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006, the Group’s indirect
                                                subsidiary

     In this report, the terms “associate”, “connected person” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given to
     such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the context otherwise requires.

     *    For identification purpose only




92   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2026
