Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                                                                             *
(Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 01951




                                2024
                    Interim Report




* For identification purposes only
                                 Contents
                                                            Page



                                        Company Profile      2
                                   Corporate Information     4
                                     Financial Highlights    6
                    Management Discussion and Analysis       7
                                       Other Information    21
   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial
                                            Statements      39
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                           Other Comprehensive Income       40
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position    42
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity     44
        Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows      46
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    48
                                              Definitions   76
    Company Profile



    The Group is a leading ARS provider in China and the United States. Leveraging the Group’s existing
    market leadership in China and the United States, the Group is uniquely positioned to capture unmet
    demand of ARS patients in China and the United States as well as growth opportunities in markets
    with growth potential. The Group endeavors to provide patients with personalized solutions to fulfill
    their dreams of becoming parents.

    The Group has established a competitive advantage on branding, technology, medical staff and
    management in a market with significant entry barriers. All hospitals established in the Group’s
    network are recognized as one of the leaders in their respective regional market, including but not
    limited to Sichuan Province, Guangdong Province, Yunnan Province and the Western United States,
    which contributes to the Group’s leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States.
    In 2021, the Group acquired the Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), RHC (brand
    name: Gratia Medical Center) and ARC to expand its footprint in Sichuan Province and the Greater
    Bay Area and diversified its service offerings to provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering
    pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal, childbirth and postpartum. The Group acquired a new property
    in February 2022, which will be officially put into operation in first half of 2025 for our Shenzhen
    Zhongshan Hospital, with a view to capture the anticipated growth and increasing demand for ARS
    in Shenzhen and within the Greater Bay Area and expand its capacity by enhancing spatial and
    environmental factors, as well as to expand the VIP service to satisfy the multi-dimensional needs of
    our patients. The Group also completed the acquisition of controlling interests in Jiuzhou Hospital
    and Hewanjia Hospital, thereby, further expanding the Company’s market share and influence in
    Southwest China. In late 2022, the Group conducted an internal restructuring to enable Sichuan
    Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) to further expand its scope of offerings and provide medical
    services involving Molecular Genetics Services, being the cutting-edge technology for pre-natal
    examination in accordance with the applicable PRC laws. In April 2023, Chengdu Xinan Clinic
    and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) merged their ARS-related medical licenses to
    Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, building a strong reputation and enhanced its market influence in
    ARS, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively with to their excellent medical
    quality and superior service experiences. We expect to further promote the synergistic effects of
    the two hospitals and strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. As part of our growth
    strategies, HRC Medical has sought to expand its business by way of recruiting physicians and
    constructing clinics by itself. In the first half of 2024, HRC Medical has seen significant results
    in physician recruitment, with at least five new physicians joining HRC Medical this year. HRC
    Management collaborated with the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California
    to jointly train IVF specialists, with at least three doctors receiving IVF specialty training each year,
    thereby providing a reserve of doctors for HRC Medical.




2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                        Company Profile




In November 2023, we established a strategic partnership with Warburg Pincus by becoming one of
the limited partners of its fund, which is expected to increase the breadth and depth of the
Company’s exploration of acquisition opportunities by leveraging on the fund’s advantages. We
believe the strategic partnership complements the Company’s strategic layout and support the
Group’s mergers and acquisition investment strategies.

Further in July 2024, we tapped into the Southeast Asia IVF market via the establishment of strategic
partnership with PT Morula Indonesia (“Morula”). Morula was established in 1997 and is one of the
largest groups of fertility clinics in Indonesia, currently operating ten IVF clinics across Indonesia.
Morula is a member of PT Bundamedik Tbk (“Bundamedik”), a group established in 1973 and
successfully listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange in 2021. This investment embarked the
cooperation between two leaders of their respective fields, having Jinxin Fertility in China and the
United States as well as Morula in Indonesia, to leverage their mutual expertise and strengths.

The Group expects the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive services in China
to significantly increase as the PRC government implements supportive policies and supportive
measures to encourage fertility. In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of
China and the State Council issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-
term and Balanced Population Development” (《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》),
pursuant to which couples are allowed to have up to three children, and supportive measures
are being introduced covering various aspects to encourage births. Since then, there are more
provinces and cities in China introducing incentive policies to encourage childbirth, such as setting
up childcare subsidy. In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities including the National Health
Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for
Active Fertility” 《
                  ( 關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments
to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including maternity insurance) funds, relevant
technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures, gradually
list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such
medical insurance funds. As at the date of this report, a total of 19 provinces/municipalities in China
have officially announced that ARS treatment has been included in the scope of national medical
insurance payment. The “Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on
Further Deepening Reform Comprehensively to Advance Chinese Modernization” (the “Resolution”)
adopted at the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
in July 2024 set forth a strategic plan for improving the systems that support population development
and provide related services. The Resolution has instituted a series of major measures to provide full
life-cycle population services to all in order to effectively bringing down the “Trio Nurture Costs” (i.e.,
the costs of childbirth, parenting and education). these measures are intended to raise the public
share of expenses relating to childbirth, parenting and education, improve the standard of public
services for childbirth and pediatric medical services, enhance the capabilities of basic medical and
healthcare services in the childbirth cycle, expand assisted reproductive technology resources, and
improve the healthcare systems for maternal and infant health, productivity and pediatrics.




                                                               Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     STRATEGIC DECISIONS
    Executive Directors                                    COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                              Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. John G. Wilcox                                     Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                Mr. Fang Min
    Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)              Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Dr. Geng Lihong                                        Mr. Li Jianwei

    Non-executive Directors                                MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
    Mr. Fang Min
                                                           R&D COMMITTEE
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                             Mr. Zhong Ying (Chairman)
    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                       Dr. Chong Yat Keung
                                                           Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Independent Non-executive Directors                    Mr. Zeng Yong
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Li Jianwei                                         JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                        Ms. Zhai Yangyang
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                       Ms. Ng Sau Mei

    AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT                              AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    COMMITTEE                                              Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                            Ms. Ng Sau Mei
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Fang Min                                           REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hu Zhe
                                                           Third Floor, Century Yard, Cricket Square
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                                           P.O. Box 902, Grand Cayman
                                                           KY1-1103
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Cayman Islands
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. Dong Yang                                          HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
    Mr. Fang Min                                           PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                       No. 301, North Jingsha Road
                                                           Jinjiang District, Chengdu
                                                           Sichuan, China
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
                                                           IN HONG KONG
    Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                        Unit No. 1907B
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                       Level 19, International Commerce Centre,
                                                           1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
                                                           Hong Kong




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                     Corporate Information




CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Services (Cayman Islands) Limited
Third Floor, Century Yard, Cricket Square
P.O. Box 902, Grand Cayman
KY1-1103
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
Fangda Partners
26/F, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
1951

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.jxr-fertility.com




                                                    Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   5
    Financial Highlights



                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000                        Change
                                                                    (unaudited)     (unaudited)


    Operating results
    Revenue                                                            1,443,756             1,333,906                  8.2%
    Gross profit                                                         583,016               564,324                  3.3%
    Profit before taxation                                               265,756               278,535                 -4.6%
    Profit for the period                                                190,313               223,801                -15.0%
    Adjusted net profit(1)                                               259,597               255,039                  1.8%
    Profitability
    Gross profit margin                                                    40.4%                 42.3%
    Net profit margin                                                      13.2%                 16.8%
    Adjusted net profit margin                                             18.0%                 19.1%


                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                       June 30,         December 31,
                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000                  Change
                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)


    Financial position
    Total assets                                                     14,848,571            14,896,177                  -0.3%
    Total equity                                                     10,268,237            10,186,812                   0.8%
    Total liabilities                                                 4,580,334             4,709,365                  -2.7%
    Bank balances and cash                                              517,321               624,280                 -17.1%

    (1)   Non-IFRS adjusted net profit is calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period, excluding (i) amortization of ESOP
          costs; and (ii) depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization of medical practice license and non-compete
          agreement arising from acquisitions and deferred taxes.




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



REGULATORY OVERVIEW
According to the 2023 population data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China on
January 17, 2024: (i) the national population of China was 1,409.7 million as at the end of 2023,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.1 million as compared to the end of 2022; (ii) the number
of births in 2023 was 9.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 540,000 as compared to
2022, with a birth rate of 6.39‰; (iii) the number of deaths was 11.1 million, with a mortality rate of
7.87‰; and (iv) the natural population growth rate was -1.48‰. The prominent issues of China’s
population structure are attributable to declining birth rates and accelerated aging, and in facing
these challenges, the Chinese government has introduced a series of policies to encourage
childbirth since 2021.


In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the PRC State Council
issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced Population
Development” (《 關 於 優 化 生 育 政 策 促 進 人 口 長 期 均 衡 發 展 的 決 定》), pursuant to which couples are
allowed to have up to three children. Since then, there are more provinces and cities in China
introducing incentive policies to encourage childbirth. For instance, Tianmen City in Hubei Province
introduced five measures in September 2023, where families with second and third child can enjoy
subsidies of RMB96,300 and RMB165,100, respectively; Panzhihua city in Sichuan Province has set
up a childcare subsidy for the first time, any family registered in Panzhihua city with a second or
more child will be entitled to a subsidy of RMB500 per month for each child up and until the child
reaches the age of 3.


The Resolution adopted at the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist
Party of China in July 2024 set forth a strategic plan for improving the systems that support
population development and provide related services. The Resolution also emphasizes the promotion
of a childbirth-friendly society. From the perspective of refining the policy system and incentive
mechanism for boosting fertility, the Resolution has instituted a series of major measures to provide
full life-cycle population services to all in order to effectively bringing down the “Trio Nurture Costs”
(i.e., the costs of childbirth, parenting and education). These measures include introducing a system
of childbirth subsidies, integrating various subsidy schemes customarily maintained in various cities
and provinces and gradually increasing the level of subsidies, making it possible to leverage
synergies created with the expanded maternity insurance coverage, and thus establishing a
fundamental childcare support system for families as a foundation. Moreover, these measures are
intended to raise the public share of expenses relating to childbirth, parenting and education,
improve the standard of public services for childbirth and pediatric medical services, enhance the
capabilities of basic medical and healthcare services in the childbirth cycle, expand assisted
reproductive technology resources, and improve the healthcare systems for maternal and infant
health, productivity and pediatrics.




                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities including the National Health Commission issued the
    “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於
    進 一 步 完 善 和 落 實 積 極 生 育 支 持 措 施 的 指 導 意 見》) to guide local governments to consider the
    affordability of medical insurance (including maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards
    and other factors as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures, gradually list the labor
    analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such medical
    insurance funds. Beijing City and Guangxi Province included certain ARS treatments in the national
    reimbursement program in July and November 2023, respectively. As at the date of this report, a
    total of 19 provinces/municipalities in China have officially announced that ARS treatment has been
    included in the scope of national medical insurance payment, and geographically the coverage has
    been expanded to include Shandong province, Shanghai city, Zhejiang province, Fujian province,
    Shaanxi province and others. In addition, Sichuan province, Guangdong province, Hubei province
    and Yunnan province, where the Group’s operating subsidiaries are located, have also issued
    consultation papers relating to inclusion of ARS treatment in the scope of national medical insurance
    payment.

    Coupled with the public’s current perception on fertility and the refinement of government’s childbirth
    policies, medical institutions offering ARS and full life-cycle fertility services have to embrace
    structural changes across the industry, and in turn opportunities and challenges. To stand out in the
    competitive and dynamic environment, the Group has to consistently innovate, upgrade its
    technology and improve its service quality, which certainly impose stricter requirements on
    comprehensive capabilities in terms of clinical, management, and research and development.

    BUSINESS UPDATE
    Key Operating Information
    The following operating data have been provided by the Group’s in-network hospitals and by
    hospitals and clinics managed under invest-operate-transfer (“IOT”) agreements. IOT institutions
    refer to hospitals and clinics controlled by the Group through discipline co-construction and
    cooperation agreements and management service agreements.

    Operating data as at June 30, 2024


                                                                         Revenue derived from
                                                                           Medical Services
                                                           Number of
                                                                  IVF
                                          Number of         treatment   Self-owned              IOT
    Region                               Institutions          cycles   institutions   institutions     Total


    Chengdu                                          3          7,571         649.1          233.6     882.7
    Greater Bay Area                                 3          3,022         241.9            0.0     241.9
    Kunming and Wuhan                                3          2,133         130.0            0.0     130.0
    Overseas                                        11          2,325          75.1          316.0     391.1

    Total                                           20        15,051        1,096.1          549.6    1,645.7




8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Operating data as at June 30, 2023


                                                                             Revenue derived from
                                                                               Medical Services
                                                        Number of
                                                               IVF
                                      Number of          treatment          Self-owned               IOT
Region                               Institutions           cycles          institutions    institutions                Total


Chengdu                                           3            7,942              577.9             234.9               812.8
Greater Bay Area                                  3            2,833              218.9               0.0               218.9
Kunming and Wuhan                                 3            2,100              139.2               0.0               139.2
Overseas                                         10            1,856               64.8             285.9               350.7

Total                                            19           14,731            1,000.8             520.8            1,521.6

Note:

(1)     The revenue from IOT institutions in the operating data is the reported revenue of the hospitals and clinics, which has
        not been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated statements presented in accordance with IFRS. The consolidated
        revenue of the Group reflects the management fees received from IOT institutions, which amounted to approximately
        RMB287.4 million in the first half of 2024, compared to approximately RMB283.8 million for the same period in 2023.

(2)     The above operating data do not include non-medical institutions.


Chengdu Operations
The number of IVF treatment cycles for our Chengdu operations decreased by 4.7% from 7,942 in
the first half of 2023 to 7,571 for the same period in 2024. The decrease in the number of cycles was
mainly attributable to the increase in demand for ARS instigated by the inclusion of certain ARS in
the scope of the medical insurance reimbursement program, which resulted in longer waiting times
for patients and a lower turnover rate of patients during the Reporting Period. Revenue of our
Chengdu operations increased by 8.6% from approximately RMB812.8 million in the first half of 2023
to approximately RMB882.7 million for the same period in 2024, primarily attributable to the increase
of 4.0% in the ARS business mainly resulting from the increase in the share of VIP services in the
Bisheng Campus, which have higher unit prices, from 16.3% in the first half of 2023 to 19.5% for the
same period in 2024, and the period-on-period increase of 14.9% in revenue from obstetrics,
gynaecology and pediatrics.




                                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Operations in the Greater Bay Area
     The number of IVF treatment cycles for our Greater Bay Area operations increased by 6.7% from
     2,833 in the first half of 2023 to 3,022 for the same period in 2024. Revenue increased by 10.5%
     from approximately RMB218.9 million in the first half of 2023 to approximately RMB241.9 million for
     the same period in 2024. The increase in the number of IVF treatment cycles and also the revenue of
     our Greater Bay Area operations were primarily attributable to the increase in the number of patients
     as a result of the enhanced reputation as well as increased brand awareness and market share of
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital in Shenzhen and Hong Kong, and the increase in the share of VIP
     business services, which have higher unit prices, from 7.2% in the first half of 2023 to 7.7% for the
     same period in 2024.

     Operations in Kunming and Wuhan
     The number of IVF treatment cycles for our operations in Kunming and Wuhan increased by 1.6%
     from 2,100 in the first half of 2023 to 2,133 for the same period in 2024. Revenue decreased by 6.6%
     from approximately RMB139.2 million in the first half of 2023 to approximately RMB130.0 million for
     the same period in 2024, which was mainly due to the restructuring of the departments and
     operations of Jiuzhou Hospital, resulting in a decrease of 62.8% and 27.5%, respectively, in revenue
     generated by the urology and gynaecology departments, which was substantially offset by the
     steady period-on-period increase of 43.1% in revenue of Wuhan Jinxin Hospital.

     Overseas Operations
     The number of IVF treatment cycles from overseas operations increased by 25.3% from 1,856 in the
     first half of 2023 to 2,325 for the same period in 2024. Revenue increased by 11.5% from
     approximately RMB350.7 million in the first half of 2023 to approximately RMB391.1 million for the
     same period in 2024. The revenue derived from our overseas operations in other countries, including
     operations in the United States, has generally increased, which was primarily attributable to HRC
     Medical driving its efforts to promote egg freezing business and the benefits of the recovery of
     international business, and also attributable to the commencement of our Laos operations in August
     2023.

     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE
     As more cities and provinces in China are including ARS treatment in the scope of national
     reimbursement program, the financial burden of utilizing ARS treatment is alleviated and thus
     encouraging the public to utilize ARS treatment.

     As a leading ARS provider in China and the United States, we have established a competitive
     advantage in branding, technology, medical staff and management in a market with significant entry
     barriers. All hospitals established in our network are recognized as one of the leaders in their
     respective regional market, including but not limited to Sichuan province, Guangdong province,
     Yunnan province and the Western United States, which contribute to our leading position in the ARS
     markets in China and the United States.




10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




In addition, taking our Chengdu operations as a paradigm, we have started to build a one-stop
integrated business, with ARS as our core services, to support the entire fertility and pregnancy
lifecycle, covering pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal checkups, childbirth, postpartum and
pediatrics to better serve patients and create value through industry chain integration. In the future,
we will promote this strategy to our hospitals in other regions and leverage our advantage in the ARS
market to accelerate new business development and create new sources of revenue growth.

In view of the aforesaid, we plan to pursue the following core strategies to drive continued growth in
our core ARS business and fertility-related services.

Boost clinical specialty capabilities through discipline advancement in order to
enhance the Group’s reputation among patients with intractable diseases from a wider
geographical area
We have strengthened our research and development capabilities relating to diseases. For instance,
Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established specialized disease clinics for
ovarian hypofunction, thin endometrium, polycystic ovary syndrome, and advanced maternal age,
offering more refined targeted treatment for all types of infertility patients. By focusing on the
diagnosis and treatment of specialized diseases, the team of specialists have (i) introduced new
technologies (such as the introduction of primordial egg activation for treating ovarian hypofunction,
and the introduction of intrauterine infusion of platelet-rich plasma for treating thin endometrium,
etc.), (ii) carried out clinical research (such as clinical research on the therapeutic effect of
exosomes on premature ovarian failure for ovarian hypofunction, and clinical research on the repair
of intrauterine adhesions by exosomes for thin endometrium, etc.), (iii) conducted analysis and
assessment of refined diagnosis and treatment effect indicators, (iv) convened academic
conferences, and (v) organized online and offline patient education sessions, thereby increasing our
out-patient volume, media exposure, and conversion to IVF for special diseases, and in turn
enhancing patient experiences and awareness and recognition among industry players.

We have established a multidisciplinary joint diagnosis (“MDT”) medical team, deploying the
interdisciplinary joint diagnosis method and integrating multidisciplinary expertise to offer
comprehensive diagnosis and treatment for patients with intractable diseases or high-risk severe
diseases. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established an assisted reproductive
MDT medical team, integrating the expertise of reproductive medicine, immunology, urology,
embryology laboratory, traditional Chinese medicine, etc. to jointly develop standardized and
personalized comprehensive diagnosis and treatment regimes for patients, whilst Sichuan Jinxin
Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) has established a fetal medicine MDT medical team, coordinating
with anesthesiology department, ICU, cardiovascular medicine department, critical care medicine
department, blood transfusion department, neonatology department and others to offer efficient and
precise treatment for critical maternal emergencies, all that aimed to guard the health of mothers and
infants.

In addition, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established an intractable disease
diagnosis and treatment center with a dedicated team of case managers to follow up on each
patient. It combines the expertise of experts, doctors, and nursing teams to more efficiently and
precisely diagnose patients’ issues, initiate therapeutic intervention, and in turn increase the success
rate of our fertility treatments.




                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     We continue to enhance our hospital’s reputation and brand awareness among patients by improving
     the diagnosis and treatment capabilities of intractable diseases and high-risk serious illnesses,
     achieving wider dissemination of information, and attracting patients from a wider geographical area
     to our institutions for treatment, thus deepening the ripple effect of existing operations and
     increasing penetration rate.

     Focus on developing consumer medical care with excellence and prudence
     In 2024, based on the Group’s existing specialties, we aim to develop and create consumer medical
     care with excellence and prudence to meet the multi-dimensional medical and healthcare needs of
     our patients. To differentiate ourselves from other healthcare consumer medical institutions on the
     market, we are devoted to the provision of services that are based on medical theories with a
     prudent approach to health, offering our patients with preventive, healthcare and medical services
     for recuperation in addition to disease diagnosis and treatment, in order to pursue higher quality and
     better life building upon patients’ fundamental health.

     In 2024, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) has established a reproductive restoration
     and anti-aging clinic. In response to the needs of women post-childbirth for pelvic floor and other
     functional repairs, led by the chief gynecologist, the clinic provides treatment for female reproductive
     dysfunction, restoration, rehabilitation, and cosmetic surgery of genital morphology as well as
     relevant pharmaceutical drugs and biological treatments; at the same time, we are introducing
     non-surgical or pharmaceutical methods such as instrument for reproductive care, psychological
     counseling, and therapeutic lifestyle intervention. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)
     has also established an insomnia clinic for women post-childbirth and postpartum and menopausal
     women, led by the chief anesthesiologist, which deploys various regimes such as cognitive
     behavioral therapy, regulation of autonomic nervous system, improvement of microcirculation, and
     induction of bionic sleep in place of traditional pharmaceutical drug treatments, in order to eliminate
     side effects to patients and bring about a more efficacious solution to insomnia. Further, Sichuan
     Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established a functional medicine center providing
     services related to pregnancy preparation, infertility, reproductive sub-health issues, ovarian and
     uterine conditioning and maintenance of reproductive youth. The center addresses the
     aforementioned medical issues by addressing secretion of toxins, metabolism, immunology, nutrition
     and mitochondrial function and others to offer therapeutic lifestyle intervention, nutritional treatment
     and intravenous reproductive nutrition. We are also gradually developing adolescent health
     management in response to psychological problems such as adolescent growth and development,
     teenage gynecology, teenage andrology, body posture, nutrition and lack of attention. In addition,
     we have also set up out-patient clinics for traditional Chinese medicine sub-health conditioning and
     integrated neonatal care clinic.

     In the future, we will continue to leverage our advantages in ARS, gynecology, andrology, pediatrics,
     obstetrics and other expertise to develop more preventive and enhancing consumer medical
     services that address the unmet needs of patients.




12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Ease patients’ financial burden by means of innovative commercial insurance,
assisted reproduction funds and other means
ARS is gradually being included in the scope of medical insurance coverage across China,
including Sichuan where our operating subsidiaries are located. The Sichuan Provincial Healthcare
Security Administration recently released on its official website the “Notice on the Issuance of Price
Items of Assisted Reproduction Medical Services and Medical Insurance Payment Policies (Draft
for Comments)” (《 關 於 印 發 輔 助 生 殖 類 醫 療 服 務 價 格 項 目 及 醫 保 支 付 政 策 的 通 知（徵 求 意 見 稿）》),
which is open for public comments from August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024, and proposes to
include 13 assisted reproductive medical items in the scope of medical insurance payment, with no
minimum reimbursement threshold.

Other market players have started to rely on commercial insurance to alleviate the financial burden
on patients, however the effects are not prominent. One reason is that the insurance institutions are
unable to assess risks with sufficient accuracy due to lack of certainty over their actuarial analysis
and lack of control over the success rate of ARS performed on patients, and thus unable to assess
realized returns of such products and create a win-win situation for medical institutions, insurance
institutions and patients. A second reason is that the unit price of ARS is relatively high, and the vast
majority of ARS insurance policies still require the patients to pay most of the costs before they can
enjoy the benefits thereunder. For patients with limited financial resources, the substantial insurance
premium still requires them to secure on initial source of funding. In response to this problem, we
have innovatively joined forces with insurance and banking institutions to integrate insurance
products with consumer loan products. In the meantime, based on our extensive and well-organized
user and clinical data and through actuarial analysis and product design with cooperative partners,
we have launched the ‘Jinbao Plan 2.0’, which allows patients to engage IVF services at no cost and
which fully compensates for unsuccessful IVF. With low barriers to entry and a wide range of eligible
people, we believe “Jinbao Plan 2.0” can truly ease the patients’ financial burden.

In addition, we have also launched the good pregnancy fund to support families with infertility, the
unsuccessful pregnancy assistance fund, drug fee waivers, patient subsidies, other types of
insurance products and other forms of subsidies to effectively lower the threshold of patient
treatment and reduce the financial pressure of medical treatment for patients.

Expand our business network through all self-establishment or acquisitions
As a leading ARS and full lifecycle fertility services provider in China and the United States, we will
continue to seek opportunities to expand our business network and adopt different expansion
strategies to fit with the market environment in different countries or regions.

In China, we intend to enter markets with high growth potential through acquisitions, such as first-tier
cities and cities with radiation effect. Aside from market potential, when conducting mergers and
acquisitions in China, we will also take into account various important factors such as economic
environment, target valuation and post-investment integration or consolidation to determine our
mergers and acquisitions strategy, enabling a swift integration of resources and assisting the new
hospitals to rapidly improve in respect of medical quality, operation management, market share and
others. Further, we established a strategic partnership with Warburg Pincus by becoming one of the
limited partners of its fund in November 2023, which is expected to increase the breadth and depth
of the Company’s exploration of acquisition opportunities by leveraging on the fund’s advantages.
We believe the strategic partnership complements the Company’s strategic layout and support the
Group’s mergers and acquisition investment strategies.


                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     In the United States, HRC Medical has sought to expand its business by way of recruiting physicians
     and constructing clinics by itself. In the first half of 2024, HRC Medical has seen significant results in
     physician recruitment, with at least five new physicians joining HRC Medical this year. Furthermore,
     expansion of the clinic of HRC Medical is well underway. HRC Medical’s satellite centre in Beverly
     Hills has officially begun operations, and its official core clinic is under construction and is expected
     to commence operations in the first quarter of 2025. Currently, HRC Medical owns four core clinics
     and six satellite clinics in Los Angeles and San Diego, further strengthening its presence in the
     Western United States.

     In July 2024, Jinxin Life Asia Healthcare Investment Group Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
     the Company, completed the acquisition and subscription of a 30% equity interest in Morula, and
     upon completion, the Group became Morula’s largest strategic investor. Morula was established in
     1997 and is one of the largest groups of fertility clinics in Indonesia, currently operating ten IVF
     clinics across Indonesia. Morula is a member of Bundamedik, a group established in 1973 and
     successfully listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange in 2021. Bundamedik is currently one of the
     largest private women and children specialty healthcare groups in Indonesia. The Company will
     leverage its successful experience in clinical quality, physician training, IT systems, operational
     management and other areas to empower and enhance Morula’s growth in these areas.

     Talent recruitment and nurturing plan
     We are committed to recruiting and retaining the best and most experienced medical professionals
     in the fields of assisted reproduction and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics and continuously
     improving our internal training system to provide a sufficient reserve of medical and management
     talents for our global business expansion.

     We will continue to implement the “physician as partner” mechanism to grant equity ownership to
     outstanding physicians as partners of the Company, sharing the fruits from the development of the
     Company. Our 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme, which was adopted on February 17, 2022 and
     amended on June 25, 2024, aims to (i) provide our employees with the opportunity to acquire
     proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage our employees to work towards enhancing the
     value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its Shareholders as a
     whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding,
     remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to our employees. Summary of the principal
     terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are set out in the circular of the Company dated May 31,
     2024.

     In the United States, HRC Management continued to enhance its attractiveness to excellent doctors
     and has the ability not only to retain outstanding doctors but also to continuously recruit new doctors
     to join the corporation and help new doctors to grow rapidly by continuously improving its internal
     training system. In addition, HRC Management collaborated with the Keck School of Medicine of the
     University of Southern California to jointly train IVF specialists, with at least three doctors receiving
     IVF specialty training each year, thereby providing a reserve of doctors for HRC Medical.




14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
We have dedicated ourselves to enhancing our ESG initiatives in numerous aspects and provide
regular updates to our stakeholders in our ESG reports. On the one hand, we believe, through our
efforts in ESG, we will continue to create value for the society and gain recognition from the society
and patients. In the first half of 2024, we insisted on the strategic position of constructing new
disciplines of assisted reproduction, actively promoting the new disciplines in each hospital and
carrying out scientific research and innovation. We have combined our own physician training model
and business experience to develop professional courses for internal staff and industry talents,
empower the growth of industry medical and nursing staff, and steadily improve medical quality and
medical standards. Meanwhile, we insist on being patient-oriented, promoting digital transformation
of our hospitals, strengthening the medical quality management of our hospitals, providing patients
with quality medical services throughout the lifecycle of their fertility treatment, establishing a perfect
patient communication mechanism and taking multiple measures to continuously ensure patient
safety.

On the other hand, we will continue to aid the Company in realizing a healthy and sustainable
development in the future. We actively promote the accessibility of healthcare, enabling more
families to benefit from the achievements of modern medicine through free and charitable clinics,
charity medicine donations and training to primary care institutions. Meanwhile, we insist on green
operations, promote energy saving and consumption reduction initiatives in all hospitals, actively
address climate change and help create an environment-friendly community.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
Revenue of the Group increased by 8.2% from approximately RMB1,333.9 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB1,443.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024.

During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the following services: (i) ARS and
related growth of RMB68.0 million; (ii) management services and related growth of RMB3.5 million;
(iii) obstetrics and related growth of RMB14.4 million; (iv) ancillary other medical services and
related growth of RMB12.9 million; and (v) sales of consumables and equipment for medical
reagents and related growth of RMB11.0 million.

Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue of the Group, which consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and
consumables, staff costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and other costs, increased
by 11.8% from approximately RMB769.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to
approximately RMB860.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit of the Group increased by 3.3% from approximately RMB564.3 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB583.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024.
The Group’s gross profit margin decreased from 42.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to
40.4% for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily a
result of an increase in labor costs resulting from recruiting new physicians for the expansion of our
United States operations.


                                                               Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Other Income
     Other income of the Group decreased by 44.2% from approximately RMB47.5 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB26.5 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2024, primarily due to a decrease of approximately RMB8.1 million in government grants and a
     decrease of approximately RMB10.9 million in interest income from time deposits and banks as
     compared to the same period of last year.

     Research and Development Expenses
     Research and development expenses of the Group increased by 2.8% from approximately RMB10.6
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB10.9 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024.

     Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs and material costs of the
     Group’s research and development team at Yongsheng Hengfu Research Centre and Jinxin Medical
     Innovation Research Center.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of marketing and promotional expenses and staff
     cost of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by
     1.0% from approximately RMB87.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately
     RMB86.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the
     expense-to-sales ratio from 6.5% in the first half of 2023 to 6.0% for the same period of 2024.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, including amortization of ESOP costs,
     depreciation and amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property-related expenses
     and others. Administrative expenses of the Group increased by 14.7% from approximately RMB188.1
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB215.7 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to the increase of RMB30.7 million in the amortization of ESOP
     costs as compared to the first half of 2023. Without taking into account the amortization of ESOP
     costs, administrative expenses decreased by 1.7% as compared to the same period in 2023.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Finance Costs
Finance costs of the Group decreased by 33.3% from approximately RMB42.7 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB28.5 million for the six months ended June 30,
2024, primarily due to new loans at lower interest rates during the first of 2024.

Income Tax Expenses
Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax and Hong Kong
Profits Tax. Income tax expenses of the Group increased by 37.8% from approximately RMB54.7
million in the first half of 2023 to approximately RMB75.4 million in the first half of 2024.

The effective tax rate of the Group increased from 19.7% in the first half of 2023 to 28.4% in the first
half of 2024, primarily due to ESOP costs of approximately RMB37.1 million being non-deductible
before tax at present.

Net Profits
The Group’s net profit decreased by 15.0% from approximately RMB223.8 million in the first half of
2023 to approximately RMB190.3 million in the first half of 2024. Net profits of our Chengdu
operations and our operations in the Greater Bay Area increased by 25.3% and 13.2% period-on-
period, respectively, which were diluted by the increase in labor costs for HRC physicians in the
United States and the increase of approximately RMB30.7 million in ESOP amortization costs.

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-
IFRS measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company
believes that the non-IFRS adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and
others in understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated statements of profit or loss in the
same manner as they helped the Company’s management, and that the Company’s management
and investors may benefit from referring to these non-IFRS adjusted financial measures in assessing
the Group’s operating performance during this interim period by eliminating impacts of items that the
Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s operating performance. However, the presentation
of these non-IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute
for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with the IFRS. You should not
view the non-IFRS adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted net profit increased by 1.8% from approximately RMB255.0 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB259.6 million for the same period in
2024.




                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA increased by 6.1% from approximately RMB394.1 for the six
     months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately RMB418.1 million for the same period in 2024.

                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)     (unaudited)


     Profit for the period                                                                        190,313                223,801
     Add:
     Amortization of ESOP costs(1)                                                                  37,115                  6,370
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization of
       medical practice license and non-compete agreement arising
       from acquisitions and deferred taxes(2)                                                      32,169                24,868


     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit                                                                 259,597                255,039


     Non-IFRS EBITDA                                                                              380,948                387,702
     Add:
     Amortization of ESOP costs(1)                                                                  37,115                  6,370


     Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                     418,063                394,072

     Notes:

     (1)   Amortization of ESOP costs: ESOP costs are regarded as non-cash items.

     (2)   Depreciation property, plant and equipment, amortization of medical practice license and non-compete agreement
           arising from acquisitions and deferred taxes: by eliminating the effect of these items from the profit attributable to the
           owners of the Company, it serves the purpose of demonstrating the endogenous growth of the Company.

     Inventories
     Inventories of the Group decreased by 2.4% from approximately RMB62.4 million as at December
     31, 2023 to approximately RMB60.9 million as at June 30, 2024.

     Accounts and Other Receivables
     Accounts and other receivables of the Group increased by 63.9% from approximately RMB169.4
     million as at December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB277.6 million as at June 30, 2024, which was
     primarily due to an increase in prepayments for the renovation of a Group’s building in Shenzhen
     and the reclassification of receivables that are not related party transactions in the current period.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Accounts and Other Payables
Accounts and other payables of the Group increased by 7.7% from approximately RMB805.1 million
as at December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB866.7 million as at June 30, 2024, primarily due to
dividends payable by the Company.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital,
including upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new
medical institutions and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total
proceeds of approximately HK$2,808.1 million from the Global Offering, after deducting the
underwriting fees, commissions and related Listing expenses. In February 2021, the Group received
total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,253.5 million from the Placing (as defined hereinafter). The
Group also obtained additional funding from syndicated loan facilities of up to US$300 million in
2021 and a drawdown in full of such bank facilities in March 2022. On January 5, 2023, an
aggregate of 175,000,000 placing Shares were placed by the Company to not less than six placees
at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing Share, and the Company received total net proceeds of
approximately HK$1,162.31 million (equivalent to approximately RMB999.0 million). The placees,
together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, are third parties independent of and not
connected with the Company or its connected persons. The share capital of the Company only
comprises ordinary shares. As at June 30, 2024, the authorized share capital of the Company was
US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 30.8% debt
and 69.2% equity as at June 30, 2024, compared with 31.6% debt and 68.4% equity as at December
31, 2023. The cash and cash equivalents were mainly denominated in RMB and USD. As at June 30,
2024, the Group had unutilised bank facilities of approximately RMB419.7 million and after June 30,
2024, the Group has obtained additional banking facilities of approximately RMB356.3 million, with
all bank borrowings denominated in RMB and USD. Therefore, the Directors are of the view that the
Group has sufficient resources to meet its future business operations and expansion.

Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, there were no significant investments held by the
Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
As of the date of this report, we have no specific future plans for material investments and capital
assets.

Indebtedness
Borrowings
As at June 30, 2024, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,034.9 million (December 31, 2023:
RMB2,127.5 million).

Pledge of Assets
As at June 30, 2024, the Group’s Jinyun Building was pledged as security for an equivalent amount
of bank loans. Saved as disclosed, the Group did not pledge any other assets.



                                                           Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
     As at June 30, 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

     Contractual Obligations
     As at June 30, 2024, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material
     effect on its financial position or results of operations.

     Interest-bearing Debt Ratio
     Interest-bearing debt ratio is calculated using the total amount of interest-bearing debt at the end of
     the period divided by total assets as at the end of the period and multiplied by 100%. As at June 30,
     2024, the Group’s interest-bearing debt ratio was 13.7% (December 31, 2023: 14.3%). The decrease
     was mainly due to the decrease in bank borrowings of approximately RMB92.6 million.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As at June 30, 2024, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,779
     employees, of whom 3,433 were located in China and 346 were located overseas. The staff costs,
     including Directors’ emoluments, were approximately RMB371.5 million for the first half of 2024, as
     compared to approximately RMB366.3 million for the first half of 2023, representing a period-on-
     period increase of 1.4%.

     The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its 2022 Share Award Scheme, which
     was adopted on February 17, 2022 and amended on June 25, 2024. Summary of the principal terms
     of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are set out in the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024.
     The Company also had the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, since the Company
     has no intention to make further grants under the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU
     Scheme, both such schemes were terminated as at June 30, 2024, and no further award would be
     granted under such schemes, whilst the awards previously granted thereunder shall continue to be
     in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.

     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommend payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30,
     2024 (for the six months ended June 30, 2023: nil).




20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                         Other Information



COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the
interests of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has
adopted the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate
governance.

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of Part 2 of the CG Code during the
six months ended June 30, 2024. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate
governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES
TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own
code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries of all
Directors, each of the Directors has confirmed that he or she has complied with the required
standards as set out in the Model Code during the six months ended June 30, 2024.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As at June 30,
2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Board has established the Audit and Risk Management Committee which is chaired by an
independent non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two independent
non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive
Directors, Mr. Fang Min and Ms. Hu Zhe. The primary duties of the Audit and Risk Management
Committee are to assist the Board by monitoring the Company’s ongoing compliance with the
applicable laws and regulations that govern its business operations, providing an independent view
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control policies, financial management processes and
risk management systems, in particular, the implementation of the Company’s anti-corruption and
anti-bribery measures.

REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT
The Audit and Risk Management Committee has jointly reviewed with the management the
accounting principles and policies adopted by the Company and discussed internal control and
financial reporting matters (including the review of the unaudited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2024). The Audit and Risk Management Committee
considered that the interim results and interim report are in compliance with the applicable
accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures
thereof.




                                                            Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Other Information




     AUDITORS
     The Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June
     30, 2024 have been reviewed by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Hong
     Kong, the auditors of the Company.

     CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INFORMATION
     As at the date of this report, there were no changes in the Directors’ and chief executives’ information
     which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     RISK MANAGEMENT
     Currency Risk
     The business of the Group operates in the mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with
     its transactions settled in Renminbi, HK dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Renminbi is not a
     freely convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to
     international economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has
     not adopted any hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in
     U.S. dollar, which serves as a natural hedge. As a result, the Company does not believe that it
     currently has any significant direct foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial
     instruments to hedge our exposure to such risk.

     Interest Rate Risk
     The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its
     cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank
     balances. The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity
     analysis is presented. The Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the financial
     assets at fair value through profit or loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because such
     instruments have a tenor of less than one year or are redeemable on demand.

     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously
     monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
     liabilities.




22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                        Other Information




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the
underwriting fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million and
the unutilized net proceeds as at June 30, 2024 were kept at the bank accounts of the Group.

The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds)
have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table
below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to June 30, 2024:

                                                                                                                                             Expected
                                                                                                   Net proceeds                           timeline for
                                                                                                        brought Unutilized net           utilizing the
                                                                       Percentage of Actual usage forward for proceeds as                   remaining
                                                              Planned       total net  up to June the Reporting   at June 30,           unutilized net
Use of proceeds                                           applications      proceed      30, 2024         Period         2024              proceeds(2)
                                                          (HK$ million)               (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

To expand and upgrade existing assisted reproductive
  medical facilities in the Group’s network in China
  and recruit medical professionals, including
  physicians and embryologists, in order to increase
  capacity, expand its service offering and market                                                                                      By December
  share(1)                                                      702.0(1)      25.0%          702.0               –                 –           2022
For the potential acquisition of additional assisted
  reproductive medical facilities in provinces in China                                                                                 By December
  we are currently not operating in(3)                           561.6        20.0%          561.6               –                 –           2021
For investment in research and development to
  enhance overall performance and maintain the
  Group’s position at the forefront of assisted                                                                                         By December
  reproductive technology                                        280.8        10.0%          123.9           167.4             156.9           2026
For the potential acquisitions of ARS service providers                                                                                 By December
  and businesses along the ARS service chain(4)                  561.6        20.0%          561.6               –                 –           2021
To improve brand awareness and general ARS                                                                                              By December
  awareness in both China and the United States                  421.2        15.0%          421.2            72.6                 –           2025
For the Group’s working capital and general corporate
  purposes(5)                                                    280.9        10.0%          280.9               –                 –    By June 2022


Total                                                          2,808.1        100%         2,651.2           240.0             156.9




                                                                                       Interim Report 2024            Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     23
     Other Information




     Notes:

     (1)   The Group intends to use (i) 20.0% or HK$561.6 million to (a) expand and upgrade the medical facilities, (b) acquire
           additional medical equipment and (c) acquire and/or construct patient care facilities, and (ii) 5.0%, or HK$140.4 million
           to recruit and expand medical professional teams and relevant supporting staff, including introducing professional staff
           specializing in prenatal services.

     (2)   The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
           made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.

     (3)   Including the acquisition of equity interests of a hospital in Wuhan with assisted reproductive medical facilities and
           subsequent capital expenditure in connection with improving the hospital.

     (4)   Including (i) formation of joint venture with the shareholders of Mengmei Life Pty. Ltd. and Jinxin Hospital Management
           Group Limited in relation to, among others, the promotion, customers acquisition and channels management related
           to IVF and (ii) acquisition of obstetrics, gynecology and pediatric business through Jinxin Medical Management (BVI)
           Group Limited.

     (5)   Namely (i) consultation fees, including but not limited to fees for legal compliance, audit, investor relations/public
           relations, human resources, and operations; (ii) rental and office expense; and (iii) remuneration packages of the existing
           management team.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING
     On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
     International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place
     80,000,000 shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to
     not less than six independent investors (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$15.85 per share
     (the closing price of the Company as quoted on the Stock Exchange on February 2, 2021 was
     HK$16.95 per Share). The placees are professional, institutional, or other investors, and together with
     their ultimate beneficial owners, are third parties independent of the Company and any of its
     connected persons. The Placing would allow the Company to expedite its acquisition and growth
     strategy in order to take advantage of new business opportunities to further bolster its national
     network and expand its international presence.




24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                       Other Information




The closing of the Placing took place on February 9, 2021. The net proceeds from the Placing were
approximately HK$1,253.5 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
purposes set out in the announcements of the Company dated February 2, 2021 and February 9,
2021 respectively. The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual
usage up to June 30, 2024:

                                                                                                                                            Expected
                                                                                                   Net proceeds                          timeline for
                                                                                     Actual usage       brought Unutilized net          utilizing the
                                                                      Percentage of          up to forward for proceeds as                 remaining
                                                             Planned       total net     June 30, the Reporting   at June 30,          unutilized net
                                                         applications      proceed           2024         Period         2024             proceeds(1)
                                                         (HK$ million)               (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities
  of ARS-licensed providers located in regions in the
  PRC with relatively high demand for ARS, such as in
  East China, the Beijing Tianjin-Hebei region, and                                                                                    By December
  other highly potential regions                              1,002.8        80.0%        1,002.8               –                 –           2021
To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities
  of ARS-licensed providers located outside the PRC,
  such as Southeast Asia and other Asia pacific
  countries                                                     188.0        15.0%              –           188.0             188.0    By June 2025
For general corporate and working capital purposes               62.7         5.0%           62.7               –                 –    By June 2022


Total                                                          1253.5        100%         1,065.5           188.0             188.0

Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
        conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
        conditions.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM TOP-UP PLACING
On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with JINXIN
Fertility Investment Group Limited as vendor (the “Vendor”) and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as
placing agent (the “Top-Up Placing Agent”), pursuant to which (i) the Vendor agreed to sell, and the
Top-Up Placing Agent agreed to procure purchaser to purchase, on a fully underwritten basis,
175,000,000 Shares at a price of HK$6.725 per Share (the closing price of the Company as quoted
on the Stock Exchange on January 5, 2023 was HK$7.09 per Share); and (ii) the Vendor agreed to
subscribe as principal for, and the Company agreed to issue, 175,000,000 new Shares, being
equivalent to the number of placing Shares thereunder at the same price (the “Top-Up Placing”).
The placees are professional, institutional and/or individual investors and together with their ultimate
beneficial owners, are third parties independent of the Company and any of its connected persons.
The Top-Up Placing would broaden the Company’s Shareholder based and Capital base, strengthen
the financial position of the Group and provide working capital to the Group.



                                                                                      Interim Report 2024            Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     25
     Other Information




     The closing of the placing and subscription under the Top-Up Placing took place on January 9, 2023
     and January 16, 2023, respectively. The net proceeds from the Top-Up Placing were approximately
     HK$1,162.31 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in
     the announcements of the Company dated January 5, 2023 and January 16, 2023, respectively. The
     table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to June 30,
     2024:

                                                                                                                                              Expected
                                                                                                       Net proceeds                        timeline for
                                                                                         Actual usage       brought Unutilized net        utilizing the
                                                                          Percentage of          up to forward for proceeds as               remaining
                                                                 Planned       total net     June 30, the Reporting   at June 30,        unutilized net
                                                             applications      proceed           2024         Period         2024           proceeds(1)
                                                             (HK$ million)               (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)

     To redeem and repay the relevant part of the
       outstanding convertible bonds issued by the
       Company on November 26, 2021 in the principal
       amount of HK$1,814,706,000                                  987.96        85.0%         987.96               –               –    By June 2023
     For the Group’s working capital and general corporate                                                                               By December
       purposes                                                    174.35        15.0%         174.35           86.15               –            2024


     Total                                                       1,162.31        100%        1,162.31           86.15               –

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
              conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
              conditions.


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     In April 2024, the Group entered into a share subscription and equity transfer agreement to
     subscribe for and acquire 30% equity interests in aggregate in Morula, pursuant to which the Group
     agrees to subscribe for 25% shareholding in Morula and acquire another 5% shareholding held by
     certain independent third-parties of the Company at a total consideration of approximately RMB189.5
     million, and completed the transaction in July 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, there was no significant event that might affect the Group after the
     Reporting Period.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                   Other Information




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had been notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as
follows:

(i)   Interest in Shares and underlying Shares

                                                                     Number     Approximate
                                                                  of Shares/   percentage of             Long position/
                         Capacity/                                underlying shareholding in             Short position/
      Names of Directors nature of interest                           Shares the Company(1)              Lending pool


      Mr. Zhong Yong(2)          Beneficial owner                 13,123,611                  0.48%      Long position
      Dr. John G. Wilcox(3)      Beneficial owner                 10,000,000                  0.36%      Long position
      Mr. Dong Yang(4)           Beneficial owner                 12,097,818                  0.44%      Long position
      Ms. Lyu Rong(5)            Beneficial owner                 11,977,318                  0.43%      Long position
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing           Beneficial owner                  3,016,000                  0.11%      Long position
      Dr. Geng Lihong(6)         Beneficial owner                    600,000                  0.02%      Long position

      Notes:

      (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,757,706,043 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2024.

      (2)   Includes (i) 6,500,000 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Zhong Yong and (ii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to
            Restricted Shares equivalent to 6,623,611 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to
            vesting conditions.

      (3)   Includes Dr. John G. Wilcox’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 10,000,000 Shares granted to him
            under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.

      (4)   Includes (i) 6,678,500 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Dong Yang and (ii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to
            Restricted Shares equivalent to 5,419,318 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to
            vesting conditions.

      (5)   Includes (i) 6,558,000 Shares beneficially owned by Ms. Lyu Rong and (ii) Ms. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to Restricted
            Shares equivalent to 5,419,318 Shares granted to her under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
            conditions.

      (6)   Includes Dr. Geng Lihong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 600,000 Shares granted to her under the
            2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.




                                                                          Interim Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Other Information




     (ii) Interest in the Company’s associated corporations

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                  Capacity/                    Name of associated               shareholding
           Names of Directors                     nature of interest           corporation                           interest


           Ms. Lyu Rong                           Beneficial owner             Jinyi Hongkang                             51%(1)
           Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                       Beneficial owner             Jinrun Fude                                51%(2)

           Notes:

           (1)   Ms. Lyu Rong, one of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi
                 Hongkang. Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2022 Contractual Arrangements.

           (2)   Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude.
                 Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                 Arrangements.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, none of the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares
     or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
     7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or
     deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire
     benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body
     corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were
     granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body
     corporate or had exercised any such right.




28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                    Other Information




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at June 30, 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being
a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                      Number          Approximate
                                                                   of Shares/        percentage of         Long position/
                                 Capacity/                         underlying      shareholding in         Short position/
Names of Shareholders            nature of interest                    Shares       the Company(3)         Lending pool


Jinxin Fertility BVI(1)          Beneficial owner                 319,471,061                 11.58%       Long position
HRC Investment                   Beneficial owner                 288,580,005                 10.46%       Long position
HHLR Advisors, Ltd.              Investment manager               176,181,349                  6.39%       Long position
   (previously known
   as Hillhouse Capital
   Advisors, Ltd.)(2)
HHLR Fund, L.P.                  Beneficial owner                 152,915,349                   5.55%      Long position
   (previously known as
   Gaoling Fund, L.P.)(2)

Notes:

(1)   Jinxin Fertility BVI is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the individual Shareholders are
      interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon Listing and remain as one of our substantial
      Shareholders upon Listing and as at June 30, 2024.

(2)   HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is the investment manager of HHLR Fund, L.P. and is therefore deemed to be interested in the
      Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P.

(3)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,757,706,043 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2024.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who
were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register referred to therein.




                                                                          Interim Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   29
     Other Information




     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Share Option Scheme was approved and conditionally adopted by the Shareholders by way
     of written resolutions on June 3, 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during
     the Reporting Period. As at June 30, 2024, no option was granted, and thus no option had been
     exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme and no more option will be
     granted under the Share Option Scheme following its termination. The Board has not specified
     any performance target that must be achieved before options can be exercised. The following is a
     summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it
     intended to be, the Share Option Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
     rules of the Share Option Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
           The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options as defined in
           the Share Option Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions
           to the Group.

     (2) Participants
           Eligible participants under the Share Option Schemes (the “Eligible Person”) include any
           persons belonging to any of the following classes of participants: (a) any of our employees
           or employees of our subsidiaries or any entity (the “Managed Entity”) in which our Group
           holds any equity interest, including any executive director of our Company, its subsidiaries or
           Managed Entity; (b) any of non-executive director or independent non-executive director of our
           Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity; and (c) any senior management of our Company,
           its subsidiaries or Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be issued
           The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
           under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company must not
           in aggregate exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”)
           of the total issued shares as at the Listing Date, and representing approximately 8.66% of the
           Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the date of this report. Options lapsed in
           accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of
           calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit. The total number of options available for grant
           under the Share Option Scheme was 238,081,580 as at January 1, 2024. Given no option has
           been granted and no more option will be granted under the Share Option Scheme upon its
           termination, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be
           issued in respect of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the Reporting
           Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the
           Reporting Period.




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                   Other Information




(4) Maximum entitlement of each participant
    The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
    granted under the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised or outstanding options)
    to each Eligible Person in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue
    (excluding treasury Shares) for the time being (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of
    options in excess of the Individual Limit in any 12-month period up to and including the date
    of such further grant must be subject to the issue of a circular to the Shareholders and the
    Shareholders’ approval in general meeting of our Company with such Eligible Person and his
    associates abstaining from voting.

(5) Grant of options and acceptance of offers
    Options may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer
    of the grant as indicated in the offer letter. The options under the Share Option Scheme were
    granted to the grantees as HK$1.00.

    An option may be accepted by an Eligible Person within 28 days from the date of the offer of
    grant of the option.

(6) Period within which options may be exercised
    An option may be exercised, in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, one
    year after the date on which the option is granted and shall expire on the earlier of the last day
    of (i) a ten-year period from the date of such grant for each corresponding grantee as set out in
    their respective offer letters; and (ii) the expiration of the Share Option Scheme.

(7) Vesting Period
    Options granted generally vest over a period ranging from 2 to 5 years. The vesting schedule of
    the options will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding
    grantee on the respective anniversary dates of the grant.

(8) Basis of determination of Subscription Price
    The subscription price (the “Subscription Price”) for Shares under the Share Option Scheme
    shall be a price determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the
    closing price of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations on the date of grant of
    that option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of Shares as stated in
    the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations for the five business days immediately preceding the date
    of grant of that option; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

(9) Life of the Share Option Scheme
    The Share Option Scheme would remain in force for a period of ten years commencing from
    the Adoption Date. Since the Company has no intention to make further grants under the Share
    Option Scheme, as at June 30, 2024, the Share Option Scheme was terminated and no further
    award would be granted under such scheme. In addition, no option was granted, and thus no
    option had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.




                                                           Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   31
     Other Information




     Pre-IPO RSU SCHEME
     The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the
     “Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during the Reporting Period. Following
     its termination, no more RSU will be granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme. The following is a
     summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it
     intended to be, the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
     rules of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
           The purposes of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the
           Pre-IPO RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary
           interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value
           of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole;
           and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward,
           remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the Selected Participants.

     (2) Selected Participants of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
           Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are any employee, director,
           officer, consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any
           member of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion,
           to have contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any
           Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
           The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant
           to the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed in 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately
           1.66% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU
           Scheme Limit”), and representing approximately 1.20% of the Shares in issue (excluding
           treasury Shares) as at the date of this report. As at the date of this report, no further RSUs are
           available for grant.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
           The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed
           any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in
           force. Any further grant of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall
           be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his
           associates abstaining from voting.




32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                  Other Information




(5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting
   schedule of the RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each
   corresponding Selected Participant upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on
   the respective anniversary dates of the vesting commencement date.

(6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
   RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
   the grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   were granted to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to
   the Selected Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

(7) Life of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme commences on the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date and would remain
   valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years
   from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. Since the Company
   has no intention to make further grants under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, as at June 30, 2024,
   the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme was terminated and no further RSUs would be granted under such
   scheme, whilst the RSUs previously granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall continue to be
   in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.

   The total number of RSUs available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as at January 1,
   2024 was 1,764,360 Shares. During the Reporting Period, 1,764,360 RSUs were granted under
   the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.




                                                          Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   33
     Other Information




           The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during the
           Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                                                                                                            closing price
                                                                          Closing price                                                                                    of the Shares
                                                                             of Shares                           Number                                                      immediately
                                                                           immediately        Number of         of award                                         Number        before the
                                                                             before the        unvested           Shares                                    of unvested         dates on
           Name of                                                       date on which            award          granted     Number of                            award        which the Fair value of
           Participant or                                                    the award      Shares held        during the award Shares   Number of          Shares held    award Shares award Shares
           Category of                                                     Shares were     at January 1,       Reporting    lapsed and award Shares          at June 30,     were vested at the date of
           Participant           Date of Grant      Vesting Period(1)    granted (HK$)             2024            Period     cancelled      vested                2024            (HK$)   grant (HK$)


           Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
                                                                                                             N/A

           Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                        N/A

           Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding
           treasury Shares)
           Dr. John Matthew
                Norian            February 15, 2019 1–5 years                     5.25      1,568,680                —              —        1,568,680                —              5.59             5.25

           Other employee participants
                                January 6, 2020     1–3 years                     10.82          200,001               —             —          200,001               —              6.39           11.01
                                January 10, 2021    6 months–3 years              15.18        1,151,849               —             —          277,381          874,468             7.08           15.18
                                June 1, 2021        8 months–3 years              21.25          312,500               —             —          187,500          125,000             5.50           21.25
                                January 1, 2022     1 month–2 years                8.71           33,334               —             —           33,334               —              5.71            8.71
                                March 1, 2022       10 months–3 years              8.89           66,667               —             —           33,333           33,334             4.72            8.94
                                April 19, 2024      1–4 Years                      2.31               —         1,764,360            —               —         1,764,360               —             2.27

           Other related entity participants
                                 January 6, 2020 1–3 years                        10.82          238,700                 —           —          238,700               —              8.50           11.01
                                 January 10, 2021 6 months–3 years                15.18          418,050                 —           —          139,350          278,700             4.76           15.18
                                 January 31, 2022 1 month–5 years                  7.76        2,687,460                 —           —        1,074,984        1,612,476             2.44            7.76

           Other service providers
                                                                                                             N/A

           Total                                                                               6,677,241        1,764,360            —        3,753,263        4,688,338


           Notes:

           (1)      The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are
                    linked with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the
                    achievement of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as
                    the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected
                    Participant.

           (2)      The purchase price for the award Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Selected Participants upon vesting
                    is nil.

           (3)      The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during
                    the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the
                    Reporting Period was 0.07%.


34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                   Other Information




2022 Share Award Scheme
The 2022 Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022 (the
“2022 Scheme Adoption Date”), which has been amended on June 25, 2024 (the “2022 Scheme
Amendment Date”) to bring its terms in alignment with the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme but does not form
part of, nor was it intended to be, the 2022 Share Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting
the interpretation of the rules of the 2022 Share Award Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    The purposes of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the
    2022 Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire
    proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected Participants to work
    towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and
    Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining,
    incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the Award
    Selected Participants.

(2) Award Selected Participants of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme comprise
    Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the
    2022 Share Award Scheme). Please refer to the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024 for
    further details of the eligible participants.

(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
    The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made
    pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed in 75,227,514 Shares, representing
    approximately 3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption Date (the
    “2022 Scheme Mandate Limit”), and representing approximately 2.74% of the Shares in issue
    (excluding treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no account shall be
    taken into the calculation of the 2022 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the right to
    acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2022 Share
    Award Scheme. The total number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting
    of all grants made to Service Providers pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not
    exceed 8,273,118 Shares (the “2022 Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately
    0.3% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the 2022 Scheme
    Amendment Date and as at the date of this report. As at the date of this report, (i) the total
    number of Shares available for issue under the 2022 Share Award Scheme is 9,374,273 Shares,
    representing approximately 0.34% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at that
    date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the 2022
    Share Award Scheme is 8,273,118 Shares, representing 0.3% of the Shares in issue (excluding
    treasury Shares) as at that date.




                                                           Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Other Information




     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Award Selected Participant
           The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not
           exceed any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended
           and in force. Any further grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such
           imposed limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such
           participant and his associates abstaining from voting.

     (5) Vesting Period of restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
           Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the
           restricted Shares will usually be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
           corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective
           anniversary dates of the grant, save as determined by the Board at its discretion.

     (6) Grant of restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
           Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date
           of the offer of the grant of the restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The restricted
           Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at
           nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting
           at nil consideration.

     (7) Life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
           The 2022 Share Award Scheme commences on the 2022 Award Adoption Date and remains
           valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years
           from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at June 30,
           2024, the remaining life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme is approximately seven years and five
           months.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                               Other Information




The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
during the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                    Closing price                                                                                                  average
                                                                                       of Shares                                                                                             closing price
                                                                                     immediately                                                                                             of the Shares
                                                                                       before the                Number                                                                       immediately
                                                                                          date on Number of of Restricted                                                            Number before the
                                                                                       which the     unvested     Shares                                                        of unvested       dates on Fair value of
                                                                                       Restricted Restricted     granted          Number of       Number of       Number of       Restricted     which the Restricted
                                                                                     Shares were Shares held during the           Restricted      Restricted      Restricted    Shares held Restricted Shares at the
Name of Participant or Category of                                                       granted at January 1, Reporting             Shares          Shares          Shares      at June 30, Shares were date of grant
Participant                             Date of Grant         Vesting Period(1)             (HK$)        2024     Period             lapsed        cancelled         vested            2024 vested (HK$)          (HK$)


Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
Dr. John G. Wilcox                      March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38 10,000,000              —               —       5,000,000       1,000,000       4,000,000            2.43        5.40
Mr. Zhong Yong                          March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38       6,623,611         —               —              —               —        6,623,611              —         5.40
Mr. Dong Yang                           March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38       5,419,318         —               —              —               —        5,419,318              —         5.40
Ms. Lyu Rong                            March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38       5,419,318         —               —              —               —        5,419,318              —         5.40
Dr. Geng Lihong                         March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38         600,000         —               —              —               —          600,000              —         5.40

Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                                N/A

Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                                            N/A

Other employee participants
                                        January 18, 2023      1 year–5 years                 7.34      28,060,994          —               —               —              —       28,060,994              —         7.34
                                        March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                 5.38       8,730,000          —               —               —              —        8,730,000              —         5.40

Other related entity participants
                                        January 18, 2023      1 year–5 years                 7.34       1,000,000          —               —               —              —        1,000,000              —         7.34

Other service providers
                                                                                                                 N/A


Total                                                                                                  65,853,241          —               —       5,000,000       1,000,000      59,853,241


Notes:

(1)       The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
          corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of the
          grant.

(2)       The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon
          vesting is nil.

(3)       As no new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022
          Share Award Scheme, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be issued in respect
          of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the
          weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024                     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                  37
     Other Information




     The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
     during the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by existing shares acquired by trustee(s) of the
     Company:

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                      Closing price                                                                                                 average
                                                                                         of Shares                                                                                            closing price
                                                                                       immediately                                                                                            of the Shares
                                                                                         before the                     Number of                                                              immediately
                                                                                            date on Number of           Restricted                                                Number of before the
                                                                                         which the     unvested            Shares                                                   unvested       dates on Fair value of
                                                                                         Restricted Restricted            granted       Number of      Number of    Number of      Restricted     which the Restricted
                                                                                       Shares were Shares held          during the      Restricted     Restricted   Restricted   Shares held Restricted Shares at the
     Name of Participant or                                                                granted at January 1,        Reporting          Shares         Shares       Shares     at June 30, Shares were date of grant
     Category of Participant                Date of Grant         Vesting Period(1)           (HK$)        2024             Period         lapsed       cancelled      vested           2024 vested (HK$)          (HK$)


     Directors of the listed issuer
                                                                                                                 N/A

     Five highest paid individuals in aggregate (excluding Directors)
                                                                                                                 N/A

     Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                                                 N/A

     Other grantees in aggregate
     Other Employee Participant             April 19, 2024        1 year — 5 years             2.31              —       5,000,000              —              —     1,000,000     4,000,000          2.73           2.27


     Total                                                                                                       —       5,000,000              —              —     1,000,000     4,000,000


     Notes:

     (1)        The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
                satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

     (2)        The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon
                vesting is nil.

     (3)        As at June 30, 2024, the trustee of the 2022 Share Award Scheme, pursuant to the rules of the 2022 Share Award
                Scheme, held 4,000,000 Shares it purchased from the secondary market for the purpose of satisfying grants of the
                Restricted Shares.




38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                          Interim Report 2024
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements



TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries set out on pages 40 to 75, which comprise the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated
statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the
six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS
34”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company
are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report.

Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed
consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on
Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of
all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed
consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS
34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
29 August 2024


                                                           Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                              NOTES          2024           2023
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)    (unaudited)


     Revenue                                                    3        1,443,756      1,333,906
     Cost of revenue                                                      (860,740)      (769,582)

     Gross profit                                                          583,016        564,324
     Other income                                               4           26,529         47,530
     Other expense                                                            (577)       (17,323)
     Other gains and losses, net                                5           (3,808)        10,468
     Research and development expenses                                     (10,888)       (10,649)
     Administrative expenses                                              (215,694)      (188,072)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                     (86,272)       (87,242)
     Share of results of associates                                          1,976          2,381
     Share of result of a joint venture                                         —            (232)
     Finance costs                                              6          (28,526)       (42,650)

     Profit before taxation                                     7         265,756        278,535
     Income tax expenses                                        8         (75,443)       (54,734)

     Profit for the period                                                190,313        223,801

     Other comprehensive income (expense):
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange difference on translation from
       functional currency to presentation currency                             —        436,550
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to
       profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of
       foreign operations                                                  18,956        (213,750)

     Other comprehensive income for the period                             18,956        222,800

     Total comprehensive income for the period                            209,269        446,601




40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                  Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                       NOTE               2024                    2023
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                    (unaudited)             (unaudited)


Profit for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                189,682                 223,563
  – Non-controlling interests                                                631                     238

                                                                         190,313                 223,801


Total comprehensive income for the period
 attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                                 208,396                 445,291
 – Non-controlling interests                                                 873                   1,310

                                                                         209,269                 446,601


Earnings per share:                                      10
 – Basic (RMB)                                                                 0.07                  0.08


 – Diluted (RMB)                                                               0.07                  0.08




                                                         Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   41
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2024




                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                            NOTES          2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                    (unaudited)        (audited)


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                           11       2,640,149       2,595,241
     Right-of-use assets                                                495,903         528,204
     Goodwill                                                         3,500,300       3,495,983
     Licenses                                                         1,508,710       1,531,148
     Non-compete agreement                                               18,599          19,174
     Contractual right to provide management services                 2,009,045       1,996,613
     Trademarks                                                       2,671,527       2,664,197
     Investments in preferred shares measured
       at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                     7,052           7,052
     Interests in an associate accounted for
       using equity method                                              162,412         159,431
     Financial assets at FVTPL                                           80,000          80,000
     Interest in a joint venture                                         25,093          25,093
     Loan receivable                                         12          28,389          28,431
     Refundable deposits                                                 66,106          65,620
     Prepayments                                             12         203,744         184,595
     Amounts due from related parties                        13          28,368          28,368
     Deferred tax assets                                     16         125,283         121,068
     Life insurance policy                                               23,813          23,511

                                                                    13,594,493       13,553,729

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                         60,888          62,428
     Accounts and other receivables                          12         277,567         169,370
     Amounts due from related parties                        13          96,014         213,687
     Tax recoverable                                                     47,347          44,063
     Time deposits                                                      203,003          87,051
     Other financial assets at FVTPL                                     51,938         141,569
     Bank balances and cash                                             517,321         624,280

                                                                      1,254,078       1,342,448




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                      Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)

                                                                                     As at 30 June 2024




                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                   NOTES               2024                  2023
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables                          14              866,723                 805,083
Amounts due to related parties                       13               23,483                  12,264
Lease liabilities                                                     71,188                  72,199
Tax payables                                                          50,136                  52,483
Bank borrowings                                      15            1,231,671                 747,804

                                                                   2,243,201              1,689,833

Net current liabilities                                             (989,123)               (347,385)

Total assets less current liabilities                             12,605,370             13,206,344


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                    312,220                349,726
Deferred tax liabilities                             16            1,221,721              1,210,705
Bank borrowings                                      15              803,192              1,379,664
Loan payables                                        14                   —                  79,437

                                                                   2,337,133              3,019,532

Net assets                                                        10,268,237             10,186,812


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                        17                  182                    180
Reserves                                                          10,174,108             10,091,243

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                      10,174,290             10,091,423
Non-controlling interests                                             93,947                 95,389

Total equity                                                      10,268,237             10,186,812




                                                     Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                      Shares                                                Equity-
                                                                     held for                                                settled
                                                                   restricted                                                share-
                                                                       share                                                  based                                Non-
                                                Share       Share      award          Capital Translation     Statutory    payment     Retained              controlling
                                               capital   premium scheme              reserve     reserve        reserve     reserve      profits   Sub-total interests        Total
                                              RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                  (Note 18(b))                                (Note (b))


     At 1 January 2024 (audited)                  180    8,904,097          (2)      (402,668)     (74,927)    130,809       85,592    1,448,342 10,091,423       95,389 10,186,812

     Profit for the period                          —           —           —              —            —            —           —      189,682     189,682         631     190,313
     Other comprehensive income for
        the period                                  —           —           —              —       18,714            —           —           —       18,714         242      18,956

     Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                  —           —           —              —       18,714            —           —      189,682     208,396         873     209,269

     Repurchase of shares (Note (a))                —      (12,644)          *             —            —            —           —           —      (12,644)          —      (12,644)
     Dividends recognised as distribution
        (Note 9)                                    —    (150,000)          —              —            —            —           —           —     (150,000)          —     (150,000)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-
        based payments (Note 18(b))                 —          —            —              —            —            —       37,115          —       37,115           —      37,115
     Vesting of restricted shares (Note 18)         —      33,704            *             —            —            —      (33,704)         —           —            —          —
     Issue of shares for Restricted
        Share Award
     Scheme (as defined and detailed in
        Note 18(b))                                 2           —           (2)            —            —            —           —           —           —            —           —
     Dividends to non-controlling interests         —           —           —              —            —            —           —           —           —        (2,315)     (2,315)
     Transfer to statutory reserve                  —           —           —              —            —        27,178          —      (27,178)         —            —           —

     At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                  182    8,775,157          (4)      (402,668)     (56,213)    157,987       89,003    1,610,846 10,174,290       93,947 10,268,237

     *   The amount is less than RMB1,000.




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited            Interim Report 2024
                                    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Continued)

                                                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                  Shares                                                Equity-
                                                                 held for                                               settled
                                                               restricted                                               share-
                                                                   share                                                 based                                Non-
                                           Share       Share       award       Capital Translation        Statutory   payment     Retained               controlling
                                          capital   premium      scheme        reserve    reserve          reserve     reserve      profits    Sub-total interests        Total
                                         RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             (Note 18(b))                                (Note (b))


At 1 January 2023 (audited)                  166    7,878,111           *      (402,668)    (129,470)      115,343      59,176    1,119,085    8,639,743     95,385    8,735,128

Profit for the period                          —           —           —             —             —            —           —      223,563      223,563         238     223,801
Other comprehensive income for
   the period                                  —           —           —             —       221,728            —           —            —      221,728        1,072    222,800

Total comprehensive income for
   the period                                  —           —           —             —       221,728            —           —      223,563      445,291        1,310    446,601

Issue of shares (Note 17)                     12     999,574           —             —             —            —           —            —      999,586           —     999,586
Recognition of equity-settled share-
   based payments (Note 18(b))                 —          —            —             —             —            —        6,370           —        6,370           —       6,370
Vesting of restricted shares (Note 18)         —      22,181            *            —             —            —      (22,181)          —           —            —          —
Issue of shares for Restricted Share
   Award Scheme (as defined and
   detailed in Note 18(b))                     2           —           (2)           —             —            —           —            —            —           —           —
Transaction costs attributable to
   issues of shares                            —        (602)          —             —             —            —           —            —         (602)          —        (602)
Transfer to statutory reserve                  —          —            —             —             —         8,366          —        (8,366)         —            —          —

At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                  180    8,899,264          (2)     (402,668)      92,258       123,709      43,365    1,334,282 10,090,388       96,695 10,187,083

*     The amount is less than RMB1,000.

Notes:

(a)     During the current interim period, a trustee purchased the company’s ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange for
        the satisfaction of awards to be granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme (as defined in Note 18). The trustee purchased
        5,000,000 of the company’s shares with a total amount of RMB12,644,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).

(b)     Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). According to the
        relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
        their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
        until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
        distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
        non-distributable other than upon liquidation.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024             Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           45
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)    (unaudited)


     Operating activities
     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital        468,444        457,213
     Increase in accounts and other receivables                      (35,679)       (30,864)
     Decrease in amounts due from related parties                     48,243         20,745
     Decrease in accounts and other payables                         (23,496)       (24,823)
     Other changes in working capital and tax paid                   (73,685)       (85,447)

     Net cash from operating activities                              383,827        336,824

     Investing activities
     Interest received from banks                                       3,901          6,265
     Interest received from time deposits                                 541          9,296
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL        619,229        257,572
     Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                     (529,160)      (440,239)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment            2,403            232
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                        (67,056)       (95,859)
     Prepayment of property, plant and equipment                      (26,544)            —
     Withdrawal of time deposits                                      265,113      1,272,727
     Placement of time deposits                                      (268,134)    (1,311,291)
     Repayments from related parties                                      383         16,509
     Advances to related parties                                         (635)       (21,474)
     Advances to associates                                                —            (612)
     Redemption of Convertible Bonds                                       —      (1,604,588)
     Settlement of consideration payables on acquisition of
       subsidiaries in prior year                                          —         (46,624)

     Net cash from (used in) investing activities                          41     (1,958,086)




46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                            Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)             (unaudited)


Financing activities
Interest paid                                                               (74,982)                (27,176)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                             (1,526,097)               (381,101)
New bank borrowings raised                                                1,421,692                 591,711
Repayment of loan payables                                                 (129,530)                (37,085)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                              (45,963)                (41,899)
Repayment to related parties                                                 (1,601)                (25,736)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                    —                  999,586
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                                —                     (602)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                             (12,644)                     —
Interest paid for lease liabilities                                          (8,851)                 (9,816)
Advances from related parties                                                   165                     130
Dividend paid                                                                    —                  (10,504)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                   (2,315)                     —

Net cash (used in) from financing activities                               (380,126)             1,057,508

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          3,742               (563,754)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                        691,331              1,329,948
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                         418                  3,940

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period,
 represented by                                                             695,491                 770,134


Bank balances and cash                                                      517,321                 761,064
Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months              178,170                   9,070

                                                                            695,491                 770,134




                                                            Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred
           to as the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman
           Islands with limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap.
           22 (Law 3 of 1961) as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on 3
           May 2018 and its shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
           “Stock Exchange”) since 25 June 2019. The addresses of the registered office of the Company
           and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the section “Corporate
           Information” in the interim report.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are
           principally engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive services; (ii) management
           services; (iii) ambulatory surgery centre facilities services; (iv) ancillary medical services;
           (v) obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and (vi) sales of medicines,
           consumables and equipment.

           During the current interim period, as the underlying operations of the principal subsidiaries
           and the Company’s investments strategy became more diversified globally, which indicated by
           continuing expansion in the PRC and the Southeast Asia and early repaid 62% of the principle
           of its syndicated bank loans denominated in United States Dollars (“USD”), the directors of the
           Company (the “Directors”) revisited the functional currency of the Company. The Directors
           have considered that Renminbi (“RMB”) better reflects the economic environment and financing
           sources of the Company instead of USD, and therefore changed the functional currency of the
           Company from USD to RMB prospectively from 1 January 2024.

           The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is also the
           functional currency of the Company.

           The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
           International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International
           Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of
           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange.

           Going concern assessment
           In preparing the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements, the Directors have
           carefully considered the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current
           liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB989,123,000 and the Group’s current liabilities
           primarily comprise of accounts and other payables amounting to RMB866,723,000 and bank
           borrowings which are due within one year amounting to RMB1,231,671,000 as at 30 June 2024.




48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




1.	GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
  Going concern assessment (Continued)
  The Directors have, at the time of approving the condensed consolidated financial statements,
  a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational
  existence for the foreseeable future after considering the followings:

  •   as at 30 June 2024, the Group has unused banking facility of approximately
      RMB419,659,000, which is available for drawdown and utilisation in the course of ordinary
      business from the date of the approval of these condensed consolidated financial
      statements;

  •   subsequent to 30 June 2024, the Group has obtained additional banking facilities of
      approximately RMB356,340,000, which is made immediately available for the Group to
      utilise at the date of granting such facilities;

  •   subsequent to 30 June 2024, the Group had been in advanced negotiation with certain
      banks which expressed their willingness to grant additional banking facilities to the Group.
      As at the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements, the Group received
      a mandate letter from a bank who proposed to act as mandated lead arranger and
      bookrunner of facility of USD150,000,000 and;

  •   the Directors reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections which cover a period of not less
      than twelve months from 30 June 2024, and have reasonable expectations that the group
      is able to generate sufficient operating cash flow which enable the Group to meet its
      obligation when it falls due in the foreseeable future.

  In view of the above circumstances, the Directors expects that the Group will have sufficient
  liquidity to meet its financial obligations that will be due in the coming twelve months from 30
  June 2024. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared
  on a going concern basis.




                                                        Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     2. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost
           basis except for certain financial instruments are measured at fair values at the end of each
           reporting period, as appropriate.

           Other than change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to
           International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS Standards”), the accounting policies
           and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for
           the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual
           consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

           Application of amendments to IFRS Standards
           In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS
           Standards issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s
           annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed
           consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to IFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
           Amendments to IAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
           Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                   Supplier Finance Arrangements

           The application of the amendments to IFRS Standards in the current interim period has had no
           material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior
           periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




3. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
  Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive services,
  management services, ambulatory surgery centre facilities services, ancillary medical services,
  obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services, and sales of medicines, consumables
  and equipment, net of discounts.

  During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the Group’s revenue is contributed from
  its operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the United States of America (the
  “U.S.A.”) and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”).

  Information reported to the chief executive officers, being the chief operating decision makers
  (“CODM”), for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
  focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM
  is categorised into various jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating
  segment by the CODM.

  The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are
  operations located in the Mainland China and Hong Kong (“Greater China”), and the U.S.A. and
  Lao People’s Democratic Republic (“Laos”) (collectively referred to as “Overseas”) during the
  six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023. The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue
  and results by operating and reportable segments.




                                                        Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     3.	REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           For the six months ended 30 June 2024:

                                                            Greater China     Overseas    Consolidated
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)   (unaudited)    (unaudited)

           Revenue
           Segment revenue from external customers              1,137,636      306,120       1,443,756

           Segment profit                                        345,660         8,717         354,377

           Unallocated administrative expenses                                                 (30,004)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                   (37,115)
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                  (16,339)
           Exchange loss, net                                                                   (5,868)
           Certain interest income from banks                                                      118
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                              587

           Profit before taxation                                                              265,756


           For the six months ended 30 June 2023:

                                                            Greater China     Overseas    Consolidated
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)   (unaudited)    (unaudited)

           Revenue
           Segment revenue from external customers              1,045,511      288,395       1,333,906

           Segment profit                                        316,615        21,200         337,815

           Unallocated administrative expenses                                                 (37,844)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                    (6,370)
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                  (29,692)
           Exchange gain, net                                                                    6,745
           Certain interest income from banks                                                       90
           Interest on convertible bonds                                                        (1,310)
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                            9,101

           Profit before taxation                                                              278,535




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




3.	REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
  Revenue from major services
                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Types of services
  Assisted reproductive and related services                            778,072                 710,052
  Management services                                                   287,371                 283,834
  Other medical services including gynecology and pediatrics
   medical services                                                     201,655                 188,770
  Obstetrics medical services                                           116,384                 102,024
  Sales of consumables and equipment                                     60,274                  49,226

  Total                                                               1,443,756              1,333,906

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Timing of revenue recognition
  A point in time recognition                                           781,330                 728,199
  Over time recognition                                                 662,426                 605,707

  Total                                                               1,443,756              1,333,906


  Geographical information
  On 30 June 2024, the non-current assets located in the Greater China and Overseas
  amounted to RMB9,153,241,000, and RMB4,113,106,000, respectively (31 December 2023:
  RMB9,120,200,000, and RMB4,110,042,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at 30 June
  2024 and 31 December 2023 excluded loan receivable, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable
  deposits, deferred tax assets and amounts due from related parties.

  Information about major customers
  Revenue from customers of the corresponding periods contributing over 10% of the total sales of
  the Group are as follows:

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group (“HRC
   Medical”)                                                            237,925                 225,208



                                                        Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     4. OTHER INCOME
                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)    (unaudited)

           Interest income from time deposits                             587           9,139
           Interest income from banks                                   3,901           6,265
           Government grants                                           14,004          22,059
           Others                                                       8,037          10,067

                                                                       26,529          47,530


     5. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)    (unaudited)

           Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL          1,860          2,091
           Exchange (loss) gain, net                                    (5,883)         6,745
           Gain on early termination of leases                              62          1,047
           Net gain on a life insurance policy                             303            366
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment              (117)          (497)
           Others                                                          (33)           716

           Total                                                        (3,808)        10,468




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024




6. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                     (unaudited)              (unaudited)

  Interest on bank borrowings (Note)                                        19,675                  31,524
  Interest on convertible bonds                                                 —                    1,310
  Interest on lease liabilities                                              8,851                   9,816

                                                                            28,526                  42,650

  Note:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)              (unaudited)

  Total borrowing cost                                                        67,447                  84,268
  Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                      (47,772)                (52,744)

                                                                                19,675                31,524


  Borrowing costs capitalised during the periods ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 arose on the
  specific borrowings.

7. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                     (unaudited)              (unaudited)

  Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

  Cost of inventories recognised as expenses
   (representing pharmaceutical products and
   consumables used and sold, included in cost
   of revenue)                                                            385,601                  348,259
  Share-based compensation benefits                                        37,115                    6,370
  Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative
   expenses)                                                                22,438                  22,404
  Amortisation of non-compete agreement (included in
   administrative expenses)                                                    736                     717
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             76,831                  68,616
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       39,551                  32,896




                                                          Interim Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     8. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)

           Current tax:
            PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                     68,134            55,158
            Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                  1,747             1,882
            California State Income Tax                                              161               108

                                                                                  70,042            57,148

           Withholding tax:                                                         1,446           17,912

           Deferred tax:
            Current period (Note 16)                                                3,955           (20,326)

                                                                                  75,443            54,734


           The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries
           incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI
           from a BVI tax perspective.

           Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the six
           months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.

           Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing 21% of the
           applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State Income
           Tax rate for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 for their operations in the U.S.A. There
           was no assessable profit that was subject to U.S.A. Federal Income Tax during the six months
           ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.

           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”) and implementation regulations
           of the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Group operating in the PRC is 25%,
           except for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western
           Region” and eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are
           tax residents in the PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC
           tax resident immediate holding company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed
           earnings are declared to be paid as dividends out of profits that arose on or after 1 January
           2008.




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024




9. DIVIDENDS
  A final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HK5.95 cents
  (equivalent to RMB5 cents) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB150,000,000
  (2023: Nil), has been proposed by the Directors and approved by the shareholders in the annual
  general meeting held on 25 June 2024.

  During the six months ended 30 June 2023, no dividend were paid, declared or proposed to
  owners of the Company.

  The Directors do not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended
  30 June 2024 (Six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE
  The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the
  Company is based on the following data:

                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                     (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Earnings
  Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share (profit
    for the period attributable to owners of the Company)                 189,682                 223,563
  Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
    Interest on convertible bonds                                                 —                 1,310
    Exchange gain on convertible bonds                                            —               (10,853)

  Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share (profit
   for the period attributable to owners of the Company)                  189,682                 214,020

                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                     (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Number of shares
  Weighted average number of shares for the purpose
    of basic earnings per share                                    2,685,475,449          2,668,504,206
  Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
    Restricted Shares Units issued by the Company                      14,181,186              4,852,184
    Convertible bonds issued by the Company                                    —              60,156,000

  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
   purpose of diluted earnings per share                           2,699,656,635          2,733,512,390




                                                          Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     10.	EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
           For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the weighted average number of ordinary
           shares for the purpose of calculation of basic earnings per share has been adjusted for the
           effect of ordinary shares held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme by the RSU Scheme’s
           Nominee as described in Note 18(b) and the effect of the ordinary shares issued by the
           Company as described in Note 17.

           For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for
           the purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of
           assumption of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from restricted
           shares (2023: the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculation
           of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of assumption of the conversion
           of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from restricted shares and the conversion of the
           Company’s outstanding convertible bonds).

     11. MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           During the current interim period, the Group paid approximately RMB67,056,000 (30 June 2023:
           RMB95,859,000) for acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand and upgrade certain
           fixed assets and hospital premises primarily in the PRC, Laos and the U.S.A.

     12. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      At                 At
                                                                                 30 June      31 December
                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)

           Accounts receivables                                                  169,997            73,086
           Other receivables and prepayments:
            Prepayments on acquisitions of equity interests (Note i)             153,568           153,436
            Prepayments to a director of a subsidiary (Note ii)                   18,648            25,069
            Prepayments to suppliers                                             115,532            87,000
            Interest receivables                                                     272               226
            Loan receivable                                                       28,389            28,431
           Others                                                                 23,294            15,148

                                                                                 509,700           382,396

           Less:	Loan receivable classified as non-current assets
                    (Note iii)                                                   (28,389)          (28,431)
                  Prepayments classified as non-current assets                  (203,744)         (184,595)

           Total accounts and other receivables as current assets                277,567           169,370




58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




12.	ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
  Notes:

  (i)     The amount mainly represents an investment agreement entered in December 2022 between the Group and
          Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd, which is the holding company of Chengdu Jinxin
          Aijian International Hospital Management Co., Ltd (“Jinxin Aijian”), and mutually agreed to transfer the amounts
          due from Jinxin Aijian amounting to RMB132,188,000 as the prepayment to future equity investment in Chengdu
          Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.

  (ii)    With effect from 1 December 2022 to 30 November 2025, a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is entitled to
          an aggregate remuneration of HK$43,300,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB39,520,000).

  (iii)   The amount represent US$3,070,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB21,876,000) (2023: US$3,025,000
          (equivalent to approximately RMB21,723,000)) loan receivable from a shareholder of an associate and US$914,000
          (equivalent to approximately RMB6,513,000) (2023: US$969,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,708,000))
          loan receivable from IVF Universal, LLC, a supplier to the Group. These amounts are unsecured and interest-free.
          The loan receivable from a supplier is contracted to collect in 2026 and the loan receivable from a shareholder of
          an associate is expected to collect in 2026 (2023: The loan receivable from a supplier is contracted to collect in
          2026 and the loan receivable from a shareholder of an associate is expected to collect in 2026) and are therefore
          classified as non-current assets in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position.


  The individual customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Wuhan Jinxin
  Hospital, Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd (“HK ARC”), Hong Kong Reproductive
  Health Centre Ltd (“HK RHC”), Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and
  Kunming Hewanjia Hospital would usually settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards
  or governments’ social insurance schemes. Payments by governments’ social insurance
  schemes will normally be settled by the local social insurance bureau and similar government
  departments which are responsible for the reimbursement of medical expenses for patients
  who are covered by the government medical insurance schemes from 30 to 90 days from the
  transaction date.

  The individual customers of HRC Management Group would usually settle by cash or payments
  through insurance schemes. Payments by insurance schemes will normally be settled by
  commercial insurance companies from 60 to 365 days from the transaction date.

  The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital usually
  settle by cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days from the transaction
  date.

  The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date
  at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                            As at                As at
                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)             (audited)

  Within 90 days                                                                          122,623                 44,408
  91 to 180 days                                                                           32,799                 16,653
  Over 180 days                                                                            14,575                 12,025

                                                                                          169,997                 73,086




                                                                        Interim Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   59
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     13. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO
         RELATED PARTIES
           Amounts due from related parties

                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                              30 June    31 December
                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)        (audited)

           Trade in nature
           成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司
             (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd)
             (Notes i, ii & iii)*                                              34,647          54,647
           HRC Medical (Note iv)                                               36,215          39,704
           成都錦欣信息科技有限公司
             (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd)
             (Notes ii & v)*                                                       48              53
           四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
             (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd) (Notes i & ii)*            55             120
           Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Notes ii & vi)         6,050           6,951
           Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital
             (Note viii)*                                                          —           95,135
           Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
             (Notes i & ii)                                                    17,219          15,549

                                                                               94,234         212,159


           Non-trade in nature
           Loan receivables:
           成都錦霖企業管理有限公司
            (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd)
            (Notes i & vii)*                                                   28,368          28,368
           Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
            (Notes i & ii)                                                      1,780           1,528

                                                                               30,148          29,896

           Total                                                              124,382         242,055




60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




13.	AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO
    RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
  Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
  The following is a liquidity analysis of amounts due from related parties based on managements’
  estimation on the repayment schedule.

                                                                                             At                    At
                                                                                        30 June         31 December
                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)

  Analysed as:
   Current                                                                                 96,014               213,687
   Non-current                                                                             28,368                28,368

                                                                                         124,382                242,055

  Notes:

  *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
          directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

  (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company.
          The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (31 December 2023: 365 days) at the end of the reporting period.

  (iii)   The amount represents receivable from Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd. in relation to
          management services provided in accordance with the IVF specialty collaboration agreements. The Group allows a
          credit period of within 365 days to Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.

  (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment Holding, LLC (“HRC
          Investment”). The amount represents receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services provided
          in accordance with management services agreement. The amount is unsecured and interest-free. The trade
          balance at 30 June 2024 based on invoice date is aged within 90 days (2023: 90 days) and not past due nor
          impaired.

  (v)     The entity is a subsidiary of joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable
          on demand.

  (vi)    The entity is an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (vii)   The amount of RMB28,368,000 (31 December 2023: RMB28,368,000) due from Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise
          Management Co., Ltd. is unsecured, interest-free, and repayable on demand after six months from the date of loan
          agreement on 20 April 2021.

  (viii) The entity is no longer a related party as the entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the
         Company from the beginning of the period.




                                                                       Interim Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   61
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     13.	AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO
         RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
           The following is an aged analysis of amounts due from related parties which are trade in nature
           presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                  As at            As at
                                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)         (audited)

           Within 90 days                                                       56,293          138,972
           91 to 180 days                                                       20,983           52,489
           Over 180 days                                                        16,958           20,698

                                                                                94,234          212,159


           Amounts due to related parties
                                                                                  As at            As at
                                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)         (audited)

           Trade in nature
           四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
             (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd) (Note i)*                     8              220
           成都錦欣信息科技有限公司
             (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd) (Note ii)*           652             1,006
           Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note iii)                  —                249
           Gender Selection Australia (Notes iv & vi)                               —                 97
           Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)           5,802             6,602

                                                                                 6,462             8,174

           Non-trade in nature
           四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
            (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd)
            (Notes i & vi)*                                                      1,960             2,000
           HRC Medical (Notes v & vi)                                           11,510                —
           Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
            (Notes i & vi)                                                       3,551             2,090

                                                                                17,021             4,090

           Total                                                                23,483            12,264


62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




13.	AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES/AMOUNTS DUE TO
    RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
  Amounts due to related parties (Continued)
  Notes:

  *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
          directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

  (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the Company.
          The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
          repayable on demand.

  (iii)   The entity is an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

  (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by a shareholder of HRC Investment.

  (v)     The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment.

  (vi)    The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


  The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature
  presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                                            30 June        31 December
                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)            (audited)

  Within 90 days                                                                               3,009                  3,740
  91 to 180 days                                                                                 414                  1,696
  Over 180 days                                                                                3,039                  2,738

                                                                                               6,462                  8,174




                                                                         Interim Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   63
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     14. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                   As at                As at
                                                                                                30 June         31 December
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

           Accounts payables                                                                    257,094               231,286

           Other payables:
           Construction payables                                                                 51,713                48,703
           Loan payables (Note i)                                                               108,275               236,075
           Dividend payable                                                                     150,000                    —
           Refundable customers’ deposits                                                       159,840               141,636
           Accrued employee expenses                                                             76,393               137,959
           Provision                                                                              5,701                13,988
           Value-added tax and other tax payables                                                 7,762                12,494
           Interest payables                                                                        941                14,015
           Deferred income (Note ii)                                                             11,648                11,345
           Others                                                                                37,356                37,019

                                                                                                609,629               653,234

           Total accounts and other payables                                                    866,723               884,520


           Less: Loan payables as non-current liabilities                                               —              (79,437)

           Total accounts and other payables as current liabilities                             866,723               805,083

           Notes:

           (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loan payables to the former shareholders of 深圳市恆裕聯
                  翔投資發展有限公司 (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd). Pursuant to the equity
                  transfer agreement entered into on 4 February 2022, certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former
                  shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year as at
                  30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former shareholders upon
                  completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled for over one year).

           (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with
                  conditions not yet fulfilled.




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




14.	ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
  The credit period of accounts payables is generally from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

  The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at
  the end of the reporting period.

                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)              (audited)

  Within 90 days                                                        192,168                 161,031
  91 to 180 days                                                         27,689                  34,265
  181 to 365 days                                                        18,670                  23,629
  Over 365 days                                                          18,567                  12,361

                                                                        257,094                 231,286


15. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)              (audited)

  Bank borrowings-guaranteed                                          2,034,863              2,127,468

  The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are
   repayable:
  Within one year                                                     1,231,671                 747,804
  Within a period of more than one year but not
   exceeding two years                                                  125,663              1,379,664
  Within a period of more than two years but not
   exceeding three years                                                166,364                        —
  Within a period of more than three years                              511,165                        —

                                                                      2,034,863              2,127,468




                                                        Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   65
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     15.	BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
           Note:

           On 28 December 2021, the Company obtained syndicated bank facility amounted to US$300,000,000 (equivalent to
           approximately RMB2,070,678,000). Credit Suisse AG Singapore branch and China CITIC Bank International Limited
           acted as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners of the syndicated bank facility. During the year ended 31 December
           2022, the Company drew down the bank facility to its full amount. The syndicated loans carry interest at variable market
           rates of Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a fixed interest of 2.2% and are scheduled to be repaid by installments
           of 15%, 20% and 65% of the principal upon 24, 30 and 36 months of the utilisation date. As at 30 June 2024, the
           outstanding amount of the loans are repayable by instalments of 11.0% of the principal upon 36 months of the utilisation
           date.


           The Group obtained new loans amounting to RMB1,421,692,000 (six months ended 30 June
           2023: RMB591,711,000) and made repayments amounting to approximately RMB1,526,097,000
           (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB381,101,000) of which approximately RMB1,349,837,000
           (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil) were early repaid in relation to the syndicated loans
           mentioned above. The borrowings carry annual interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 7.3% per
           annum as at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: 3.5% to 7.3% per annum) and are repayable
           between 2024 and 2030 (31 December 2023: repayable between 2024 and 2025).

     16. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                             Fair value
                                                                           adjustments
                                                             Accelerated arising from
                                                                      tax acquisition of
                                                             depreciation subsidiaries             Tax losses            Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000

           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023
             (audited)                                               (6,039)      (1,180,324)           88,516       (1,097,847)
           Credited (charged) during the period
             (Note 8)                                                 5,835           (7,871)           22,362            20,326
           Exchange realignment                                          —           (27,969)            3,009           (24,960)

           At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                 (204)      (1,216,164)         113,887        (1,102,481)
           (Charged) credited during the period                      (5,024)          (8,355)           9,116            (4,263)
           Exchange realignment                                          —            19,042           (1,935)           17,107

           At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024
             (audited)                                               (5,228)      (1,205,477)         121,068        (1,089,637)
           Credited (charged) during the period
             (Note 8)                                                   685           (8,343)            3,703            (3,955)
           Exchange realignment                                          —            (3,358)              512            (2,846)

           At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                               (4,543)      (1,217,178)         125,283        (1,096,438)




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024




16.	DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                  (unaudited)             (audited)

   Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (1,221,721)           (1,210,705)
   Deferred tax assets                                                                 125,283               121,068

                                                                                    (1,096,438)           (1,089,637)


17. SHARE CAPITAL
   The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                                Number                   Share                Share
                                                               of shares                capital              capital
                                                                                          US$               RMB’000

   Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
   Authorised:
   At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023
     and 30 June 2024                                     5,000,000,000                  50,000                    345

   Issued:
   At 1 January 2023 (audited)                            2,516,852,802                  25,169                    166
   Issue of shares (Note i)                                 204,060,994                   2,041                     14

   At 31 December 2023 (audited)                          2,720,913,796                  27,210                    180

   Issue of shares (Note ii)                                  36,792,247                    368                       2

   At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                            2,757,706,043                  27,578                    182

   Notes:

   (i)    During the year ended 31 December 2023, 175,000,000 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company
          through a private placement arrangement at the price of HK$6.725 per share. Proceeds of US$1,750 (equivalent
          to approximately RMB12,000) represent the par value of the shares issued were credited to the share capital of
          the Company. The remaining proceeds net of transaction costs of RMB998,972,000 were credited to the share
          premium. For details of the transaction, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 16 January 2023.

          In addition, 29,060,994 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to Jinxin 2nd ESOP Limited (“the
          second RSU Scheme’s Nominee”) for and on behalf of the Company.

   (ii)   During the current interim period, 36,792,247 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to the second RSU
          Scheme’s Nominee.

                                                                      Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   67
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     18. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
           (a) Share Option Scheme
                 The Company’s share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant
                 to a resolution passed on 3 June 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to
                 directors and eligible employees. The Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective for a
                 period of ten years, commencing from 3 June 2019. No share option was in issue pursuant
                 to the Share Option Scheme at the end of the reporting period.

                 The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
                 under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must
                 not in aggregate exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (“Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the
                 Shares in issue immediately after the listing of the shares on the Main Board of The Stock
                 Exchange on 25 June 2019 (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and no
                 exercise of any option which may be granted under the Share Option Scheme) unless the
                 Company obtains an approval from its shareholders. Options lapsed in accordance with the
                 terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the
                 Scheme Mandate Limit. Moreover, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued
                 upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share
                 Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate
                 exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.

                 No option may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
                 schemes of the Company if such Scheme Mandate Limited is exceeded.

                 During the current interim period, after due and careful consideration, the Directors decided
                 that no further grant shall be made under the Share Option Scheme and has resolved to
                 terminate it.

           (b) Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”)
                 On 15 February 2019 (the “First Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme
                 (the “2019 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of 2019 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the
                 selected participants of 2019 RSU Scheme (the “2019 Selected Participants”) with the
                 opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the grantees
                 to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and our Shares for the benefit of
                 the Company and the shareholders of the Company as a whole; and (iii) provide the
                 Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivising, rewarding, remunerating,
                 compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2019 Selected Participants. The 2019 RSU
                 Scheme commences on the First Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and
                 until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless
                 terminated earlier by a resolution of the Directors.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                            Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024




18.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
  (b)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
     The total number of the 2019 restricted share units (the “2019 RSUs”) underlying all grants
     made pursuant to the 2019 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total 1.66% (i.e. 32,981,388
     shares) of the Company’s issued share capital as at the First Adoption Date (the “2019 RSU
     Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2019
     RSU Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released,
     lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2019 RSU Scheme.

     During the current interim period, after due and careful consideration, the Directors decided
     that no further grant shall be made under the 2019 RSU Scheme and has resolved to
     terminate it, provided that the awards previously granted under the 2019 RSU Scheme shall
     continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.

     In addition, the Company approved a new RSU Scheme (the “2022 RSU Scheme”) on 17
     February 2022 (the “Second Adoption Date”). The purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme
     are to (i) provide the selected participants of the 2022 RSU Scheme (the “2022 Selected
     Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii)
     encourage the 2022 Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the
     Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and
     (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward,
     remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the 2022 Selected Participants.
     The 2022 RSU Scheme commences on the Second Adoption Date and remains valid and
     effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years
     from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of directors of the
     Company.

     The total number of the 2022 restricted share units (the “2022 RSUs”) underlying all grants
     made pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total approximately 3% (i.e.
     75,227,514 shares) of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Second Adoption
     Date (the “2022 RSU Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be taken into the
     calculation of the 2022 RSU Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such
     Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2022 RSU Scheme.

     A deed of adherence dated 14 February 2019 was entered into between the Company and
     Jinxin Employee Holdings Company Limited (“the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee”). On 15
     February 2019, 32,981,388 shares were issued to the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and
     on behalf of the Company. As of 30 June 2024, 4,688,338 shares were held by the first RSU
     Scheme’s Nominee.




                                                       Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   69
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     18.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) (Continued)
                 Another deed of adherence dated 15 February 2023 was entered into between the
                 Company and the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee. On 15 February 2023 and 22 March
                 2024, 29,060,994 shares and 36,792,247 shares were issued to the second RSU Scheme’s
                 Nominee for and on behalf of the Company respectively. As of 30 June 2024, 68,853,241
                 shares were held by the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee.

                 The above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been
                 deducted from shareholders’ equity as shown in the condensed consolidated statement of
                 changes in equity under “Shares held for Restricted Share Award Scheme”.

                 The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU
                 Scheme or for the exercise of the RSU.

                 The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on 27 March
                 2023, 23 August 2023 and 19 April 2024. The fair value of the RSUs granted on 27
                 March 2023, 23 August 2023 and 19 April 2024 were assessed to be RMB47,272,000,
                 RMB164,188,000 RMB31,808,000 and respectively.

                 The Group recognised the total expense of RMB37,115,000 for the six months ended 30
                 June 2024 (2023: RMB6,370,000) in relation to RSUs granted by the Company in the current
                 interim period.

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
                 RSUs that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if
                 any, is recognised in profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled
                 share-based payment reserve.

     19. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
           The Group has been involved in legal proceedings and claims during the current interim period
           that arise in the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute
           claims brought by the former patients or employees over the past few years.

           The Group has been vigorously defending these legal proceedings and claims. The Directors
           believe that the final outcome of these outstanding legal proceedings and claims will not have
           a material impact on the financial position or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow,
           if any, cannot be determined with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly,
           no material provision has been made regarding these legal proceedings and claims during the
           current interim period.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024




20. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                            30 June          31 December
                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)              (audited)



  Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and
   equipment contracted for but not provided in the
   condensed consolidated financial statements                               232,294                  97,908
  Commitment to certain investment classified as financial
   assets at FVTPL                                                           120,000                 120,000

                                                                             352,294                 217,908


21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at
        fair value on a recurring basis

        The Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at 30
        June 2024 and 31 December 2023 include financial assets at FVTPL.

        The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
        the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy
        into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree
        to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

        •    Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
             market for identical assets or liabilities;

        •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted
             prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
             directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

        •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that
             include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data
             (unobservable inputs).




                                                             Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   71
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     21.	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
           (i)	Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at
                fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                 The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are
                 determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                                                                                                                              Significant         Relationship of unobservable
                 Financial assets                     Fair value as at       Fair value hierarchy   Valuation and techniques key inputs                       unobservable inputs inputs to fair value


                 Other financial assets at FVTPL      30 June 2024           Level 2                Discounted cash flows-future cash flows are                N/A                    N/A
                                                          – RMB51,938,000                               estimated based on estimated return, and
                                                      31 December 2023                                  discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risks of
                                                          – RMB141,569,000                              various counterparties.

                 Financial assets at FVTPL            30 June 2024           Level 3                Net Value Model Key inputs: Net value of underlying       The net value of        The higher the net value of
                                                          – RMB80,000,000                               investment                                                underlying              underlying investment,
                                                      31 December 2023                                                                                            investment              the higher the fair value
                                                          – RMB80,000,000

                 Investments in preferred shares      30 June 2024           Level 3                Market Approach and Black-Scholes Option Pricing          Expected volatility of The significant unobservable
                     measured at FVTPL                    – RMB7,052,000                               Model Key inputs: enterprise value to sales               the underlying          input is the expected
                                                      31 December 2023                                 multiple, risk-free rate, expected volatility of the      share prices            volatility of the underlying
                                                          – RMB7,052,000                               underlying share prices, time to liquidity event                                  share prices of 50% (2023:
                                                                                                                                                                                         50%). Changing this
                                                                                                                                                                                         unobservable input based
                                                                                                                                                                                         on reasonable alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                         assumptions would not
                                                                                                                                                                                         significantly change the
                                                                                                                                                                                         valuations of the preferred
                                                                                                                                                                                         shares


                 There were no transfer between levels during the period.

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets:

                                                                                                                                                                                              RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                                                                                                                                   105,743
                 Partial disposal of preferred shares                                                                                                                                         (102,514)
                 Exchange realignment                                                                                                                                                            3,966

                 At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                                                                                                                        7,195
                 Purchase                                                                                                                                                                          80,000
                 Exchange realignment                                                                                                                                                                (143)

                 At 31 December 2023 (audited) and 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                                                        87,052




72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                Interim Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024




21.	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
  (ii) Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
          The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are
          determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted
          cash flow analysis.

          The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
          liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements
          approximate their fair values at the end of each reporting period.

22. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
  In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated
  financial statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

                                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                  2024               2023
  Name                                                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000
  Related companies                       Relationship                          Nature of transactions                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)


  Jinjiang District Maternity and Child   Entity controlled by Chengdu Jinxin   Provision of management services by                 —             38,442
     Health Hospital* (Note i)               Investment                            the Group

                                                                                Provision of pathological examination               —               6,428
                                                                                   services by the Group

                                                                                Sale of medicines, consumables and                  —             26,321
                                                                                   equipment by the Group

  成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                            Entity controlled by                  Sales of software                                   —                  225
   Chengdu Jinxin Information                成都錦欣尚輝企業管理有限公司
   Technology Co., Ltd*                      Chengdu Jinxin Shanghui
                                             Enterprise Management Co., Ltd




  四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                          Entity controlled by Chengdu Jinxin   Purchase of consumables by the Group              (301)                (110)
   Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products           Investment
   Co., Ltd.*

  成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司                          Entity controlled by Chengdu Jinxin   Provision of management services by                 —             21,846
   Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical              Investment                            the Group
   Management Co., Ltd*

  Jinxin International Medical Service    An associate of the Company           Marketing expenses                             (14,378)          (19,458)
     Limited



                                                                                          Interim Report 2024           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         73
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     22. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated
           financial statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:
           (Continued)

                                                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                       2024               2023
           Name                                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
           Related companies                      Relationship                          Nature of transactions                   (unaudited)        (unaudited)


           Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its      These related parties and Chengdu     Provision of pathological examination         2,082              2,233
             other affiliates (Note ii)             Jinxin Investment have the same        services by the Group
                                                    beneficial Shareholders with the
                                                    Company                             Sale of medicines, consumables and            8,964              6,503
                                                                                           equipment by the Group

                                                                                        Provision of consulting services                 —                203
                                                                                        Provision of rental services                    101               172
                                                                                        Provision of catering services                1,800                —
                                                                                        Repayment of lease liability                (23,254)          (21,780)
                                                                                        Finance cost on lease liability              (2,264)           (2,727)
                                                                                        Rending cleaning services to the Group       (3,192)           (3,326)
                                                                                        Purchase of consumables by the Group             —             (2,023)
                                                                                        Rending of dormitory rental to the              (32)             (119)
                                                                                           Group
                                                                                        Rendering cleaning services to the             (645)                —
                                                                                           Group

           HRC Medical and its other affiliates   Controlled or jointly controlled by   Management services income                 218,562            207,776
             (Note iii)                             certain shareholders of HRC         Pre-implantation genetic                    16,965             15,509
                                                    investment                             screening testing income
                                                                                        Ambulatory surgery centre facilities          2,398              1,923
                                                                                           income
                                                                                        Repayment of lease liability                 (1,640)            (1,624)
                                                                                        Finance cost on lease liability                (309)              (354)
                                                                                        Marketing expense                              (586)              (572)

           Notes:

           *       English name is for identification purpose only.

           (i)     The entity is no longer a related party as the entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the
                   Company from the beginning of the period.

           (ii)    The amount of lease liabilities as at 30 June 2024 is RMB74,269,000 (31 December 2023: RMB96,960,000).

           (iii)   The amount of lease liabilities as at 30 June 2024 is RMB21,269,000 (31 December 2023: RMB22,464,000).




74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          Interim Report 2024
                            Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024




22. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
  Compensation of key management personnel
  The remuneration of the Directors and key management is determined based on performance of
  individuals and market trends.

  Key management includes the Directors and senior management. The remuneration of the
  Directors and key management during the period was as follows:

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)             (unaudited)

  Salaries and allowances                                                 4,836                   5,750
  Performance-related incentive payments                                    782                   1,526
  Share-based compensation benefits                                      11,653                     850
  Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                  225                     200

                                                                         17,496                   8,326


23. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
  During six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group entered into a share subscription and
  equity transfer agreement to acquire 30% equity interests in aggregate in PT Morula Indonesia
  (“PT Morula”), pursuant to which the Group agrees to subscribe 25% shares in PT Morula
  and acquire another 5% of equity interests held by certain independent third-parties (“the
  transaction”) at a total consideration of approximately RMB189,491,000. On 19 July 2024, the
  transaction was completed and the Directors expected the Group is able to exercise significant
  influence over PT Morula.




                                                       Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Definitions



     In this report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context otherwise
     requires:

     “2022 Contractual Arrangements”              the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
                                                  entered into by, among others, Jinxin Medical Investment,
                                                  the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang
                                                  and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Jinxin
                                                  Women and Child Hospital details of which are described in the
                                                  Company’s announcement dated November 26, 2021

     “2022 Share Award Scheme”                    the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted
                                                  by the Company on February 17, 2022 and amended by the
                                                  Company on June 25, 2024, the principal terms of which are
                                                  summarized in the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024

     “ARC”                                        Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助生育
                                                  中心有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited
                                                  liability on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

     “ARS”                                        assisted reproductive service(s)

     “Audit and Risk Management                   the audit and risk management committee of the Board
       Committee”

     “Board” or “Board of Directors”              the board of Directors of the Company

     “BVI”                                        British Virgin Islands

     “Cayman Islands Companies                    the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap.
       Law“                                       22 (Law 3 of 1961), as amended or supplemented or otherwise
                                                  modified from time to time

     “CG Code”                                    the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
                                                  Listing Rules

     “Chairman”                                   the Chairman of the Board

     “Chengdu Xinan Clinic”                       Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd* (成都錦江西囡診所有限
                                                  公司), a company established in Chengdu, Sichuan Province,
                                                  the PRC with limited liability on November 10, 2015, the Group’s
                                                  subsidiary

     “Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen                  the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
       Zhongshan Contractual                      entered into by, among others, the Jinrun Fude Registered
       Arrangements”                              Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                                                  Zhongshan Hospital details of which are described in the
                                                  Company’s announcement dated April 13, 2022




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                            Definitions




“China” or the “PRC”             the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this
                                 report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and
                                 Taiwan

“Company”, “Jinxin Fertility”,   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦 欣 生 殖 醫 療 集 團 有 限 公 司*),
  “we” or “our”                  previously known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited,
                                 an exempted company established in the Cayman Islands with
                                 limited liability on May 3, 2018

“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company

“ESOP”                           collectively the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, the 2022 Share Award
                                 Scheme and the Share Option Scheme

“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries

“Hewanjia Hospital”              Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital
                                 Co., Ltd.* (昆 明 錦 欣 和 萬 家 婦 產 醫 院 有 限 公 司), a company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                                 January 15, 2014 and a subsidiary of the Group

“HK$” or “HKD”                   Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“HRC Fertility”                  HRC Management and HRC Medical

“HRC Investment”                 HRC Investment Holding, LLC, a limited liability company
                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                 June 2, 2017, the Group’s substantial shareholder

“HRC Management”                 HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company
                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                 November 3, 2015, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

“HRC Medical”                    Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                 corporation established under the laws of California, the United
                                 States on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company
                                 by virtue of being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr.
                                 Bradford A. Kolb and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics
                                 and three IVF laboratories in California which it owns

“IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards

“IVF”                            in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are
                                 incubated together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system to
                                 achieve pregnancy




                                                         Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Definitions




     “IVF-EF”                                     in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer

     “Jinjiang District Maternity and             Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital*
        Child Health Hospital”                    (成 都 市 錦 江 區 婦 幼 保 健 院), a non-profit maternity and child
                                                  healthcare hospital established in the PRC in 1954 managed by
                                                  the Group

     “Jinrun Fude”                                Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company
                                                  Limited* (成 都 錦 潤 福 德 醫 療 管 理 有 限 公 司), a limited liability
                                                  company established under the laws of the PRC on May 9,
                                                  2018, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2019 Contractual
                                                  Arrangements

     “Jinrun Fude Registered                      two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan
        Shareholders”                             Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan

     “Jinxin Fertility BVI”                       JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited, a limited liability
                                                  company established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
                                                  on November 13, 2017, the Company’s substantial shareholder

     “Jinxin Medical Investment”                  Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有
                                                  限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                                  limited liability, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2021
                                                  Contractual Arrangements

     “Jinyi Hongkang”                             Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co., Ltd.*
                                                  (成 都 錦 逸 弘 康 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司), a limited liability company
                                                  established under the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary by
                                                  virtue of the 2021 Contractual Arrangements

     “Jinyi Hongkang Registered                   two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Ms. Lyu
        Shareholders”                             Rong and Mr. Xu Jun

     “Jiuzhou Hospital”                           Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九洲醫院有
                                                  限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                                  limited liability on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of the
                                                  Group

     “Listing”                                    the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
                                                  on June 25, 2019

     “Listing Date”                               June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed on
                                                  the Main Board

     “Listing Rules”                              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
                                                  Exchange, as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Main Board”                                 Main Board of the Stock Exchange


78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                           Definitions




“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                Issuers contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Molecular Genetics Services”   medical services involving molecular genetics (分子遺傳)

“Pre-IPO RSU Scheme”            the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                Company on February 15, 2019, which has been terminated as at
                                June 30, 2024

“Prospectus”                    the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

“R&D”                           research and development

“Renminbi” or “RMB”             Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”              the six-month period from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024

“Restricted Share”              a share underlying an award granted to an Award Selected
                                Participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme

“RHC”                           Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (香港生育康健中
                                心有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited
                                liability on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary, and is
                                operated under the brand name Gratia Medical Centre

“RSU”                           a restricted share unit award granted to a Selected Participant
                                under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme

“SFO”                           Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise notified
                                from time to time

“Share Option Scheme”           the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company
                                on June 3, 2019, which has been terminated as at June 30, 2024

“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal
                                value of US$0.00001 each

“Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of Share(s)

“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”   Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital* (深
                                圳中山婦產醫院), a company established in Shenzhen, PRC with
                                limited liability on May 18, 2004, the Group’s indirect subsidiary
                                that is a for-profit specialty hospital




                                                        Interim Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Definitions




     “Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”                   Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣
                                                  生殖醫療管理有限公司), a company established under the laws of
                                                  the PRC with limited liability on September 12, 2016, our indirect
                                                  subsidiary

     “Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”              collectively, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) and
                                                  Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)

     “Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital               Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Bisheng
       (Bisheng Campus)”                          Campus) (四 川 錦 欣 西 囡 婦 女 兒 童 醫 院 畢 昇 院 區), a company
                                                  established in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited
                                                  liability on November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

     “Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital               Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Jingxiu
       (Jingxiu Campus)”                          Campus)* (四 川 錦 欣 西 囡 婦 女 兒 童 醫 院 靜 秀 院 區), a company
                                                  established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                                                  December 9, 2016 that is a for profit women and children hospital

     “Stock Exchange”                             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “success rate”                               the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for
                                                  discussion in the Prospectus and this annual report

     “treasury Shares”                            has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules which will
                                                  came into effect on June 11, 2024 and as amended from time to
                                                  time

     “U.S.”, “US” or “United States”              the United States of America

     “U.S. dollar(s)”, “US$” or “USD”             United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States of
                                                  America

     “Western United States”                      the region in the United States comprising of the states Alaska,
                                                  Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada,
                                                  New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming

     “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                      Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital
                                                  Co., Ltd.* (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company
                                                  established in the PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006,
                                                  the Group’s indirect subsidiary

     In this report, the terms “associate”, “connected person”, “controlling shareholder” and “subsidiary”
     shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the context otherwise
     requires.

     *   For identification purpose only




80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Interim Report 2024
