      Jinxin AR2024 Cover̲28mm OP.pdf 1 16/4/2025 下午1:41




                                                               Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                                              Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                                                           *                                                                                                                 *
                   （根據開曼群島法律註冊成立的有限公司）                                                          (Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                    股份代號： 01951                                                                 Stock Code: 01951




                                                                 錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
 C



 M




                                             年報
 Y



CM
                                                                                                          Annual Report

                                                 2024                                                                    2024
MY



CY



CMY



 K




                                                               Annual Report 2024 年報



                       * 僅供識別                                                                     * For identification purposes only
Contents
Page



  2    Company Profile
  4    Corporate Information
  6    Financial Summary
  7    Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers
 13 Management Discussion and Analysis
 34 Directors and Senior Management
 43 Report of Directors
 85 Corporate Governance Report
 102 Independent Auditor’s Report
 107 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
       Comprehensive Income
 109 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 111 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 114 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 117 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 230 Definitions
    Company Profile



    The Group is a leading ARS provider in China and the United States. Leveraging the Group’s existing
    market leadership in China and the United States, the Group is uniquely positioned to capture unmet
    demand of ARS patients in China and the United States as well as growth opportunities in both markets.
    The Group endeavors to provide patients with personalized solutions to fulfill their dreams of becoming
    parents.

    The Group has established a competitive advantage on branding, technology, medical staff and
    management in a market with significant entry barriers. All hospitals established in the Group’s network
    are recognized as top-notch in their respective regional market, including but not limited to Sichuan
    Province, the Greater Bay Area, Yunnan Province and the Western United States, which contributes to
    the Group’s leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States. In 2021, the Group
    acquired the Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), RHC (brand name: Gratia Medical Center)
    and ARC to expand its footprint in Sichuan Province and the Greater Bay Area and diversified its service
    offerings to provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal,
    childbirth and postpartum. The Group acquired a new property in February 2022, which will be officially
    put into operation in 2025 for our Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, with a view to capture the anticipated
    growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater Bay Area and expand its
    capacity by enhancing spatial and environmental factors, as well as to expand the VIP service to satisfy
    the multi-dimensional needs of our patients. The Group also completed the acquisition of controlling
    interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital, thereby, further expanding the Company’s market
    share and influence in Southwest China. In late 2022, the Group conducted an internal restructuring
    to enable Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) to further expand its scope of offerings and
    provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics Services, being the cutting-edge technology
    for pre-natal examination in accordance with the applicable PRC laws. In April 2023, Chengdu Xinan
    Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) merged their ARS-related medical licenses
    to Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, building a strong reputation and enhanced its market influence in ARS,
    obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively with to their excellent medical quality and
    superior service experiences. We expect to further promote the synergistic effects of the two hospitals and
    strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. As part of our growth strategies, HRC Medical
    has sought to expand its business by way of recruiting physicians and constructing clinics by itself. In
    2024, HRC Medical has seen significant results in physician recruitment, with five new physicians joining
    HRC Medical this year. The Group has also entered into contracts with an additional 12 doctors, who are
    expected to join within the next two years. In July 2024, HRC Medical’s satellite centre in Beverly Hills has
    officially begun operations. In December 2024, a new business development hub was established in San
    Francisco.

    In November 2023, we established a strategic partnership with Warburg Pincus by becoming one of the
    limited partners of its fund, which is expected to increase the breadth and depth of the Company’s
    exploration of acquisition opportunities by leveraging on the fund’s advantages. We believe the strategic
    partnership complements the Company’s strategic layout and support the Group’s mergers and
    acquisition investment strategies.

    Further in July 2024, we tapped into the Southeast Asia IVF market via the establishment of strategic
    partnership with PT Morula Indonesia (“Morula”). Morula was established in 1997 and is one of the largest
    groups of fertility clinics in Indonesia, currently operating ten IVF clinics across Indonesia. Morula is a
    member of PT Bundamedik Tbk (“Bundamedik”), a group established in 1973 and successfully listed on
    the Indonesian Stock Exchange in 2021. This investment embarked the cooperation between two leaders
    of their respective fields, having Jinxin Fertility in China and the United States as well as Morula in
    Indonesia, to leverage their mutual expertise and strengths.


2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Company Profile



The Group expects the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive services in China to
significantly increase as the PRC government implements supportive policies and supportive measures
to encourage fertility. In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
State Council issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced
Population Development” (《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), pursuant to which couples
are allowed to have up to three children, and supportive measures are being introduced covering various
aspects to encourage births. Since then, there are more provinces and cities in China introducing
incentive policies to encourage childbirth, such as setting up childcare subsidy. In August 2022, 17
governmental authorities including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further
Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生
育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance
(including maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in
accordance with the procedures, gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology
programs in the coverage of such medical insurance funds. As at the date of this report, a total of 31
provinces/municipalities in China and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps have officially included
ARS treatment in the scope of national medical insurance payment, and geographically the coverage
has been expanded across mainland China. The “Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist
Party of China on Further Deepening Reform Comprehensively to Advance Chinese Modernization” (the
“Resolution”) adopted at the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist
Party of China in July 2024 set forth a strategic plan for improving the systems that support population
development and provide related services. The Resolution has instituted a series of major measures to
provide full life-cycle population services to all in order to effectively bringing down the “Trio Nurture
Costs” (i.e., the costs of childbirth, parenting and education). These measures are intended to raise the
public share of expenses relating to childbirth, parenting and education, improve the standard of public
services for childbirth and pediatric medical services, enhance the capabilities of basic medical and
healthcare services in the childbirth cycle, expand assisted reproductive technology resources, and
improve the healthcare systems for maternal and infant health, productivity and pediatrics.

In 2024, the central government, as well as local governments, intensively issued relevant policies to
promote the development of private hospitals and Sanming healthcare reform (三明醫改). Further in 2025,
the Report of the Work of the Government delivered at the Third Session of the 14th National People’s
Congress of the People’s Republic of China proposed for the first time the establishment of a specialized
fund covering the full cycle of “childbirth, parenting, and education,” focusing on measures such as the
distribution of childcare subsidies and increasing affordable childcare services. This marks a new height in
childbirth support policies.

Coupled with the broader context of the “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改), with the national guiding
principle of integrating public and private healthcare to provide differentiated medical services for the
public, adjustments in the public’s current perception on childbirth and the refinement of government’s
childbirth policies have created structural, long-term development opportunities for private medical
institutions. These institutions, which provide group-based, standardized, and high-quality services for
assisted reproduction and even the full lifecycle, are set to benefit significantly from these changes.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    STRATEGIC DECISIONS
    Executive Directors                                   COMMITTEE
    Dr. John G. Wilcox                                    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. Dong Yang
    Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)             Mr. Fang Min
    Dr. Geng Lihong                                       Dr. John G. Wilcox
                                                          Mr. Li Jianwei
    Non-executive Directors
                                                          MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
      (redesignated on March 28, 2025)
                                                          R&D COMMITTEE
    Mr. Fang Min                                          Mr. Zhong Ying (Chairman)
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                            Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                      Dr. John G. Wilcox
                                                          Mr. Zeng Yong
    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                   JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Li Jianwei                                        Ms. Zhai Yangyang
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                       Ms. Ng Sau Mei
    Mr. Ye Changqing
                                                          AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
                                                          Mr. Dong Yang
    COMMITTEE                                             Ms. Ng Sau Mei
    Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Fang Min
                                                          Vistra (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Hu Zhe
                                                          P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                                          Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
                                                          Grand Cayman
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                KY1-1205
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                        Cayman Islands
    Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Fang Min
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                        Corporate Information



HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL                  AUDITOR
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
No. 301, North Jingsha Road                 Certified Public Accountants
Jinjiang District, Chengdu                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Sichuan, China                              35/F One Pacific Place
                                            88 Queensway
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                 Hong Kong

IN HONG KONG
                                            STOCK CODE
Unit No. 1907B
Level 19, International Commerce Centre,    1951
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
Hong Kong                                   COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                            www.jxr-fertility.com
CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road,
Grand Cayman
KY1-1205
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
Fangda Partners
26/F, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong




                                                   Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   5
    Financial Summary



                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                      2020         2021        2022        2023          2024
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


    Operating results
    Revenue                                       1,426,088    1,838,826    2,364,479    2,788,910    2,811,596
    Gross profit                                    565,781      771,482      874,319    1,175,445    1,099,454
    Profit before taxation                          349,134      457,927      154,324      464,268      391,887
    Net profit                                      260,496      353,697      117,949      346,983      273,467
    Adjusted net profit                             372,278      455,276      274,136      471,451      416,345
    Profitability
    Gross profit margin                              39.7%        42.0%        37.0%        42.1%        39.1%
    Net profit margin                                18.3%        19.2%         5.0%        12.4%         9.7%
    Adjusted net profit margin                       26.1%        24.8%        11.6%        16.9%        14.8%


                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                      2020        2021        2022        2023           2024
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


    Financial position
    Total assets                                  9,163,227   12,825,390   15,232,037   14,896,177   14,981,794
    Total equity                                  7,462,486    8,752,701    8,735,128   10,186,812   10,354,187
    Total liabilities                             1,700,741    4,072,689    6,496,909    4,709,365    4,627,607
    Bank balances and cash                          681,619      862,325    1,316,549      624,280      546,196




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                   Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



Dear Valued Shareholders,

This year marks a meaningful milestone for our journey at Jinxin. It has been nearly a decade since I
first heard the name “Jinxin,” and joined the group. This year also commemorates Ms. Lyu Rong’s 18th
anniversary of being part of Jinxin. Today, for the first time, we are co-authoring a letter to share our
thoughts and commitments with all shareholders.

Some of you have been with us since our IPO in 2019, while many more have begun following our story
more recently. Our trading volume has even surpassed what it was at the time of our Listing. We hereby
aim to take this moment for retrospect and prospect — to revisit what we have endured, and how we are
evolving.

ABOUT JINXIN — A GROUP DEEPLY ROOTED AND PROUDLY
SUPPORTED BY DOCTORS AS SHAREHOLDERS
Founded by a team of pioneering, progressive and transformative medical professionals in 2004, Jinxin
has always been a doctor-owned group. No single individual has held more than 5% equity since our
Listing, reflecting our collective spirit from the beginning. The name “Jinxin” was bestowed by our founder,
the joining of every shareholder is the icing on the cake and we look forward to our prosperous future.

THE RISE AND COMPLEXITY OF M&A (2016–2019)
•    In 2016, our first institutional investor, Yongtai Energy, invested in Jinxin.

•    In 2017, we made our first investment in Shenzhen.

•    That same year, a specialized fund managed by Yongtai Energy invested in HRC, the largest IVF
     chain in California.

•    In 2018, a consortium formed by Warburg Pincus, CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment (an affiliate of
     CITIC), and the management team invested in Jinxin.

•    In 2019, just six months after the consortium took control, Jinxin successfully completed its IPO on the
     Stock Exchange.

Between 2016 and 2019, mergers and acquisitions became a key driver of our inorganic growth, fueled by
the high expectations of the capital market.

However, sorrows also emerged. Questions surfaced: who would consolidate operational power at the
group level? Who would lead tough negotiations with dominant figures at newly acquired entities? How to
enable shareholders to benefit from an industry requiring rigorous operation management?

OUR PLAYBOOK HAS NEVER CHANGED — THE GROUP CANNOT
SUCCEED WITHOUT ORGANIZATIONAL TRANSFORMATION
Under the guidance of the PRC government, Jinxin pioneered the employee stock ownership plan within
China’s medical industry in 2004. Starting as a modest district hospital, the Group consistently attracted,
various talents and fostered motivation, fully stimulating employees’ sense of ownership, ultimately
evolving into the largest private hospital group in western China focusing on women’s health and assisted
reproduction. From 2004 to 2016, organizational innovations, talent recruitment, and the empowerment of
all employees have always served as our core strategies, they are also the most essential foundations and
core culture of Jinxin’s development.


                                                                 Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



    I assumed office in early 2020, just as the pandemic began, serving as Co-CEO alongside our physician
    founder. At that moment, we were confronted with a complex web of competing priorities: shareholders
    departing, lead doctors at major hospitals retiring, high dependency on individual doctors at HRC, and a
    nearly zero-based headquarters. On top of that, there were high expectations for our M&A strategy from
    the market — expectations shaped by the rapid pace of acquisitions between 2016 and 2019. Amid such
    a backdrop, the question we faced was setting priorities, finding our guiding compass and determining our
    operation directives.

    Our answer was clear: establish succession plans in every central, unstable operating entity. We set three
    objectives:

    1.   Select young talents internally and externally.

    2.   Introduce industry-leading medical professionals.

    3.   Maintain stable operational performance.

    Over the past four years, we have built solid teams of managers in their 40s and 50s within each operating
    entity, and management succession within these entities have been executed smoothly. Against the
    backdrop of a steep decline in the number of newborns by almost 50% in recent years, the total number
    of IVF cycles was 27,354, 26,125, 30,240 in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and it remained broadly
    stable at 28,443, in 2024. Despite the dramatic shifts in the macro environment, our business volume has
    demonstrated remarkable resilience.

    With the support of organizational development, as the Co-CEOs, Ms. Lyu Rong and I often ask ourselves:
    compared to 2019, are we more confident now? Our answer is a resounding yes.

    Such organizational development has indeed led to operational achievements that we can be proud of. In
    2024, two of our early-stage hospitals experienced rapid growth, while one maintained steady performance
    despite undergoing eight months of renovations. Our overseas institutions reached new highs in business
    volume. Amid the trend of significant delays in childbearing, our flagship hospitals in Chengdu and
    Shenzhen achieved record-high penetration rates for premium services. What’s especially gratifying is that
    our new technology attained a success rate of over 60% after obtain a licence to operate, a testament to
    innovation and excellence across the board.

    In addition, our strategic investments in Indonesia have significantly elevated our overall brand reputation
    in the Southeast Asian market. Multiple overseas medical groups from Singapore and Malaysia have
    visited Chengdu, showcasing growing international interest. Our self-developed hospital digitization
    system has empowered us while we venture this system overseas for the first time. As of now, within
    a 2–3-hour travel radius deemed acceptable by patients in Asia, our team and hospital network can
    effectively serve over 700 million people across China and Indonesia.

    2024 POLICY SUPPORT BEGINS. ARE WE READY?
    As early as 2019, the Group began discussing the relationship between birth rates and assisted
    reproduction penetration rates. While delays in childbearing have progressed faster than expected, the
    Group’s precise long-term strategic vision gives us greater confidence and patience to anticipate future
    demand expansion amidst short-term delays.




8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



Currently, with landmark events such as the issuance of additional basic licenses and the establishment
of medical insurance funds, the PRC government is actively supporting the development of the assisted
reproduction industry. Through national endorsement, efforts are being made to enhance patient and
market education, thereby driving an increase in penetration rates.

(1) FROM INFERTILITY TREATMENT TO GENETICALLY HEALTHY LIVE
    BIRTH — BUILDING A MOAT THROUGH DEEP EXPERTISE, CUTTING-
    EDGE TECHNOLOGY, AND EXCEPTIONAL PATIENT SERVICE
    From a technological and service perspective, we have leveraged advanced licenses in prenatal
    diagnosis and third-generation IVF to establish a genetic center, reinforcing technical moat
    and expanding efforts in birth defect prevention. Following a comprehensive approach across
    pre-pregnancy, pregnancy, and post-pregnancy phases, we aim to provide a full-service pathway for
    tiered birth defect prevention while advancing into fetal medicine. We develop medical technologies
    and services at various stages of fertility cycle, this represents an upgrade from merely addressing
    infertility to achieving a genetically healthy livebirth.

    Pre-Pregnancy: Through carrier screening for genetic diseases and third-generation IVF techniques,
    we reduce the risk of birth defects at the source. By optimizing embryo biopsy processes with laser
    micromanipulation (achieving expansion failure rates and blastocyst thaw degeneration rates both
    below 0.5%) and using the Illumina NGS platform for rapid testing, we achieved a third-generation IVF
    success rate exceeding 60% in 2024.

    During Pregnancy: Capitalizing on licensing advantages, we have extended into prenatal diagnosis,
    partnering with obstetrics to establish a complete chain of services from embryo to life: “embryo
    implantation — pregnancy monitoring — newborn screening.” This enhances client retention
    rates throughout the fertility cycle to over 70%. By building IVF-focused obstetric services, we
    provide specialized, precise, and holistic management models tailored to the high-risk nature of
    IVF pregnancies, ensuring maternal and neonatal safety and positive outcomes. As of the date of
    this report, over 2,000 prenatal cases have been established under IVF obstetrics, and more than
    500 deliveries have been recorded. For non-IVF pregnancies, early and mid-pregnancy combined
    screening, non-invasive DNA testing, and fetal medicine interventions enable precise pregnancy
    health management.

    Post-Pregnancy: We have extended our services to include genetic testing for newborn hereditary
    diseases and paediatric rehabilitation services.

    Precision healthcare: We have established a center dedicated to repeat failure and complex
    cases, tackling industry challenges and setting technical benchmarks. For complex cases such
    as repeated implantation failure (about 15%) and premature ovarian failure (incidence rate of 1%-
    3%), a multidisciplinary team (MDT) comprising experts in reproductive medicine, gynecological
    endocrinology, andrology, embryology, genetics, and immunology has been formed. This team
    standardizes diagnostic and treatment pathways, with the goal of increasing pregnancy success
    rates for complex cases from the industry average of 30% to over 45%.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



     (2) PROACTIVELY PREPARING FOR FERTILITY PRESERVATION
         SERVICES
          From a global perspective, egg freezing services are poised to become a crucial emerging mega
          trend in the future. As early as 2021, we expanded our presence to Hong Kong, and by 2023, we
          began systematically promoting fertility services in the mid-to-high-end market in Hong Kong.

          In 2024, aligned with the growing demand for early fertility preservation for non-medical reasons
          in the United States, we were among the first to launch market trials targeting younger customers
          for social egg freezing. Against this backdrop, our business cycle volumes in the U.S. reached a
          historical peak. These efforts in technology, patient journey, and service products have prompted
          us to continually reflect on the core needs of fertility preservation, the user experiences, and pricing
          models. We are confident that in the foreseeable future, these efforts will provide effective services to
          support expected surging demand under the policy changes in China, helping to address emerging
          demands and challenges.

     (3) DIGITIZATION AND AI EMPOWERMENT — TIERED DIAGNOSIS AND
         TREATMENT THROUGH REGIONAL CENTERS
          In 2024, the AI revolution sparked by Deepseek inspired widespread innovation among organizations
          in China. Jinxin, as a youthful and forward-thinking group, has never slowed its exploration and
          breakthroughs in this field. By the end of 2021, we spearheaded the establishment of the Jinxin
          Technology Platform, independently developing our own hospital information system and CRM
          system. These digital advancements have empowered multiple services across the group.

          For instance, the “Jinxin Reproductive Cloud Platform” was created to enable junior doctors to
          upload patient ultrasound images and embryo development data in real-time, allowing experts at
          headquarters to provide online guidance. This innovation is projected to reduce the time required to
          address complex issues at rural and satellite institutions by more than 50%.

          Building on this platform, rural and satellite institutions are equipped to handle fundamental
          processes such as screening, ovulation induction, and post-surgery follow-ups, while referring
          complex cases — including PGT (preimplantation genetic testing), repeated failures, and
          advanced-age complications — to regional centers. Additionally, the CRM system enhances
          educational outreach for government fertility initiatives, such as partnerships in the “Fertility Science
          Promotion Project” and self-media platforms for knowledge dissemination and awareness campaigns.

     CAPITAL ALLOCATION — CHANGING GEARS AND REBALANCING
     Jinxin’s M&A-driven DNA was shaped by the transaction boom between 2016 and 2019. However, this
     legacy — combined with ongoing leadership transitions — led to unproductive internal competition for
     capital expenditures. In 2024, we have centralized decision-making in Capex with strong support from the
     Board.

     Our historical capital allocation, especially around HRC, reflected our strategic premium at that era.
     However, COVID froze growth for three years, and geopolitical tensions altered the narrative. That
     said, HRC has proven resilient–achieving historical highs in market share, cycle volume, and number of
     practicing doctors. But it needs more to flourish in its 36 years legacy.




10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                  Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



We also acknowledge that the shareholder structure of Jinxin has significantly changed before and after
COVID, and HRC’s long-term value is still not fully reflected. We are proactively adjusting this structure to
better align with short-term objectives and long-term strategic goals.

For the Greater China market, we must also acknowledge that we were overly optimistic about regional
expansion, particularly after our Wuhan facility surpassed 1,200 cycles within just 8 months during the
COVID period. That early success led us to accelerate our growth strategy. However, this optimism was
soon met with a sharp decline in birth rates, a decline in the real estate market, and growing uncertainty
around future household income — all of which contributed to significantly lower-than-expected facility
utilization.

Amid these turbulent times, we chose to focus on what truly matters to our customers: achieving a
healthy baby. We integrated our one-stop fertility services to offer a more comprehensive, patient centric
experience. By enhancing our product mix, introducing high-tech offerings, and expanding VIP services,
we are now better positioned to serve this core need — creating greater long-term value with higher
customer lifetime engagement across a 12-month+ horizon.

Admittedly, we will need more time to realize the full value of these early investments. However, our
presence in highly populated cities lays a solid foundation for long-term returns for shareholders.

To sum up, we have decided to rebalance and strengthen our capital structure in 2025.

•    We will lead a syndicated loan process to optimize our loan profile, supported by over RMB700 million
     healthy operating cash flow.

•    For the next 24 months, we will defer major hospital investments driven by funds on the books of our
     Company.

•    We will focus more on operations and prepare for the next wave of favorable policies.

•    Globally, we will seek long-term financing in 2025–2026. The proceeds will be used mainly for share
     buybacks and deleveraging.

LEADERSHIP AND THE PATH FORWARD
Starting July 1, 2025, with support from the board, I will return to China and Hong Kong from my one-year
U.S. assignment. This will allow Ms. Lyu and I to lay a stronger foundation for the further transformation we
plan over the next 24 months.

We remain fully committed to enhancing shareholder returns and long-term competitiveness. Our next
shareholder letter with concrete milestones and operational guidance will be issued at the end of the
interim period.

A FINAL NOTE ON VALUATION — A NON-TYPICAL PERSPECTIVE
As new-generation leaders cultivating this fertile ground, we are not looking to be short-sighted trucks–
those that turn the soil in pursuit of short-term moonshot gains. Instead, we deeply value long-term
investors who understand the dynamics we have outlined and are willing to partner with us through
organizational transformation, policy shifts, and macroeconomic turbulence.



                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   11
     Statement of Co-Chief Executive Officers



     Let me provide a reference benchmark from my humble perspective:

     •    A single IVF entity with over 2,000 cycles in a large market typically deserves a 10–12x EV/EBITDA
          multiple. While some private equity bids have reached 15–18x in the past three years, we believe the
          10–12x range is a more appropriate and sustainable baseline in most business circumstances.

     •    For a large-scale group with a strong moat like ours — with over 30,000 cycles and multiple assets in
          various regions — we believe that a reasonable valuation tier should be no less than 15x EV/EBITDA
          multiple.

     As of early April, our valuation is approaching this benchmark if you do not consider the following factors.
     We encourage investors to evaluate the following elements based on their investment horizon and appetite
     for long-term value creation:

     •    Our U.S. asset with more than 4,000 cycles.

     •    Hospitals with losses or low profit margins but long-term potential.

     •    Over 100,000 m² of owned hospital property across Chengdu, Shenzhen, and Kunming.

     •    Meaningful inorganic growth potential.

     •    The unique scarcity of licenses in China.

     •    A dynamic policy environment that continues to evolve in our favor.

     We are deeply grateful for your continued support. Thank you for your belief in our journey. We look
     forward to updating you again by the end of August.

     Sincerely,




     Dong Yang (Sunny) and Lyu Rong
     Co-CEOs, Jinxin Fertility Group Limited

     March 28, 2025




12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                          Management Discussion and Analysis



INDUSTRY TRENDS
According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China experienced two birth rate peaks during
the 1970s and 1990s, each reaching about 25 million newborns. In 2016, these generations entered key
childbearing years, encouraged by the introduction of more welcoming family planning policies (“ One-
child to Two-child Policy” (“單獨二孩政策”) in 2014 and “Universal Two-child Policy” (“全面二孩政策”)
in 2016). As a result, 2016 saw another peak in birth rates in China. However, from 2016 to 2023, birth
rates declined sharply due to both modernization and historical population structure, dropping from
approximately 15 million to 9 million births annually. From 2000 to 2015, annual births stabilized at around
16 million, and this cohort is now entering childbearing age. Therefore, from 2025 to 2040, it is anticipated
that China’s birth rate will stabilize and transition into an era of older parenthood.

While the number of births in China consistently dropped between 2016 and 2023, the number of couples
experiencing infertility continued to rise, according to Frost & Sullivan. During this period, the number of
ARS treatment cycles in China continued to grow against the trend. In addition, China’s ARS penetration
rate1 remained relatively low compared to Europe (approximately 36%) and the U.S. (approximately 33%),
at just approximately 9% in 2023. With the continuous rollout of fertility subsidy policies across various
regions in China and the inclusion of ARS treatment in the national reimbursement program, further
improvements in birth rates and ARS penetration rates are expected.

REGULATORY OVERVIEW
According to the 2024 population data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China on February
28, 2025 (Statistical Communiqué of the People’s Republic of China on the 2024 National Economic
and Social Development): (i) the national population of China was 1,408.3 million at the end of 2024,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.39 million as compared to the end of 2023; (ii) the number of
births in 2024 was 9.54 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 520,000 as compared to 2023,
with a birth rate of 6.77‰; (iii) the number of deaths in 2024 was 10.93 million, with a mortality rate of
7.76‰; and (iv) the natural population growth rate for 2024 was -0.99‰. The prominent issues of China’s
population structure are attributable to declining birth rates and accelerated aging population, and
in facing these challenges, the Chinese government has introduced a series of policies to encourage
childbirth since 2021.

 In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the PRC State Council issued
 the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced Population Development”
(《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), pursuant to which couples are allowed to have up to
 three children. Since then, there are more provinces and cities in China introducing incentive policies to
 encourage childbirth. For instance, Tianmen City in Hubei Province introduced five measures in September
 2023, where families with second and third child can enjoy subsidies of RMB96,300 and RMB165,100,
 respectively; Panzhihua city in Sichuan Province has set up a childcare subsidy for the first time, any
 family registered in Panzhihua city with a second or more child will be entitled to a subsidy of RMB500 per
 month for each child up and until the child reaches the age of 3.




1    Penetration rate refers to the proportion of patients with ARS needs who actually receive treatment. The data comes
     from a Chinese Academy of Sciences academician, Qiao Jie’s public speech at the Ninth Academic Conference on
     Reproductive Medicine


                                                                     Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The “Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Deepening Reform
     Comprehensively to Advance Chinese Modernization” (the “Resolution”) adopted at the Third Plenary
     Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in July 2024 set forth a strategic
     plan for improving the systems that support population development and provide related services. The
     Resolution also emphasizes the promotion of a childbirth-friendly society. From the perspective of refining
     the policy system and incentive mechanism for boosting fertility, the Resolution has instituted a series of
     major measures to provide full life-cycle population services to all in order to effectively bringing down
     the “Trio Nurture Costs” (i.e., the costs of childbirth, parenting and education). These measures include
     introducing a system of childbirth subsidies, integrating various subsidy schemes customarily maintained
     in various cities and provinces and gradually increasing the level of subsidies, making it possible to
     leverage synergies created with the expanded maternity insurance coverage, and thus establishing a
     fundamental childcare support system for families as a foundation. Moreover, these measures are intended
     to raise the public share of expenses relating to childbirth, parenting and education, improve the standard
     of public services for childbirth and pediatric medical services, enhance the capabilities of basic medical
     and healthcare services in the childbirth cycle, expand assisted reproductive technology resources, and
     improve the healthcare systems for maternal and infant health, productivity and pediatrics.

     In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities including the National Health Commission issued the
     “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一
     步完善和落實積極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments to consider the affordability of
     medical insurance (including maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards and other factors
     as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures, gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted
     reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such medical insurance funds. As at the date of this
     report, a total of 31 provinces/municipalities in China and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps have
     officially included ARS treatment in the scope of national medical insurance payment, and geographically
     the coverage has been expanded across mainland China. In addition, Sichuan, Guangdong, Hubei and
     Yunnan provinces, where the Group’s operating subsidiaries are located, have also started to include ARS
     treatment in the scope of national medical insurance payment since the fourth quarter of 2024.

     In October 2024, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Several Measures on Accelerating
     the Improvement of the Fertility Support Policy System to Promote the Construction of a Fertility-Friendly
     Society” (《關於加快完善生育支持政策體系推動建設生育友好型社會的若干措施》) (the “Several Measures”).
     The Several Measures proposed 13 specific measures for building a fertility support system across four
     dimensions: fertility service support, childcare service systems, education, housing and employment, and
     fostering a childbirth-friendly society. It aims to accelerate the improvement of fertility support policies
     and promote the creation of a childbirth-friendly society. On November 27, 2024, the National Health
     Commission convened a meeting to implement the Several Measures, emphasizing the need for all regions
     and departments to plan in a coordinated manner and advance the implementation of various policy
     measures to achieve effective results. On December 11, 2024, the Central Economic Work Conference
     proposed “formulating policies to promote childbirth” as one of the key tasks for 2025.

     In 2025, the Report of the Work of the Government delivered at the Third Session of the 14th National
     People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China proposed for the first time the establishment of a
     specialized fund covering the full cycle of “childbirth, parenting, and education,” focusing on measures
     such as the distribution of childcare subsidies and increasing affordable childcare services. This marks a
     new height in childbirth support policies.




14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



On March 7, 2025, Lei Haichao, the Director of the National Health Commission of China, pointed out
during the open delegation meeting of the Jiangsu delegation at the Third Session of the 14th National
People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China, that “The population issue remains an important
issue requiring in-depth and dynamic study. This year, childcare subsidies will be available, and the
National Health Commission of China is working with relevant departments to draft an operational plan for
these childcare subsidies.”

On March 13, 2025, the Hohhot Municipal Health Commission issued the implementation details and
service procedures for the childcare subsidy project as part of the implementation of the “Opinions on
Promoting Population Aggregation and High-Quality Population Development” (《關於促進人口集聚推動
人口高質量發展的實施意見》). The subsidy standards are set as follows: a one-time childcare subsidy of
RMB10,000 for the first child, RMB50,000 for the second child, and RMB100,000 for the third child and
beyond.

Meanwhile, in 2024, the central government, as well as local governments, intensively issued relevant
policy documents to promote the development of private hospitals, such as:

•   On February 18, 2024, the Shanghai Pudong New Area Health Commission issued the “Guidelines for
    the Establishment of Socially-Run Medical Institutions in Pudong New Area (2024 Edition)” (《浦東新區
    社會辦醫療機構舉辦指引(2024年版)》), supporting and encouraging social entities to establish medical
    institutions featured by quality, scale, reputation, and uniqueness;

•   On June 6, 2024, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Key Tasks for Deepening the
    Reform of the Medical and Healthcare System in 2024” (《深化醫藥衛生體制改革 2024 年重點工作任
    務》), which proposed “further promoting the Sanming healthcare reform experience (深入推廣三明醫
    改經驗)” and “formulating policies to promote and regulate the development of private hospitals”;

•   On July 21, 2024, the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party
    of China adopted the “Decision of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further
    Deepening Reform and Promoting Chinese-style Modernization” (《中共中央關於進一步全面深化改
    革、推進中國式現代化的決定》) which proposed “guiding and regulating the development of private
    hospitals”;

•   On August 30, 2024, the Shaoxing Municipal Health Commission issued the “Implementation Opinions
    on Strengthening the Development of Specialized Hospitals” (《關 於 加 強 專 科 醫 院 發 展 的 實 施 意
    見》) encouraging privately-operated specialized hospitals to pursue chain operations, group-based
    development, and brand-building; and




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    On September 13, 2024, the Sichuan Provincial Health Commission held a symposium to guide
          and regulate the high-quality development of private hospitals. It emphasized the need to “elevate
          positioning and fully recognize the significant role of private hospitals in contributing to social and
          economic development, advancing the high-quality development of the healthcare industry, and
          responding to public health expectations.” It also called for strengthening guidance by enhancing
          Party-building leadership, promoting differentiated development, supporting internal capacity
          construction, improving talent training, increasing policy support, and encouraging private hospitals
          to take on social responsibilities to foster their high-quality development. Subsequently, on December
          19, 2024, the Sichuan Provincial Health Commission issued the “Notice on Guiding and Regulating
          the High-Quality Development of Private Hospitals” (《關於引導規範民營醫院高質量發展的通知》),
          which proposed that “private hospital medical professionals be allowed to apply for professional title
          evaluations under the same conditions as public hospital staff” and encouraged private hospitals
          to transition towards chain operations and high-end positioning. In summary, “standardization,”
          “quality,” and “differentiation” represent the overarching direction of national support for medical
          institutions in private sector.

     Coupled with the broader context of the “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改), with the national guiding
     principle of integrating public and private healthcare to provide differentiated medical services for the
     public, adjustments in the public’s current perception on childbirth and the refinement of government’s
     childbirth policies have created structural, long-term development opportunities for private medical
     institutions. These institutions, which provide group-based, standardized, and high-quality services for
     assisted reproduction and even the full lifecycle, are set to benefit significantly from these changes.
     To stand out in the competitive and dynamic environment, the Group has to consistently innovate,
     upgrade its technology and improve its service quality, which certainly imposes stricter requirements on
     comprehensive capabilities in terms of clinical, management, and research and development.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS UPDATES
Key Operating Information
The following operating data have been provided by the Group’s in-network hospitals and by hospitals and
clinics managed under invest-operate-transfer (“IOT”) agreements or management service agreements
(“MSA”). IOT/MSA institutions refer to hospitals and clinics controlled by the Group through discipline co-
construction and cooperation agreements and management service agreements.

Operating data as at December 31, 2024


                                                                                           Operating Revenue
                                                             Number
                                                               of IVF
                                         Number of         treatment       Self-owned              IOT/MSA
Region                                  Institutions          cycles       institutions         institutions            Total


Chengdu                                            3          13,884              1,258                 424             1,682
Greater Bay Area                                   3           5,769                469                   –               469
Kunming and Wuhan                                  3           4,242                266                   –               266
Overseas                                          14           4,548                153                 636               789


Total                                             23          28,443              2,146               1,060             3,206


Operating data as at December 31, 2023


                                                                                           Operating Revenue
                                                              Number
                                                                of IVF
                                         Number of          treatment       Self-owned             IOT/MSA
Region                                   Institutions          cycles       institutions         institutions           Total


Chengdu                                            3          15,962              1,223                 475             1,698
Greater Bay Area                                   3           6,298                474                   –               474
Kunming and Wuhan                                  3           4,261                273                   –               273
Overseas                                          10           3,847                138                 579               717


Total                                             19          30,368              2,108               1,054             3,162


Note:

(1)     The revenue from IOT/MSA organizations in the operating data is the reported revenue of the hospitals, which has not
        been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated statements. The consolidated revenue of the Group is the management
        fee received from IOT/MSA organizations, which amounted to approximately RMB544.8 million in 2024, compared to
        approximately RMB565.6 million in 2023.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Chengdu operations
     The number of IVF treatment cycles for our Chengdu operations decreased by 13.0% from 15,962 in
     2023 to 13,884 in 2024. The decrease in the number of cycles was mainly attributable to the inclusion of
     certain ARS in the scope of the medical insurance reimbursement program from November 2024, which
     resulted in patients postponing their visits during the year pending ARS be qualified for medical insurance
     reimbursement program and in turn a lower turnover rate of patients during the Reporting Period. Despite
     there was a decline in the number of IVF treatment cycles during the Reporting Period, revenue of our
     Chengdu operations was approximately RMB1,472.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, which
     remained broadly stable as compared to approximately RMB1,470.8 million for the year ended December
     31, 2023. This was primarily attributable to the sustained growth attained in our obstetrics and gynecology
     services and an increase in revenue generated from higher average spending per IVF treatment cycle due
     to a higher VIP penetration rate with demand for premium medical services.

     Since the introduction of third-generation IVF in 2024, we have served over 1,000 patients as at the date
     of this annual report. In 2024, prenatal diagnosis and genetic consultation services were launched to
     safeguard the pregnancies of women who conceived via IVF and to offer additional protection for the birth
     of healthy babies. Leveraging over 70 years of experience in maternal and child healthcare and 20 years
     of expertise in assisted reproductive technology, Jinxin has pioneered the creation of an integrated IVF
     maternity and neonatal care model featured with “Assisted Reproduction | Full-Cycle | Individualization.”
     By combining an all-round expert team with multidisciplinary team (MDT) consultations, the Group
     streamlines inefficiencies with technology and ensures patients reach their fertility goals through the most
     efficient path. VIP services are designed to provide a stress-free experience, covering all dimensions from
     physical to psychological support, and achieving burden-free pregnancy through systematic integration.
     In 2024, the VIP penetration rate of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) was approximately
     20.1%, being a record high thus far.

     In response to the current economic environment and the growing concern on public health, the Chengdu
     campus launched great health management services covering the full lifecycle in 2024. It introduced new
     specialties, such as cervical outpatient clinics, menopause management clinics, pelvic floor clinics, and
     minimally invasive surgeries for men. In addition, new departments were established, including dentistry,
     ENT (ear, nose, and throat), ophthalmology, psychology (sleep clinics and adolescent clinics), health
     management (weight control clinics), and medical dermatology & aesthetics. These initiatives aim to
     expand great healthcare services for the full lifecycle and provide multidimensional health diagnoses and
     treatments.

     Operations in the Greater Bay Area
     The number of IVF treatment cycles for our Greater Bay Area operations decreased by 8.4% from 6,298
     in 2023 to 5,769 in 2024. Revenue decreased by 1.1% from approximately RMB474.1 million for the
     year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB468.8 million for the year ended December 31,
     2024. The decrease in the number of IVF treatment cycles and also the revenue of our Greater Bay Area
     operations were primarily attributable to the inclusion of certain ARS in the scope of the medical insurance
     reimbursement program from October 2024, which resulted in patients postponing their visits during the
     year pending ARS be qualified for medical insurance reimbursement program and in turn a lower turnover
     rate of patients during the Reporting Period. In 2024, the VIP penetration rate was approximately 7.1%.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Our hospitals in Shenzhen is exploring fresh full lifecycle operation models, such as integrated IVF
maternity care and high-end VIP services, while also providing more precise diagnosis and treatment
services for patients with immune diseases. To improve success rates, techniques like the pull-out method
for male azoospermia patients and embryonic protein screening technology in the laboratory have been
introduced. With the completion of the new hospital building of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, these
full lifecycle operation models will be further expanded in 2025, offering new diagnostic and treatment
services to infertility patients in the Greater Bay Area.

Operations in Kunming and Wuhan
The number of IVF treatment cycles for our operations in Kunming and Wuhan decreased by 0.4% from
4,261 in 2023 to 4,242 in 2024. Revenue decreased by 2.9% from approximately RMB273.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB265.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2024, which was mainly due to the restructuring of the departments and operations of Jiuzhou Hospital,
resulting in a decrease in revenue generated by non-ARS, which was substantially offset by the steady
year-on-year increase of 30.6% in revenue of Wuhan Jinxin Hospital.

Wuhan and Kunming continue to focus on their core assisted reproduction businesses while also
expanding into new related fields. Jiuzhou Hospital completed renovation upgrades, enhancing the patient
experience while exploring an integrated IVF maternity care model. Such model has resulted in patients
who successfully conceived through IVF being able to choose to transition to our obstetrics departments
for continued medical services. In addition, our institutions in Yunnan province introduced services such
as integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine treatments, health management, microsurgical
sperm extraction, Platelet-Rich Plasma (“PRP”) projects, and male sperm-related testing. These
offerings provide individualized diagnostic and treatment plans for different patients, achieving business
diversification.

Wuhan Jinxin Hospital has focused on medical quality and safety management while implementing an
integrated IVF maternity care model. In addition, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital has introduced early pregnancy
management clinics, recurrent miscarriage and fetal preservation departments, postpartum recovery
and pelvic floor intimate treatment services, as well as a medical dermatology & aesthetics department,
providing patients with a wider range of diagnostic and treatment services.

Overseas Operations
The number of IVF treatment cycles from overseas operations increased by 18.2% from 3,847 in 2023
to 4,548 in 2024. Revenue increased by 6.0% from approximately RMB570.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB604.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The
revenue derived from our overseas operations, including operations in the United States and Laos, has
generally increased, which was primarily attributable to HRC Medical driving its efforts to promote egg
freezing business and the benefits of the recovery of international business. In particular, compared
to 2023, the number of OPU cycles achieved a year-on-year increase of 16.2% and the success rate
increased to 59.7% for HRC Medical. Further, the commencement of our Laos operations in August 2023
also contributed to ramp-up of revenue derived from our overseas operations.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE
     With fertility rates gradually stabilizing, the era of advanced maternal age arriving, the penetration rate
     of assisted reproduction increasing year by year, the intensive rollout of childbirth-promoting policies in
     China, and the broader “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改) context supporting standardized private
     healthcare, alongside the domestic economy and consumption regaining its momentum, we are embracing
     a rare long-term development opportunity.

     Historically, we have achieved significant milestones, such as acquiring hospitals in China with IVF/ICSI
     licenses (IVF/ICSI accounts for nearly 80% of all assisted reproductive methods), an area with significant
     entry barriers. This has led to a 21% share of private medical licenses for IVF/ICSI in provincial capitals
     and core cities within provinces with populations exceeding 30 million. In the United States, we have
     strengthened our “physician as partner” strategy, as at December 31, 2024 our number of physicians
     has reached 23. Further, we have also recruited physicians and expecting their onboarding within the
     next two years. We are projecting to have 40 physicians for our United States operations by 2027. In
     Southeast Asia, we hold a leading position through our acquisition of Morula, Indonesia’s largest assisted
     reproduction center (with a market share of approximately 40% in a country with a population of 280
     million, being the Southeast Asian country with the largest population), thereby solidifying our leadership in
     the ARS markets of China, the United States, and Southeast Asia.

     Building on this foundation, we continue to optimize our products, technologies, services, and
     management while drawing lessons from historical experiences to establish a replicable development
     system. This enables us to provide patients with premium experiences focused on full lifecycle health
     management centered ARS while driving the sustainable and steady growth of our business and scale.

     Gradually establishing a replicable operational management system driven by business
     growth via specialty construction
     With several years of development after Listing, we have gradually established a replicable operational
     management system driven by business growth via specialty construction, including:

     •    Establishing and institutionalizing quality control standards and regular assessment mechanisms
          across specialties to monitor the medical quality of our hospitals and specialties, including assisted
          reproduction success rates. By leveraging the guidance of leading experts and quality control
          specialists within the Group, this ensures that the success rates at all hospitals consistently remain
          above the industry average;

     •    Establishing hardware and software service standards and methods based on patient satisfaction
          and recommendation rates to create a positive patient experience across all hospitals. This includes,
          without limitation: hardware and visual optimization, standardization of service processes, full-cycle
          service and management by designated case managers for patients, patient satisfaction surveys,
          supervision of quality services across the Group, centralized analysis and resolution of patient
          feedback issues, as well as internal and external exchanges and study regarding quality service;

     •    Gradually refining online and offline means for brand promotion across hospitals to establish a strong
          brand presence and expand market reach. This includes, without limitation: grassroots education
          campaigns, community free clinics, brand events, specialist alliances, developing IP for doctors,
          creating specialty and disease-specific IPs, building new media matrices, and fostering community
          groups; and



20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



•    Elevating discipline development to a strategic priority of the Group, strengthening talent cultivation,
     and continuously enhancing the medical capabilities of hospitals. This includes, without limitation:
     professional promotions, expert guidance, exchange and training programs, academic conferences,
     introduction of new technologies, and research on innovative methods.

Our next step is to digitize the operational management system and establish a digital framework, enabling
us to replicate our operational management experience and methodology more quickly in newly entered
regions while fostering closer connections with patients.

Continuously enhance the introduction and research investment in new technologies
and innovative methodologies, strengthen personalized and precise diagnosis and
treatment for patients, and boost our hospital’s reputation to complex cases in broader
regions as well as its technical brand strength
We introduce new technologies via specialized disease groups, being the smallest unit as entry points.
For instance, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established specialist teams and
specialized disease clinics for ovarian hypofunction, thin endometrium, polycystic ovary syndrome, and
advanced maternal age. By focusing on the diagnosis and treatment of specialized diseases, the team
of specialists have (i) introduced and applied cutting-edge technologies (such as the introduction of
primordial follicle in vitro activation for treating ovarian hypofunction, and the introduction of intrauterine
infusion of PRP for treating thin endometrium, etc., providing precise treatment solutions), (ii) carried out
clinical research such as clinical research on the therapeutic effect of exosomes on premature ovarian
failure for ovarian hypofunction, and clinical research on the repair of intrauterine adhesions by exosomes
for thin endometrium, etc., (iii) conducted analysis and assessment of refined diagnosis and treatment
effect indicators, (iv) convened academic conferences, such as the “3rd Forum on New Advances
in Assisted Reproductive Technology and Interdisciplinary Fields and Symposium on New Advances
in Reproductive Immunity”, the “2024 Reproductive Health Walk”, and the “15th Sichuan Provincial
Symposium on New Advances in Human Assisted Reproductive Technology”, and (v) organized online
and offline patient education sessions, to provide personalized treatment solutions for a wide range of
diagnostic needs.

Through the implementation of clinically integrated research projects (such as “Application of Artificial
Intelligence (AI) Quality Control in Obstetric Ultrasound Examination”, “Indirectly Using Big Data Analysis
to Establish Group Reference Intervals for Blood Lipid Indicators in Pregnant Women in Chengdu,” “Digital
Evaluation of Embryo Implantation Potential”, and “Platelet-Rich Plasma Uterine Infusion Therapy for
Persistent CD138+ Chronic Endometritis”), we aim to address pain points in the diagnosis and treatment
of complex clinical cases, providing new ideas and support for innovative solutions. By hosting academic
exchange conferences, the Group has strengthened its academic brand influence across the industry,
further enhancing recognition and acknowledgment among patients and other market participants.

We continue to enhance our hospital’s reputation and brand awareness among patients by improving the
diagnosis and treatment capabilities of intractable diseases and high-risk serious illnesses, achieving
wider dissemination of information, and attracting patients from a wider geographical area to our
institutions for treatment, thus deepening the ripple effect of existing operations and increasing penetration
rate.




                                                                Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Focus on developing consumer medical care with excellence and prudence
     In 2024, based on the Group’s existing specialties, we aimed to develop and create consumer medical
     care with excellence and prudence to meet the multi-dimensional medical and healthcare needs of our
     patients. To differentiate ourselves from other healthcare consumer medical institutions on the market, we
     are devoted to the provision of services that are based on medical theories with a prudent approach to
     health, offering our patients with preventive, healthcare and medical services for recuperation in addition
     to disease diagnosis and treatment, in order to pursue higher quality and better life building upon patients’
     fundamental health.

     In 2024, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) has established a reproductive restoration and
     anti-aging clinic. In response to the needs of women post-childbirth for pelvic floor and other functional
     repairs, led by the chief gynecologist, the clinic provides treatment for female reproductive dysfunction,
     restoration, rehabilitation, and cosmetic surgery of genital morphology as well as relevant pharmaceutical
     drugs and biological treatments; at the same time, we are introducing non-surgical or pharmaceutical
     methods such as instrument for reproductive care, psychological counseling, and therapeutic lifestyle
     intervention. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) has also established an insomnia clinic for
     women post-childbirth and postpartum and menopausal women, led by the chief anesthesiologist, which
     deploys various regimes such as cognitive behavioral therapy, regulation of autonomic nervous system,
     improvement of microcirculation, and induction of bionic sleep in place of traditional pharmaceutical
     drug treatments, in order to eliminate side effects to patients and bring about a more efficacious solution
     to insomnia. Further, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) has established a functional
     medicine center providing services related to pregnancy preparation, infertility, reproductive sub-health
     issues, ovarian and uterine conditioning and maintenance of reproductive youth. The center addresses
     the aforementioned medical issues by addressing secretion of toxins, metabolism, immunology, nutrition
     and mitochondrial function and others to offer therapeutic lifestyle intervention, nutritional treatment and
     intravenous reproductive nutrition. We are also gradually developing adolescent health management in
     response to psychological problems such as adolescent growth and development, teenage gynecology,
     teenage andrology, body posture, nutrition and lack of attention. In addition, we have also set up out-
     patient clinics for traditional Chinese medicine sub-health conditioning and integrated neonatal care clinic.

     In the future, we will continue to leverage our advantages in ARS, gynecology, andrology, pediatrics,
     obstetrics and other expertise to develop more preventive and enhancing consumer medical services that
     address the unmet needs of patients.

     Ease patients’ financial burden by means of innovative commercial insurance, assisted
     reproduction funds and other means
     As of the date of this annual report, ARS have officially been included within the scope of national medical
     insurance reimbursement program in all 31 provinces and municipalities across mainland China, as
     well as in the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps. The subsidiaries of the Company located in
     Sichuan, Guangdong, Hubei, and Yunnan provinces also included ARS under national medical insurance
     reimbursement program since the fourth quarter of 2024.




22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Beyond national medical insurance reimbursement program, other market players have started to rely on
commercial insurance to alleviate the financial burden on patients, however the effects are not prominent.
One reason is that the insurance institutions are unable to assess risks with sufficient accuracy due to
lack of certainty over their actuarial analysis and lack of control over the success rate of ARS performed
on patients, and thus unable to assess realized returns of such products and create a win-win situation
for medical institutions, insurance institutions and patients. A second reason is that the unit price of ARS
is relatively high, and the vast majority of ARS insurance policies still require the patients to pay most of
the costs before they can enjoy the benefits thereunder. For patients with limited financial resources, the
substantial insurance premium still requires them to secure on initial source of funding. In response to this
problem, we have innovatively joined forces with insurance and banking institutions to integrate insurance
products with consumer loan products. In the meantime, based on our extensive and well-organized user
and clinical data and through actuarial analysis and product design with cooperative partners, we have
launched the ‘Jinbao Plan 2.0’, which allows patients to engage IVF services at no cost and which fully
compensates for unsuccessful IVF. With low barriers to entry and a wide range of eligible people, we
believe “Jinbao Plan 2.0” can truly ease the patients’ financial burden. At the same time, our qualified
hospitals have actively integrated into the direct billing channels of commercial insurance.

In addition, we have also launched the good pregnancy fund to support families with infertility, the
unsuccessful pregnancy assistance fund, drug fee waivers, patient subsidies, other types of insurance
products and other forms of subsidies to effectively lower the threshold of patient treatment and reduce the
financial pressure of medical treatment for patients.

Expand our business network through all self-establishment or acquisitions
As a leading ARS and full lifecycle fertility services provider in China and the United States, we will
continue to seek opportunities to expand our business network and adopt different expansion strategies to
fit with the market environment in different countries or regions.

In China, we intend to enter markets with high growth potential through acquisitions, such as provincial
capital cities and cities with radiation effect. Aside from market potential, when conducting mergers
and acquisitions in China, we will also take into account various important factors such as economic
environment, competitive landscape, IVF penetration rate, target valuation and post-investment integration
or consolidation to determine our mergers and acquisitions strategy, enabling a swift integration of
resources and assisting the new hospitals to rapidly improve in respect of medical quality, operation
management, market share and others. In addition to maintaining continuous engagement with potential
acquisition targets, we are also actively exploring innovative incubation models for acquisition targets.
We established a strategic partnership with Warburg Pincus by becoming one of the limited partners
of its fund in November 2023, which is expected to increase the breadth and depth of the Company’s
exploration of acquisition opportunities by leveraging on the fund’s advantages. We believe the strategic
partnership complements the Company’s strategic layout and supports the Group’s mergers and
acquisition investment strategies.

In the United States, HRC Medical has sought to expand its business by way of recruiting physicians and
constructing clinics by itself. In 2024, HRC Medical has seen significant results in physician recruitment,
with five new physicians joining HRC Medical this year. We have also entered into contracts with an
additional 12 doctors, who are expected to join us within the next two years. Furthermore, expansion of the
clinic of HRC Medical is well underway. In July 2024, HRC Medical’s satellite centre in Beverly Hills has
officially begun operations. In December 2024, a new business development hub was established in San
Francisco. In 2025, we will continue to expand the service coverage in these two regions.


                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     In July 2024, Jinxin Life Asia Healthcare Investment Group Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
     Company, completed the acquisition and subscription of a 30% equity interest in PT Morula Indonesia
     (“Morula”), and upon completion, the Group became Morula’s largest strategic investor. Morula was
     established in 1997 and is one of the largest groups of fertility clinics in Indonesia, currently operating
     ten IVF clinics across Indonesia. Morula is a member of PT Bundamedik Tbk (“Bundamedik”), a group
     established in 1973 and successfully listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange in 2021. Bundamedik
     is currently one of the largest private women and children specialty healthcare groups in Indonesia.
     The Company will leverage its successful experience in clinical quality, physician training, IT systems,
     operational management and other areas to empower and enhance Morula’s growth in these areas.

     Talent recruitment and nurturing plan
     We are committed to recruiting and retaining the best and most experienced medical professionals in the
     fields of assisted reproduction and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics and continuously improving our
     internal training system to provide a sufficient reserve of medical and management talents for our global
     business expansion.

     In China, we have established a multi-tiered expert and talent system: (i) we have consistently built leading
     expert systems in various regions, via the appointment of Dr. Liang Xiaoyan as chief scientist in Shenzhen,
     and Dr. Li Yuan, Dr. Geng Lihong, and Dr. Ma Yanping as the leading experts for our operations in various
     areas of China, and (ii) we actively foster growth of young experts by planning career development
     pathways for doctors and providing support in research, clinical practice, education, professionalism, and
     exchanges. Every year, we select core members in various disciplines and reserve talents, establishing a
     talent pipeline comprising dozens of young professionals with solid experiences.

     In the context of the “Sanming Healthcare Reform” (三明醫改), we will welcome excellent doctors from
     public hospitals to collaborate with us through various means, such as joining our network, practicing at
     multiple locations, or participating in consultations. We are also committed to actively cooperating with
     public hospitals to promote mutual growth and complementary development. On the other hand, we will
     invest in more efforts to recruit and train recent medical graduates, ensuring sustained growth momentum
     for our healthcare services across regions and operational models.

     We will continue to implement the “physician as partner” mechanism to grant equity ownership to
     outstanding physicians as partners of the Company, sharing the fruits from the development of the
     Company. Our 2022 Share Award Scheme, which was adopted on February 17, 2022 and amended on
     June 25, 2024, aims to (i) provide our employees with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in
     the Company; (ii) encourage our employees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and
     its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company
     with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
     benefits to our employees. Summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are set out in
     the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024.

     In the United States, HRC Management continued to enhance its attractiveness to excellent doctors and
     has the ability not only to retain outstanding doctors but also to continuously recruit new doctors to join the
     corporation and help new doctors to grow rapidly by continuously improving its internal training system.
     In addition, HRC Management collaborated with the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern
     California to jointly train IVF specialists, with at least three doctors receiving IVF specialty training each
     year, thereby providing a reserve of doctors for HRC Medical.




24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
We have dedicated ourselves to enhancing our ESG initiatives in numerous aspects and provide regular
updates to our stakeholders in our ESG reports. On the one hand, we believe, through our efforts in
ESG, we will continue to create value for the society and gain recognition from the society and patients.
In 2024, we insisted on the strategic position of constructing new disciplines of assisted reproduction,
actively promoting the new disciplines in each hospital and carrying out scientific research and innovation.
We have combined our own physician training model and business experience to develop professional
courses for internal staff and industry talents, empower the growth of industry medical and nursing staff,
and steadily improve medical quality and medical standards. Meanwhile, we insist on being patient-
oriented, promoting digital transformation of our hospitals, strengthening the medical quality management
of our hospitals, providing patients with quality medical services throughout the lifecycle of their fertility
treatment, establishing a perfect patient communication mechanism and taking multiple measures to
continuously ensure patient safety.

On the other hand, we will continue to aid the Company in realizing a healthy and sustainable development
in the future. We actively promote the accessibility of healthcare, enabling more families to benefit from
the achievements of modern medicine through free and charitable clinics, charity medicine donations and
training to primary care institutions. Meanwhile, we insist on green operations, promote energy saving
and consumption reduction initiatives in all hospitals, actively address climate change and help create an
environment-friendly community.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
Revenue of the Group increased by RMB22.7 million, or 0.8% from approximately RMB2,788.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB2,811.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2024. Despite there was a decline in the total number of IVF treatment cycles by approximately
6.3% in 2024 as compared to 2023, the effect of such decline was offset by (i) greater demand for
obstetrics services reflected in an approximate 5.5% year-on-year increase in the number of deliveries,
(ii) higher average spending per IVF treatment cycle due to a year-on-year increase of VIP penetration
rate by approximately 2.0% and 2.8% respectively in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus)
and Shenzhen, and (iii) a year-on-year increase in the number of IVF treatment cycles of our overseas
operations by approximately 18.2%. Hence, the revenue of the Group remained broadly stable in 2024.

The increase of RMB22.7 million in the Group’s revenue resulted from increases of (i) RMB50.0 million in
revenue from obstetrics, and (ii) RMB6.6 million in revenue from sales of consumables and equipment,
the effects of which were partially offset by decreases of (i) RMB20.8 million in revenue from management
services, (ii) RMB3.6 million in revenue from ARS, and (iii) RMB9.5 million in revenue from other medical
services (including gynecology and pediatrics services).

Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue of the Group, which consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and
consumables, staff costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and other costs, increased by
6.1% from approximately RMB1,613.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately
RMB1,712.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The rate of increase of the cost of revenue
exceeds the rate of increase of revenue, primarily due to an increase in weighting of revenue generated
from obstetrics and sales of consumables and equipment with higher unit costs and an increase in labor
costs.


                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit of the Group decreased by 6.5% from approximately RMB1,175.4 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB1,099.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The
     Group’s gross profit margin decreased from 42.1% for the year ended December 31, 2023 to 39.1% for
     the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease in gross profit margin was in line with an increase of
     revenue generated by obstetrics and sales of consumables and equipment services, which has a lower
     gross profit margin, and a decrease in revenue generated from ARS, which has a higher gross profit
     margin.

     Other Income
     Other income of the Group decreased by 54.5% from approximately RMB77.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB35.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
     due to a decrease in government grants and interest income from time deposits and banks.

     Other Gains and Losses
     Other gains and losses primarily represent gains and losses on fair value change of financial assets/
     investment at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), on disposal of assets/investments, and on net
     exchange. The Group recorded other gains and losses, net, of approximately RMB27.6 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2024, primarily resulting from foreign exchange loss derived from the fluctuations in
     the exchange rate of USD against RMB and HKD and one-off loss derived from the Kangseed Investment.

     Research and Development Expenses
     Research and development expenses of the Group increased by 13.8% from approximately RMB21.7
     million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB24.7 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2024.

     Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs and material costs of the Group’s
     research and development team at Yongsheng Hengfu Research Centre and Jinxin Medical Innovation
     Research Center.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of marketing and promotional expenses and staff cost
     of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by 8.7% from
     approximately RMB191.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB175.2 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to optimization of marketing initiatives.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, including amortization of ESOP costs, depreciation
     and amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property related expenses and others.
     Administrative expenses of the Group decreased by 4.9% from approximately RMB481.4 million for the
     year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB458.0 million for the year ended December 31,
     2024, primarily due to a further reduction in administrative expenses across the Group as a result of
     enhanced operational efficiency.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Finance Costs
Finance costs of the Group decreased by 27.9% from approximately RMB79.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB57.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
due to new loans at lower interest rates during the Reporting Period in replacement of part of the Group’s
existing loans.

Income Tax Expenses
Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax and Hong Kong Profits
Tax. Income tax expenses of the Group increased by 0.9% from approximately RMB117.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB118.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2024.

The effective tax rate of the Group increased from 25.3% for the year ended December 31, 2023 to 30.2%
for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to a one-off provision of deferred tax assets of
approximately RMB10.4 million for our Wuhan operations in 2023.

Net Profits
The Group’s net profit decreased by 21.2% from approximately RMB347.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB273.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
due to (i) a decrease of approximately RMB20.2 million in one-off government grants, (ii) an exchange
loss, net, of approximately RMB24.0 million during the Reporting Period and (iii) an increase in labor costs
mainly resulted from expansion of our operations in the United States.

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-IFRS
measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company believes
that the non-IFRS adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in
understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same manner
as they helped the Company’s management, and that the Company’s management and investors may
benefit from referring to these non-IFRS adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s core
operating performance during this interim period by eliminating impacts of items that the Group does not
consider indicative of the Group’s core operating performance. However, the presentation of these non-
IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial
information prepared and presented in accordance with the IFRS. You should not view the non-IFRS
adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted net profit decreased by 11.7% from approximately RMB471.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB416.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2024.

The Group’s non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA decreased by 9.5% from approximately RMB781.2 for the year
ended December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB707.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


     Profit for the year                                                                           273,467               346,983
     Add:
     Amortization of ESOP costs(1)                                                                  47,285                 53,430

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization
       of medical practice license and non-compete agreement
       arising from acquisitions and deferred taxes equipment
       arising from acquisitions(2)                                                                 64,368                 49,356
     Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                                     –                    (22)
     One-off loss made by HRC Medical for the settlement of
       an atypical proceeding commenced in 2019(4)                                                       –                 21,704
     One-off loss made by Kangseed Investment(5)                                                     7,052                      –
     Exchange (loss) gain, net(6)                                                                   24,173                      –

     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit                                                                  416,345               471,451

     Non-IFRS EBITDA                                                                               628,792               706,117
     Add:
     Amortization of ESOP costs(1)                                                                  47,285                 53,430
     Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                                     –                    (22)
     One-off loss made by HRC Medical for the settlement of
       an atypical proceeding commenced in 2019(4)                                                       –                 21,704
     One-off loss made by Kangseed Investment(5)                                                     7,052                      –
     Exchange (loss) gain, net(6)                                                                   24,173                      –

     Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                      707,302               781,229

     Notes:

     (1)   Amortization of ESOP costs: ESOP costs are regarded as non-cash items.

     (2)   Depreciation property, plant and equipment, amortization of medical practice license and non-compete agreement
           arising from acquisitions and deferred taxes: by eliminating the effect of these items from the profit attributable to the
           owners of the Company, it serves the purpose of demonstrating the endogenous growth of the Company.

     (3)   Imputed interest income from related parties: this imputed interest is arisen from advanced payments by the Company
           on behalf of its related parties, which is merely a result of accounting treatment and therefore is regarded as non-
           operating item.

     (4)   One-off loss made by HRC Fertility for the settlement of an atypical proceeding: this loss was caused by closing an
           atypical claim which commenced in 2019.

     (5)   One-off loss from the Kangseed Investment.

     (6)   Exchange (loss) gain, net: the exchange loss, net, was caused by the fluctuations between the foreign exchange rates at
           the time of repayment of loan in an amount of US$1.87 million and the foreign exchange rate at the time of the beginning
           of the Reporting Period.




28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share
The basic and diluted earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted
to RMB0.11 and RMB0.10, respectively, as compared with RMB0.13 and RMB0.12, respectively, as that for
the year ended December 31, 2023. Please refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in this
announcement. Adjusted basic earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024
amounted to RMB0.16, as compared with RMB0.18 as that for the year ended December 31, 2023.

Inventories
Inventories of the Group decreased by 18.4% from approximately RMB62.4 million as at December
31, 2023 to approximately RMB50.9 million as at December 31, 2024, primarily due to a decrease
of approximately RMB9.0 million of pharmaceutical products as a result of a more efficient inventory
management.

Accounts and Other Receivables
Accounts and other receivables of the Group increased by 90.3% from approximately RMB169.4 million as
at December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB322.3 million as at December 31, 2024, which was primarily
due to the reclassification of receivables that are not related party transactions in 2024.

Accounts and Other Payables
Accounts and other payables of the Group decreased by 8.4% from approximately RMB805.1 million as
at December 31, 2023 to approximately RMB737.8 million as at December 31, 2024, primarily due to the
decrease in payables associated with the new hospital building of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital,
including upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new medical
institutions and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total proceeds
of approximately HK$2,808.1 million from the Global Offering, after deducting the underwriting fees,
commissions and related Listing expenses. In February 2021, the Group received total net proceeds of
approximately HK$1,253.5 million from the Placing (as defined hereinafter). The Group also obtained
additional funding from syndicated loan facilities of up to US$300 million in 2021 and a drawdown in full
of such bank facilities in March 2022. On January 5, 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing Shares
were placed by the Company to not less than six placees at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing
Share, and the Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,162.31 million (equivalent to
approximately RMB999.0 million). The placees, together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners,
are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company or its connected persons. None
of the placees had placing was completed on January 16, 2023. The share capital of the Company only
comprises ordinary shares. As at December 31, 2024, the authorized share capital of the Company was
US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000 Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 31.0% debt and
69.0% equity as at December 31, 2024, compared with 31.6% debt and 68.4% equity as at December 31,
2023. The cash and cash equivalents were mainly denominated in RMB and USD. All bank borrowings
are denominated in RMB and USD. As at December 31, 2024, the Group had unutilized bank facilities of
approximately RMB563.5 million and after December 31, 2024, the Group has obtained additional banking
facilities of approximately RMB1,189.1 million. Therefore, the Directors are of the view that the Group has
sufficient resources to meet its future business operations and expansion.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Cash Flows
     The following table sets forth selected cash flow data of the Group’s consolidated statements of cash flows
     for the years indicated and analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents for the years indicated:

                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                    629,201            684,484
     Net cash used in investing activities                                          (293,271)          (375,037)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                          (458,291)          (950,449)
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                              691,331          1,329,948
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                           1,851              2,385
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                    570,821            691,331


     Capital Commitments
     The principal capital expenditures of the Group relate primarily to purchases of property, plant and
     equipment. The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s capital expenditures for the years
     indicated:

                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


     Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment
       contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
       statements                                                                    139,904             97,908
     Commitment to WP Partnership                                                    120,000            120,000


                                                                                     259,904            217,908


     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, there were no significant investments held by the
     Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

     Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
     As at the date of this report, we have no specific future plans for material investments and capital assets.




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Indebtedness
Lease liabilities
The Group recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in respect of all leases,
except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets. As at December 31, 2024, the Group, as
a lessee, had outstanding lease liabilities for the remaining terms of relevant lease agreements in an
aggregate amount of RMB334.9 million. The lease liabilities represent payment for right of using underlying
assets.

Borrowings
As at December 31, 2024, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,270.1 million (December 31, 2023:
RMB2,127.5 million).

Pledge of Assets
As at December 31, 2024, the Group’s Jinyun building was pledged as security for an equivalent amount
of bank loans. Saved as disclosed, the Group did not pledge any other assets.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.


Contractual Obligations
As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material
effect on its financial position or results of operations.

Interest-bearing Debt Ratio
Interest-bearing debt ratio is calculated using the total amount of interest-bearing debt at the end of the
year divided by total assets as at the end of the year and multiplied by 100%. As at December 31, 2024,
the Group’s interest-bearing debt ratio was 15.1% (December 31, 2023: 14.3%). The increase was mainly
due to an increase in cash deployed for the renovation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital’s new hospital
building and Jiuzhou Hospital and the acquisition of Morula.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     RISK MANAGEMENT
     Currency Risk
     The business of the Group operates in the mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with
     its transactions settled in Renminbi, HK dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Renminbi is not a freely
     convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international
     economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted any
     hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which serves
     as a natural hedge. As a result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any significant direct
     foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to such
     risk.

     Interest Rate Risk
     The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its cash flow
     interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The Directors
     consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The
     Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the fixed rate time deposit to be limited because
     the tenor of such instruments are short, which is within one year.

     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring
     forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As at December 31, 2024, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,198
     employees, of whom 2,844 were located in China and 354 were located overseas. The staff costs,
     including Directors’ emoluments, were approximately RMB916.6 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024, as compared to approximately RMB890.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%.

     The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its 2022 Share Award Scheme, which was
     adopted on February 17, 2022 and amended on June 25, 2024. Summary of the principal terms of the
     2022 Share Award Scheme are set out in the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024. The Company
     also had the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, since the Company has no intention to
     make further grants under the Share Option Scheme and the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, both such schemes
     were terminated as of June 30, 2024, and no further award would be granted under such schemes, whilst
     the awards previously granted thereunder shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with
     the provisions thereof.




32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024 (for
the year ended December 31, 2023: HK$5.95 cents per Share).

OTHER INFORMATION
AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The AGM will be held on June 26, 2025. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be published and
dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

For determining the qualification as members of the Company to attend and vote at the AGM, the register
of members of the Company will be closed from June 23, 2025 to June 26, 2025, both dates inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote
at the AGM, non-registered holders of Shares shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by
the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on June 20, 2025.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material
events after the Reporting Period.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   33
     Directors and Senior Management



     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Dr. John G. Wilcox, M.D., FACOG, aged 62, has been an executive Director of the Company since
     December 25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for the management of clinical operations and business
     development in North America. Dr. Wilcox has been working as a physician at HRC Medical since July
     1996. From 2002 to 2008, he served successively as a member of the voluntary faculty member of Keck
     School of Medicine at USC, an assistant clinical professor at the department of obstetrics and gynecology
     of University of Southern California School of Medicine, and a member of the medical staff of Healthcare
     Network at USC.

     Dr. Wilcox graduated with a bachelor’s degree in bioengineering from University of California, San Diego
     in the United States in December 1986 and a doctoral degree in medicine from University of Southern
     California, Los Angeles in the United States in May 1990. He was licensed to practice medicine and
     surgery by the Medical Board of California in 1991 and has been board certified by American Board of
     Obstetrics and Gynecology in obstetrics and gynecology since November 12, 1999. Dr. Wilcox’s research
     interests include substantial aspects of reproductive health.

     Dr. Wilcox has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Mr. Dong Yang (董陽), aged 38, is the Chief Executive Officer and has been an executive Director of
     the Company since June 29, 2020. He was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on
     May 3, 2018. He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer on June 29, 2020 and re-designated to
     the Chief Executive Officer on March 28, 2021. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on
     financial management and business development to our Group. Since October 2017, he has been the
     chief financial officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司). Since December
     2018, he has been the director of Jinxin Hospital Management Group Limited. Since September 2018, he
     has been the chief financial officer of Jinxin Investment Limited and Jinxin Hospital Management Group
     Limited. Prior to joining our group, between July 2017 and November 2017, he was a director of the asset
     management department at Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited (東興證券(香
     港)金融控股有限公司). Before that, from October 2009 to June 2017, Mr. Dong successively served as
     a manager of audit assurance, a manager of capital market transaction and a manager of accounting
     management and advisory at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mainland China and Hong Kong.

     Mr. Dong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international economic and trade from Sichuan University
     (四川大學) in the PRC in June 2009. He has been a member of the Chongqing Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (重慶註冊會計師協會) since March 2014.

     Mr. Dong has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉), aged 44, has been an executive Director and the Co-chief Executive Officer of the
Company since December 3, 2021. She has more than 10 years of experience working in the medical
industry. She has been serving as the chairman of the board of directors and the general manager of
Sichuan Jinxn Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus) since October 2018 and previously its president from
May 2015 to May 2021 and was the chief executive officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. from
March 2017 to November 2021. Further, she has been the director of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment
Management Group Co., Ltd. (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since May 2015 and its general
manager since June 2021. Currently, she is also the director of Chengdu Jinxin Health Management Co.,
Ltd.* (成都錦欣健康管理有限公司) and Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司).

In addition to her work experiences, Ms. Lyu has held a number of positions at various public offices and
medical associations. Ms. Lyu has served as a sub-committee for private medical institutions of the expert
committee on management capacity building for modern hospitals at the National Health Commission
Capacity Building and Continuing Education Center (國家衛健委能力建設和繼續教育中心) since October
2021, an expert committee on medical quality management and evaluation for private medical institutions
at the Chinese Hospital Association since June 2021 and a member of the hospital review and evaluation
committee at the Chinese Hospital Association (中國醫院協會) since November 2020. Furthermore, she
also participated as a member of the Chengdu Jinjiang District Committee of the CPPCC (政協成都市錦江
區委員會) for two consecutive terms since 2016.

Ms. Lyu obtained a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business administration from the Open
University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University (香港都會大學)) in
August 2018. Ms. Lyu further obtained a doctoral degree in business administration from The University of
Information Technology and Management in Rzeszow in Poland in March 2022.

Ms. Lyu has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅), aged 56, has been an executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has also
been the chief medical quality control officer of the Company since February 21, 2020. She is mainly
responsible for guiding the implementation of clinical work and medical quality control. Prior to joining
the Group, from July 2018 to January 2020, she served as the clinical director of the IVF Center of the
First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University (重慶醫科大學附屬第一醫院生殖醫學中心). From
December 2009 to March 2018, she worked at the IVF Center of Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
(成都西囡婦科醫院生殖醫學中心) and was responsible for clinical practice and management work. From
May 1994 to August 2006, Dr. Geng worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the
Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (新疆醫科大學第二附屬醫院) and was responsible
for clinical practice, scientific research and teaching. From December 1991 to April 1994, Dr. Geng
worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Barkol People’s Hospital, Barkol, Xinjiang,
Uygur Autonomous Region (新疆維吾爾自治區巴里坤縣人民醫院).

Dr. Geng obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xinjiang Medical School (新疆醫學院) (the
predecessor of Xinjiang Medical University) in the PRC in July 1991 and a doctoral degree in medicine
with a major in reproductive endocrinology and assisted reproductive technology from West China School
of Medicine, Sichuan University (四川大學華西臨床醫學院) in the PRC in July 2009.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Directors and Senior Management



     Dr. Geng has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive Medicine and
     Reproductive Ethics Subcommittee of the China Healthy Birth Science Association (中國優生科學協會生殖
     醫學與生殖倫理學分會) since February 2019. Since October 2019, she has served as the vice chairman of
     the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of the Chongqing Medical Association (重慶市醫學會生
     殖醫學專業委員會). Since July 2018, she has served as a member of the first session of the Reproductive
     Immunology Sub-committee of the Chongqing Society of Immunology (重慶市免疫學會生殖免疫分會).
     Since September 2017, she has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive
     Endocrinology Professional Committee of the China Medicine Education Association (中國醫藥教育協會
     生殖內分泌專業). Since July 2016, she has served as a member of the second session of the standing
     committee of the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of Sichuan Provincial Medical Association
     (四川省醫學會生殖醫學專業委員會). Dr. Geng was one of the main breeders of the first successful IVF
     in Tibet Autonomous Region and she was awarded “Excellent Expert with Outstanding Contributions” in
     Sichuan Province in 2018.

     Dr. Geng has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇), aged 53, is the Chairman of the Board and was an executive Director until his
     redesignation as a non-executive Director on March 28, 2025. He has joined the Group in June 2017 and
     was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer in September 2018. He was appointed as an executive
     Director and the Vice Chairman of the Board in June 2020, and has been appointed as the Chairman of the
     Board since March 2021. Before his redesignation, he was mainly responsible for the overall management
     of the Company’s daily operations and implementing mergers and acquisitions strategies. Mr. Zhong is
     currently responsible to oversee the overall strategies and development planning of the Group.

     Mr. Zhong has over 20 years of experience in investment. Since April 2020, Mr. Zhong has been the
     chairman of the board of Sichuan Jincheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (四川錦城實業發展公司).
     From October 2016 to January 2019, Mr. Zhong was the general manager of Willsun AM and from October
     2016 to December 2018, he was the chairman of Tibet Taisheng Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (西藏泰升創
     業投資管理有限公司). From October 2015 to September 2016, he was employed as the deputy general
     manager of Hainan Haide Industry Co., Ltd. (海南海德實業股份有限公司) (SZSE stock code: 000567), and
     from April 2013 to October 2015, he was the leader of the trust team of Sichuan Development Holding Co.,
     Ltd. Furthermore, from March 2009 to April 2013, he served as the chairman of Sichuan Shuxiang Venture
     Capital Co., Ltd. (四川蜀祥創業投資有限公司).

     From May 2004 to October 2005, he served as a member of preparatory team at Sichuan International
     Trust Investment Co., Ltd. (四川省國際信託投資公司). Previously, he was employed as a deputy general
     manager, then later served as the general manager of Chengdu Guoxin New Industry Investment Co., Ltd.
     (成都國信新產業投資公司) from May 1998 to May 2004. Earlier, Mr. Zhong worked as a manager of the
     investment banking department at Sichuan International Trust Investment Co., Ltd. between October 1996
     and May 1998.

     Mr. Zhong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Southwestern University of Finance and
     Economics in the PRC in 1993 and a master’s degree in law from Sichuan University in the PRC in 2005.
     Mr. Zhong has been a member of the Sichuan Institute of Certified Public Accountants since August 2012
     and was licensed by the Ministry of Justice of PRC to practice law in the PRC in February 2005.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Zhong has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in
Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

Mr. Fang Min (方敏), aged 45, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December
25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on financial management and business
development to our Group. He has been a managing director at Warburg Pincus Asia LLC since July
2016 and is primarily responsible for investment and management consulting. Prior to joining Warburg
Pincus Investment Consulting Company Limited (Shanghai Branch) in July 2011 as investment manager,
he worked at Boston Consulting (Shanghai) Company Ltd. as a consultant between September 2001 and
November 2006.

From January 2020 to October 2021, Mr. Fang served as a non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare
Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx stock code: 6078). From March 2015 to August 2016, Mr. Fang was a director
of China Biologic Products Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: CBPO).

Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics with a major in international finance from Fudan
University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2001 and a master’s degree in business administration from
Stanford University in the United States in June 2007.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Fang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
of this annual report.

Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆), aged 51, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December 25,
2018. She is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategies and governance to our
Group.

Ms. Hu has over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, including commercial banking,
equity investments, corporate finance and fund management. She has served in China Investment and
Finance Limited (subsequently renamed CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited) since November 2004
and has been its deputy general manager since August 2011. From August 1996 to November 2004, she
served in various positions in the credit department and corporate business department of China CITIC
Bank (中信銀行股份有限公司) (HKEx stock code: 0998) with her last positions being client manager and
deputy director.

Ms. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from China Institute of Finance and Banking
(中國金融學院) (subsequently merged with the University of International Business and Economics (對外
經濟貿易大學)) in the PRC in July 1996 and a master’s degree in economics from Central University of
Finance and Economics (中央財經大學) in the PRC in September 2003.

Ms. Hu has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   37
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴), aged 55, has been a non-executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has
     also been a senior vice president of the Company since September 12, 2018. Her main responsibilities
     include the overall management of the Group and overseeing operations and internal audit matters. She
     joined the Group in March 2010 and served as an executive Director from May 3, 2018 to June 29, 2020.
     From March 2010 to October 2015, she served as the finance director of Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital and
     continued to be the finance director of Chengdu Xinan Clinic until October 2018. Between November 2006
     and January 2010, Ms. Yan acted as the head of finance at Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health
     Hospital and from February 2000 to January 2006, she was employed as an accountant. Prior to joining our
     Group, from January 1992 to January 2000, she worked at Luzhou Baoguang Pharmaceutical Company (瀘
     州寶光醫藥公司).

     Ms. Yan obtained a college graduation certificate in law by way of distance learning from the
     correspondence college of Sichuan Province Party School of the Communist Party of China (中共四
     川省委黨校) in the PRC in June 2001 and a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business
     administration from Open University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University
     (香港都會大學)) in November 2015.

     Ms. Yan has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強), aged 60, has been an independent non-executive Director of the
     Company since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
     judgment to the Board.

     Dr. Chong has over 24 years of experience in the medical industry. From April 2015 to June 2020, he was
     an independent non-executive director of Wenzhou Kangning Hospital Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 2120).
     From February 2012 to February 2015, Dr. Chong served as the deputy secretary-general of the Chinese
     Hospital Association (中國醫院協會). From January 2004 to January 2012 and since February 2015, he
     was the president of Guangzhou Ailibi Management Consulting Co., Ltd (廣州艾力比管理顧問有限公司), a
     company engaged in the provision of hospital consultation services. From November 1994 to May 2000, he
     held various positions at a number of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd (阿斯利康製藥有限公司) and Beijing Novartis Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (北京諾華製藥有限公司),
     where he was primarily responsible for the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical drugs.

     Dr. Chong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in medical science from Zhongshan Medical University
     (中山醫科大學), subsequently merged into Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in Guangzhou in July 1986.
     He also obtained a master’s degree in business administration degree from Northwestern University and
     Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in May 2004. He also graduated with a doctoral degree
     in management from ISCTE — University Institute of Lisbon in November 2013.

     Except as disclosed above, Dr. Chong has not held directorship in any other public companies the
     securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
     of this annual report.




38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉), aged 51, has been an independent non-executive Director since August 31, 2021.
He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

Mr. Li is a juris doctor and has been a professor of commercial law at China University of Political Science
and Law and a supervisor for doctoral students since 2013. He also serves as the director of department
of law and commerce at the business school, as well as the secretary general of the Commercial Law
Research Society of China Law Society. His main research areas include, among others, civil and
commercial law, corporate law, securities law, corporate governance, etc.

From 2013 to 2015, Mr. Li served as a visiting professor at the Law School of The Aoyama Gakuin
University in Japan. Before that, between 2008 to 2009, he was a senior visiting scholar at the Law
School of University of The New South Wales in Australia and from 2002 to 2004, he was a post-doctoral
researcher at the Business School of the Renmin University of China. Furthermore, his past positions
also include the executive director and secretary general of the Commercial Law Research Society of
China Law Society, executive director of China Association of Business Law, member of the 1st, 2nd and
3rd Hong Kong and Macau Law Committee of Zhuhai Hengqin New Area, member of Expert Advisory
Committee of courts such as Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court, and arbitrator of arbitration
committees in Beijing, Fuzhou, Changsha, Guangzhou, Zibo, Beihai, Ordos and Zhuhai.

Mr. Li has been in charge of more than 10 national and provincial level projects, including chief specialist
of significant projects under the National Social Science Fund of China, youth research project under
the National Social Science Fund of China, the Humanities and Social Science Fund of the Ministry of
Education, rule of law theory projects of the Ministry of Justice and social science projects under Beijing
Social Science Fund. He was also in charge of the youth research innovation team project of Commercial
Law in China University of Political Science and Law for six years from 2012 to 2018. Furthermore, Mr. Li
has published more than 160 academic papers such as China Legal Science, Journal of Law and Xinhua
Digest.

Mr. Li. has received several awards for research excellence such as the second prize in Dong Biwu Youth
Law Achievement Award and the third prize in the 4th China Law Outstanding Achievement Award. As
a legal expert, he has successively participated in expert argumentation of a number of legislative and
judicial interpretation documents, including, among others, General Principles of Civil Law, Civil Code —
Contracts, Company Law, Electronic Commerce Law and Company Law Interpretation (3), (4). He also
received the Outstanding Teacher Award of 2011 and Excellent Teacher Award of 2007, 2009, 2010 and
2016, awarded by the China University of Political Science and Law.

Mr. Li obtained the independent director qualification from the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2015, and is
currently an independent director of Hanwang Technology Co., Ltd. (漢王科技股份有限公司) since April
2018, whose shares have been listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002362), Linksus
Digiwork Marketing Communication Co., Ltd. (靈思雲途營銷顧問股份有限公司) since May 2017, whose
shares have been listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 838290), and
China Quanjude (Group) Co., Ltd. (中國全聚德(集團)股份有限公司) since December 2018, whose shares
are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002186). He also serves as the chairman of the
board of Beijing Fangyuan Zhonghe Culture Communication Co., Ltd. (北京方圓眾合教育科技有限公司). In
addition, Mr. Li is also an independent non-executive director of China Shangshui Cement Group Limited
(中國山水水泥集團有限公司) since May 2018, whose shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 0691).




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Directors and Senior Management



     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of
     which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual
     report.

     Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波), aged 49, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
     Board.

     Mr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in the legal service industry with a focus on corporate law.
     In April 2000, Mr. Wang joined Duan & Duan Law Firm (段和段律師事務所) and is currently acting as
     the executive chairman, chief executive officer and partner. He has been an independent non-executive
     director of Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co., Ltd. (上 海 隧 道 工 程 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SSE stock code:
     600820) since December 2018 and Juneyao Airlines Co., Ltd. (上海吉祥航空股份有限公司) (SSE stock
     code: 603885) since July 2017. He has been an independent director of Hengyi Biomedical Technology
     (Shanghai) Co Ltd (恒翼生物醫藥(上海)股份有限公司) since November 2021.

     Mr. Wang received a bachelor’s degree in literature from Shanghai International Studies University (上海
     外國語大學) in the PRC in January 1997 and another bachelor’s degree in law from Shanghai University
     (上海大學) in the PRC in July 1999. Mr. Wang also graduated from the University of Oxford with a master’s
     degree in law in the United Kingdom in October 2005. Mr. Wang received his PRC lawyer’s practicing
     license issued by the Shanghai Bureau of Justice (上海市司法局) in January 2001.

     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Wang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
     securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
     of this annual report.

     Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青), aged 54, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
     Board.

     Mr. Ye has over 25 years of experience in professional accounting, financial advisory and investment
     services. Mr. Ye was an independent director of NWTN Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: NWTN) from November
     2022 to December 2024, and an independent director of VNET Group Limited (NASDAQ stock code:
     VNET) from August 2022 to October 2024. He has also been an independent non-executive director of
     Hygeia Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx stock code: 6078) since September 2019, an independent
     non-executive director of Ascentage Pharma Group International (HKEx stock code: 6855) since June
     2019, Luzhou Bank Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 1983) between December 2018 and September 2022,
     Niu Technologies (NASDAQ stock code: NIU) since October 2018, and Baozun Inc. (NASDAQ stock
     code: BZUN and HKEx stock code: 9991) since May 2016. From February 2011 to December 2015, Mr.
     Ye worked at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. (中信產業投資基金管理有限公司), and
     his last positions there were managing director, chief financial officer and member of the investment
     committee. Prior to that, between April 1993 and January 2011, Mr. Ye worked at the China office of
     PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP (Special General Partnership) (普華永道中天會計師事務所(特殊
     普通合夥)), with his last positions being service line leader of advisory services and leader of transaction
     services of Shanghai office.




40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Ye graduated with a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Huazhong University of Science and
Technology (華中理工大學, now renamed as 華中科技大學) in the PRC in July 1992 and a master’s degree
in business administration from University of Warwick in the United Kingdom in November 1999. Mr. Ye is
currently a member of the Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Ye has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities
of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
annual report.

Senior Management
Mr. Dong Yang, is an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. See “-Executive
Directors” for details of his biography.

Ms. Lyu Rong, is an executive Director and co-chief executive officer of the Company. See “-Executive
Directors” for details of her biography.

Dr. Li Yuan (李媛), aged 53, has been the chief medical officer of the Group since August 2021 and is
primarily responsible for improving the quality of medical services, strengthening the scientific research
and innovation, training medical professionals and employees and improving the customer-centric culture
in the hospitals of the Group. Dr. Li has been working in the field of reproductive medicine since 1994.
From 1999 to 2011, Dr. Li successively served as the laboratory director and assistant to the dean in the
Affiliated Reproductive Medicine Hospital of Shandong University* (山東大學附屬生殖醫院) and established
its standardized quality control system. Prior to that, from September 2011 to August 2021, she was
employed as a director at the reproductive center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital* (北京朝陽醫院). During
her tenure, she significantly contributed to and as the founder of reproductive center, led the reproductive
center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital to become one of the top clinical centers in Beijing in terms of clinical
operations, greatly recognized by the patients.

Dr. Li has made a series of academic achievements in the field of reproductive medicine. She owns more
than 10 patents in relation to reproductive medicine and has published more than 130 academic articles.
As a project director, she had also undertaken eight Chinese national and provincial projects, including
the 973 Program* (國家973計劃課題) in 2011 and the project of the Natural National Science Foundation
of China* (國家自然科學基金) in 2008 and 2014 respectively. Further, Dr. Li received second prize in
the National Science and Technology Progress Award* (國家科技進步獎), first prize in the Ministry of
Education* (教育部) and the first and second prize in the Provincial Science and Technology Progress
Award* (省科技進步獎), respectively. Moreover, she was the chief editor of the guiding textbook Human
Assisted Reproductive Laboratory Technology* (人類輔助生殖實驗技術) published in 2008.

Dr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree from the School of Medicine of the Shandong Medical University (山東
大學醫學院) in June 1994 and a master’s degree and a doctorate degree from the School of Medicine of
the Shandong Medical University in June 1999.

Dr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   41
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Duan Hongmei (段紅梅), aged 44, has been the chief operating officer of the domestic market of the
     Company and the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group
     Limited* (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since March 2022 and December 2018, respectively. Ms.
     Duan has nearly 20 years of experience in the hospital industry. From April 2017 to November 2018, she
     served as the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Healthcare Hospital Management Co. Ltd.* (成
     都錦欣康養醫院管理有限公司). From October 2016 to March 2017, she served as the director of Chengdu
     Jinxin JiuJiuLeLing Healthcare Center (成都錦欣九九樂齡康養中心). From August 2015 to October 2016,
     she served as the deputy director of Chengdu Jinxin Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦欣婦
     產科醫院). From September 2004 to July 2015, she was the director of Longzhou Road/Lianxin/Yanshikou
     Community Healthcare Center (成都錦江區龍舟路╱蓮新路╱鹽市口社區衛生服務中心) in Jinjiang District,
     Chengdu and the person in charge of Jinxin Love Angel Education Center (錦欣愛天使教育中心). From
     September 2003 to August 2004, she served as an inpatient gynaecology nurse at Chengdu Jinjiang
     District Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦江區婦產科醫院) and also as a nursing department
     administrator.

     Ms. Duan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Southwest University of Finance and
     Economics (西南財經大學) in November 2018.

     Ms. Duan did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of Directors



The Board is pleased to present its annual report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the Reporting Period.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group principally engaged in providing IVF services in both China and the United States. Analysis of
the principal activities of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out in note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance
(Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an
indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its
stakeholders who have a significant impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends,
is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These
discussions form part of this annual report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the
end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual
report.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements” under
“Continuing Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of certain
principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group.

•    The assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network conduct business in a strictly regulated
     industry. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may adversely affect the business
     and results of operations of the medical facilities in our network and, therefore, the Group.

•    Any adverse change in the regulatory regime relating to the PRC healthcare industry may limit the
     ability to provide ARS by the medical facilities in our network and may have a material adverse effect
     on the business, results of operations and financial conditions of the assisted reproductive medical
     facilities in our network, and therefore, the Group.

•    If the assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network are unable to attract and retain a
     sufficient number of qualified physicians, administrators and other medical personnel, the business,
     results of operations and financial results of such medical facilities and the Group could be materially
     and adversely affected.

•    We derived and expect to derive a majority of our revenue from Sichuan and Guangdong in the PRC
     and California in the United States, and may be particularly sensitive to adverse developments with
     respect to local conditions and changes in these regions, such as with respect to their economy, laws
     and regulations, and any force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious diseases
     in these region.

•    Any failure to obtain or maintain any license may subject the assisted reproductive medical facilities
     in our network to penalties and may affect the business of the assisted reproductive medical facilities
     in our network, and therefore, the Group.



                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Report of Directors



     Since the above is not an exhaustive list, investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
     own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

     For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
     protecting the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.

     For more details, please refer to the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company
     which will be published and made available at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the
     websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
     relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
     During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
     regulations by the Group.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 107 and 108 of this annual report.

     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommended payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024 (for
     the year ended December 31, 2023: HK$5.95 cents per Share).

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five ﬁnancial years are set out on page
     6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the
     underwriting fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million and the
     unutilized net proceeds were kept at the bank accounts of the Group as at December 31, 2024.




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                   Report of Directors



The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have
been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets
out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                                                                  Expected
                                                                                                               Net proceeds                       timeline for
                                                                                                   Actual           brought      Unutilized net    utilizing the
                                                                              Percentage      usage up to        forward for    proceeds as at    remaining
                                                                 Planned      of total net   December 31,     the Reporting      December 31,     unutilized net
Use of proceeds                                              applications        proceed             2024             Period              2024    proceeds(2)
                                                             (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


To expand and upgrade existing assisted reproductive              702.0(1)         25.0%             702.0                 –                 –    By December 2022
     medical facilities in the Group’s network in China
     and recruit medical professionals, including
     physicians and embryologists, in order to increase
     capacity, expand its service offering and market
     share(1)
For the potential acquisition of additional assisted                561.6          20.0%             561.6                 –                 –    By December 2021
     reproductive medical facilities in provinces in China
     we are currently not operating in(3)
For investment in research and development to enhance               280.8          10.0%             233.2             167.4              47.5    By December 2026
     overall performance and maintain the Group’s
     position at the forefront of assisted reproductive
     technology
For the potential acquisitions of ARS service providers             561.6          20.0%             561.6                 –                 –    By December 2021
     and businesses along the ARS service chain(4)
To improve brand awareness and general ARS                          421.2          15.0%             421.2              72.6                 –    By December 2025
     awareness in both China and the United States
For the Group’s working capital and general corporate               280.9          10.0%             280.9                 –                 –    By June 2022
     purposes(5)


Total                                                             2,808.1           100%           2,760.6             240.0              47.5


Notes:

(1)      The Group intends to use (i) 20.0% or HK$561.6 million to (a) expand and upgrade the medical facilities, (b) acquire
         additional medical equipment and (c) acquire and/or construct patient care facilities, and (ii) 5.0%, or HK$140.4 million
         to recruit and expand medical professional teams and relevant supporting staff, including introducing professional staff
         specializing in prenatal services.

(2)      The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
         made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.

(3)      Including the acquisition of equity interests of a hospital in Wuhan with assisted reproductive medical facilities and
         subsequent capital expenditure in connection with improving the hospital.

(4)      Including (i) formation of joint venture with the shareholders of Mengmei Life Pty. Ltd. and Jinxin Hospital Management
         Group Limited in relation to, among others, the promotion, customers acquisition and channels management related
         to IVF and (ii) acquisition of obstetrics, gynecology and pediatric business through Jinxin Medical Management (BVI)
         Group Limited.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       45
     Report of Directors



     (5)      Namely (i) consultation fees, including but not limited to fees for legal compliance, audit, investor relations/public
              relations, human resources, and operations; (ii) rental and office expense; and (iii) remuneration packages of the existing
              management team.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING
     On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
     International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 80,000,000
     shares with an aggregate nominal value of US$800.00 (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal)
     on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six independent investors (the “Placing”). The Placing price
     was HK$15.85 per share (the closing price of the Company as quoted on the Stock Exchange on February
     2, 2021 was HK$16.95 per Share). The placees are professional, institutional, or other investors, and
     together with their ultimate beneficial owners, are third parties independent of the Company and any of its
     connected persons. The Placing would allow the Company to expedite its acquisition and growth strategy
     in order to take advantage of new business opportunities to further bolster its national network and expand
     its international presence.

     The closing of the Placing took place on February 9, 2021. The net proceeds from the Placing were
     approximately HK$1,253.5 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes
     set out in the announcements of the Company dated February 2, 2021 and February 9, 2021 respectively.
     The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December
     31, 2024:


                                                                                                                                                     Expected
                                                                                                                  Net proceeds                       timeline for
                                                                                                      Actual           brought      Unutilized net   utilizing the
                                                                                 Percentage      usage up to        forward for    proceeds as at    remaining
                                                                     Planned     of total net   December 31,     the Reporting      December 31,     unutilized net
                                                                 applications       proceed             2024             Period              2024    proceeds(1)
                                                                 (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


     To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities of        1,002.8         80.0%           1,002.8                 –                 –    By December 2021
          ARS-licensed providers located in regions in the
          PRC with relatively high demand for ARS, such as in
          East China, the Beijing Tianjin-Hebei region, and
          other highly potential regions
     To fund potential merger and acquisition opportunities of          188.0         15.0%             188.0             188.0                 –    By June 2025
          ARS-licensed providers located outside the PRC,
          such as Southeast Asia and other Asia pacific
          countries
     For general corporate and working capital purposes                  62.7          5.0%              62.7                 –                 –    By June 2022


     Total                                                            1,253.5          100%           1,253.5             188.0                 –


     Note:

     (1)      The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
              conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
              conditions.



46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                             Report of Directors



USE OF PROCEEDS FROM TOP-UP PLACING
On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with JINXIN Fertility
Investment Group Limited as vendor (the “Vendor”) and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as placing agent
(the “Top-Up Placing Agent”), pursuant to which (i) the Vendor agreed to sell, and the Top-Up Placing
Agent agreed to procure purchaser to purchase, on a fully underwritten basis, 175,000,000 Shares with
an aggregate nominal value of US$1,750.00 at a price of HK$6.725 per Share (the closing price of the
Company as quoted on the Stock Exchange on January 5, 2023 was HK$7.09 per Share); and (ii) the
Vendor agreed to subscribe as principal for, and the Company agreed to issue, 175,000,000 new Shares,
being equivalent to the number of placing Shares thereunder at the same price (the “Top-Up Placing”).
The placees are professional, institutional and/or individual investors and together with their ultimate
beneficial owners, are third parties independent of the Company and any of its connected persons. The
Top-Up Placing would broaden the Company’s Shareholder based and Capital base, strengthen the
financial position of the Group and provide working capital to the Group.

The closing of the placing and subscription under the Top-Up Placing took place on January 9, 2023
and January 16, 2023, respectively. The net proceeds from the Top-Up Placing were approximately
HK$1,162.31 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the
announcements of the Company dated January 5, 2023 and January 16, 2023, respectively. The table
below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                                                            Expected
                                                                                                         Net proceeds                       timeline for
                                                                                             Actual           brought      Unutilized net   utilizing the
                                                                        Percentage      usage up to        forward for    proceeds as at    remaining
                                                            Planned     of total net   December 31,     the Reporting      December 31,     unutilized net
                                                        applications       proceed             2024             Period              2024    proceeds(1)
                                                        (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


To redeem and repay the relevant part of the                  987.96         85.0%            987.96                 –                 –    By June 2023
     outstanding convertible bonds issued by the
     Company on November 26, 2021 in the principal
     amount of HK$1,814,706,000
For the Group’s working capital and general corporate         174.35         15.0%            174.35             86.15                 –    By December 2024
     purposes


Total                                                       1,162.31          100%          1,162.31             86.15                 –


Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
        conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
        conditions.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       47
     Report of Directors



     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS
     Major Customers
     For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s sales to its ﬁve largest customers accounted for
     23.8% (2023: 24.1%) of the Group’s total revenue and our single largest customer accounted for 16.8%
     (2023: 15.9%) of the Group’s total revenue.

     Major Suppliers
     For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s ﬁve largest suppliers accounted for 36.1% (2023:
     37.4%) of the Group’s total purchases and our single largest supplier accounted for 17.0% (2023: 19.5%)
     of the Group’s total purchases.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders
     (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the
     Company) had any interest in the Group’s ﬁve largest customers and suppliers.

     Relationship with Stakeholders
     The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, patients,
     customers, suppliers and other business associates are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives
     to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, educating, collaborating, and cultivating strong
     relationships with them. The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees.
     To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of the Group’s workforce, the Group provides the
     employees with periodic training, including introductory training for new employees, technical training,
     professional and management training and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains
     a good relationship with its employees and the Group did not experience any significant labor disputes
     or any difficulty in recruiting staff for its operations. The Group conducts academic marketing activities to
     establish and maintain relationships with key opinion leaders in the national medical system. The Group
     provides these experts with detailed information on its products and helps them make independent
     comparison among competing products in the market. The Group also maintains long-term cooperative
     relationships with medical experts to help raise the Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s
     products in the medical community and among patients, provide it with valuable clinical data to improve
     the Group’s products, and collect feedback from the real world clinical practices and support on the
     patients group and comply with physicians to manage the side effects. For details of an account of the
     Company’s key relationships with its main stakeholders, please see the 2023 Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report of the Company.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year
     ended December 31, 2024 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year December 31, 2024 are set out
     in note 38 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of Directors



RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended December 31,
2024 are set out on pages 111 to 113 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 47 to
the consolidated financial statements.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, amounted to approximately
RMB8,357.4 million (as of December 31, 2023: RMB8,593.4 million).

TAXATION
Tax position of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set forth in note 11 to the
consolidated financial statements.

TAX RELIEF
The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Company and the Group as of December 31, 2024 are set out in note
37 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Dr. John G. Wilcox
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Geng Lihong

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (redesignated on March 28, 2025)
Mr. Fang Min
Ms. Hu Zhe
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung
Mr. Li Jianwei
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Ye Changqing




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   49
     Report of Directors



     In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being
     (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire
     from office by rotation, and shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM.

     In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a
     casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of members after his/her appointment and
     be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the
     existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

     Accordingly, Mr. Dong Yang, Dr. John G. Wilcox, Ms. Lyu Rong and Mr. Fang Min shall retire by rotation as
     Directors at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

     Details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM will be set out in the circular to the Shareholders to be
     despatched in due course.

     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 34 to
     42 of this annual report.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to
     be independent during the Reporting Period.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
     date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
     case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company.

     Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
     appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years with effect from their respective date of
     appointment. Under their respective appointment letters, each of the independent non-executive Directors
     is entitled to a fixed Director’s fee while the non-executive Directors are not entitled to any remuneration as
     Directors.

     The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
     Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM, has entered into any
     service contract with any member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the
     employer within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).




50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Report of Directors



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions and One-Off Connected
Transactions” below, none of the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or
any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
No contract of significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the
Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group.

The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

No Director has waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year ended December 31,
2024.

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period
are set out in note 12 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 41 to the
consolidated financial statements.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   51
     Report of Directors



     CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in Directors’ information after the publication of
     the 2024 interim report are set out below:

     •    Mr. Zhong Yong has been redesignated as a non-executive Director on March 28, 2025. Mr.
          Zhong will continue to act as the Chairman of the Board as well as the Chairman of the Nomination
          Committee and Strategic Decisions Committee of the Board, and contribute his valuable skills and
          experience to the overall corporate strategies and development planning of the Group. For details,
          please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 28, 2025.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no change to information which is required to be
     disclosed and has been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 13.51(2)
     of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

     RISK MANAGEMENT
     Currency Risk
     The business of the Group mainly operates in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with
     its transactions settled in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar, respectively. Renminbi is not a
     freely convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international
     economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted
     any hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which
     serves as a natural hedging purpose. As a result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any
     significant direct foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our
     exposure to such risk.

     Interest Rate Risk
     The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and bank
     borrowing. Its cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank
     balances and bank borrowing. The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant
     and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the
     fixed rate time deposit to be limited because the tenor of such instruments are short, which is within one
     year.

     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring
     forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                     Report of Directors



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of
the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which had been notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

Interest in Shares and Underlying Shares
                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                        percentage of   Long position/
                                    Capacity/               Number of Shares/            shareholding   Short position/
Name of Directors                   nature of interest      underlying Shares       in the Company(1)   Lending pool


Mr. Zhong Yong(2)                   Beneficial owner                 13,123,611                0.48%    Long position
Mr. Dong Yang(3)                    Beneficial owner                 12,097,318                0.44%    Long position
Ms. Lyu Rong(4)                     Beneficial owner                 11,977,318                0.43%    Long position
Dr. John G. Wilcox(5)               Beneficial owner                 10,000,000                0.36%    Long position
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                    Beneficial owner                  3,016,000                0.11%    Long position
Dr. Geng Lihong(5)                  Beneficial owner                    600,000                0.02%    Long position

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,757,706,043 Shares (including treasury Shares) in issue as at
      December 31, 2024.

(2)   Includes (i) 6,500,000 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Zhong Yong and (ii) Mr. Zhong Yong’s entitlement to Restricted
      Shares equivalent to 6,623,611 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
      conditions.

(3)   Includes (i) 6,678,500 Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Dong Yang and (ii) Mr. Dong Yang’s entitlement to Restricted
      Shares equivalent to 5,419,318 Shares granted to him under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
      conditions.

(4)   Includes (i) 6,558,000 Shares beneficially owned by Ms. Lyu Rong and (ii) Ms. Lyu Rong’s entitlement to Restricted
      Shares equivalent to 5,419,318 Shares granted to her under the 2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting
      conditions.

(5)   Includes Dr. John G. Wilcox’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 10,000,000 Shares granted to him under the
      2022 Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.

(6)   Includes Dr. Geng Lihong’s entitlement to Restricted Shares equivalent to 600,000 Shares granted to her under the 2022
      Share Award Scheme, subject to vesting conditions.




                                                                        Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Report of Directors



     (i)   Interest in the Company’s associated corporations
                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                 Capacity/                     Name of associated                shareholding
           Name of Director                      nature of interest            corporation                            interest


           Ms. Lyu Rong                          Beneficial owner              Jinyi Hongkang                             51%(1)
           Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                      Beneficial owner              Jinrun Fude                                51%(2)

           Notes:

           (1)   Ms. Lyu Rong, one of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi
                 Hongkang. Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the 2022 Contractual Arrangements.

           (2)   Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude.
                 Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                 Arrangements.


     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the
     Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or
     debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that
     was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
     XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
     such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
     to the Model Code.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
     means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none
     of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe
     for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such
     right.




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                       Report of Directors



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at December 31, 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a
Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
SFO:

                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of    Long position/
                                      Capacity/               Number of Shares/            shareholding    Short position/
Name of Shareholders                  nature of interest      underlying Shares       in the Company(1)    Lending pool


Jinxin Fertility BVI(2)               Beneficial owner               319,471,061                 11.58%    Long position
HRC Investment                        Beneficial owner               288,580,005                 10.46%    Long position

Notes:

(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 2,757,706,043 Shares (including treasury Shares) in issue as at
       December 31, 2024.

(2)    Jinxin Fertility BVI is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the individual Shareholders are
       interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon Listing and remain as one of our substantial
       Shareholders upon Listing and as at December 31, 2024.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who
were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares
or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
therein.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    55
     Report of Directors



     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Share Option Scheme was approved and conditionally adopted by the Shareholders by way of written
     resolutions on June 3, 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during the Reporting
     Period. As at December 31, 2024, no option was granted, and thus no option had been exercised,
     cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme and no more option will be granted under the
     Share Option Scheme following its termination. The Board has not specified any performance target that
     must be achieved before options can be exercised. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
     the Share Option Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the Share Option Scheme
     nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the Share Option Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options as defined in the
          Share Option Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the
          Group.

     (2) Participants
          Eligible participants under the Share Option Schemes (the “Eligible Person”) include any persons
          belonging to any of the following classes of participants: (a) any of our employees or employees of
          our subsidiaries or any entity (the “Managed Entity”) in which our Group holds any equity interest,
          including any executive director of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity; (b) any of
          non-executive director or independent non-executive director of our Company, its subsidiaries or
          Managed Entity; and (c) any senior management of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be issued
          The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
          Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company must not in aggregate
          exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the total issued
          shares as at the Listing Date, and representing approximately 8.67% of the Shares in issue (excluding
          treasury Shares) as at the date of this report. Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of
          the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Option Scheme
          Mandate Limit. The total number of options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was
          238,081,580 as at January 1, 2024. Given no option has been granted and no more option will be
          granted under the Share Option Scheme upon its termination, it is not applicable for the Company to
          set out the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the Share
          Option Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the
          relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each participant
          The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
          granted under the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised or outstanding options) to each
          Eligible Person in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue (excluding
          treasury Shares) for the time being (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of options in excess of
          the Individual Limit in any 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant must
          be subject to the issue of a circular to the Shareholders and the Shareholders’ approval in general
          meeting of our Company with such Eligible Person and his associates abstaining from voting.




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Report of Directors



(5) Grant of options and acceptance of offers
    Options may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
    the grant as indicated in the offer letter. The options under the Share Option Scheme were granted to
    the grantees as HK$1.00.

    An option may be accepted by an Eligible Person within 28 days from the date of the offer of grant of
    the option.

(6) Period within which options may be exercised
    An option may be exercised, in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, one year
    after the date on which the option is granted and shall expire on the earlier of the last day of (i) a ten-
    year period from the date of such grant for each corresponding grantee as set out in their respective
    offer letters; and (ii) the expiration of the Share Option Scheme.

(7) Vesting Period
    Options granted generally vest over a period ranging from 2 to 5 years. The vesting schedule of the
    options will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee on
    the respective anniversary dates of the grant.

(8) Basis of determination of Subscription Price
    The subscription price (the “Subscription Price”) for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be
    a price determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of
    Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations on the date of grant of that option, which
    must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
    daily quotations for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of that option; and
    (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

(9) Life of the Share Option Scheme
    The Share Option Scheme would remain in force for a period of ten years commencing from the
    Adoption Date. Since the Company has no intention to make further grants under the Share Option
    Scheme, as at December 31, 2024, the Share Option Scheme was terminated and no further award
    would be granted under such scheme. In addition, no option was granted, and thus no option had
    been exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Report of Directors



     PRE-IPO RSU SCHEME
     The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the “Pre-IPO
     RSU Adoption Date”), which has been terminated during the Reporting Period. Following its termination,
     no more RSU will be granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme. The following is a summary of the principal
     terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the Pre-IPO RSU
     Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          The purposes of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the Pre-IPO
          RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the
          Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the
          Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company
          with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or
          providing benefits to the Selected Participants.

     (2) Selected Participants of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are any employee, director, officer,
          consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any member
          of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have
          contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant to the
          Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed in 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately 1.66% of
          the Company’s issued share capital as of the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”),
          and representing approximately 1.20% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the
          date of this report. As at the date of this report, no further RSUs are available for grant.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall not exceed any
          limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any
          further grant of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the
          Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from
          voting.

     (5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting schedule
          of the RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each corresponding Selected
          Participant upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on the respective anniversary dates
          of the vesting commencement date.

     (6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
          RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
          the grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          were granted to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the
          Selected Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                   Report of Directors



(7) Life of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
   The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme commences on the Pre-IPO RSU Adoption Date and would remain valid
   and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such
   date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. Since the Company has no intention to
   make further grants under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, as at December 31, 2024, the Pre-IPO RSU
   Scheme was terminated and no further RSUs would be granted under such scheme, whilst the RSUs
   previously granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall continue to be in full force and effect in
   accordance with the provisions thereof.

   The total number of RSUs available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as at January 1, 2024
   was 1,764,360 Shares. During the Reporting Period, 1,764,360 RSUs were granted under the Pre-IPO
   RSU Scheme. No further RSUs would be available for grant as at December 31, 2024.

   The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during the
   Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                                                                                                                     closing price
                                                                  Closing price                                                                                     of the Shares
                                                                     of Shares                           Number                                                       immediately
                                                                   immediately        Number of         of award                                         Number         before the
                                                                     before the        unvested           Shares                                     of unvested         dates on
   Name of                                                       date on which            award          granted     Number of                             award        which the Fair value of
   Participant or                                                    the award      Shares held        during the award Shares   Number of           Shares held    award Shares award Shares
   Category of                                                     Shares were     at January 1,       Reporting    lapsed and award Shares         at December       were vested at the date of
   Participant           Date of Grant      Vesting Period(1)    granted (HK$)             2024            Period     cancelled      vested              31, 2024           (HK$)   grant (HK$)


   Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
                                                                                                     N/A

   Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                N/A

   Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding
   treasury Shares)
   Dr. John Matthew
        Norian            February 15, 2019 1–5 years                     5.25      1,568,680                —              —        1,568,680                —              5.59             5.25

   Other employee participants
                        January 6, 2020     1–3 years                     10.82          200,001               —             —          200,001               —              6.39           11.01
                        January 10, 2021    6 months–3 years              15.18        1,151,849               —             —          277,381          874,468             7.08           15.18
                        June 1, 2021        8 months–3 years              21.25          312,500               —             —          187,500          125,000             5.50           21.25
                        January 1, 2022     1 month–2 years                8.71           33,334               —             —           33,334               —              5.71            8.71
                        March 1, 2022       10 months–3 years              8.89           66,667               —             —           33,333           33,334             4.72            8.94
                        April 19, 2024      1–4 Years                      2.31               —         1,764,360            —               —         1,764,360               —             2.27




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024              Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                   59
     Report of Directors



                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                      average
                                                                                                                                                                 closing price
                                                                      Closing price                                                                             of the Shares
                                                                         of Shares                        Number                                                  immediately
                                                                       immediately       Number of       of award                                    Number         before the
                                                                         before the       unvested         Shares                                of unvested         dates on
          Name of                                                    date on which           award        granted     Number of                        award        which the Fair value of
          Participant or                                                 the award     Shares held      during the award Shares   Number of      Shares held    award Shares award Shares
          Category of                                                  Shares were    at January 1,     Reporting    lapsed and award Shares    at December       were vested at the date of
          Participant          Date of Grant     Vesting Period(1)   granted (HK$)            2024          Period     cancelled      vested         31, 2024           (HK$)   grant (HK$)


          Other related entity participants
                                January 6, 2020 1–3 years                    10.82         238,700             —            —         238,700             —             8.50           11.01
                                January 10, 2021 6 months–3 years            15.18         418,050             —            —         139,350        278,700            4.76           15.18
                                January 31, 2022 1 month–5 years              7.76       2,687,460             —            —       1,074,984      1,612,476            2.44            7.76

          Other service providers
                                                                                                      N/A

          Total                                                                          6,677,241      1,764,360           —       3,753,263      4,688,338


          Notes:

          (1)      The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are
                   linked with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the
                   achievement of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as
                   the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected
                   Participant.

          (2)      The purchase price for the award Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Selected Participants upon vesting
                   is nil.

          (3)      The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during
                   the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the
                   Reporting Period was 0.07%.


     2022 SHARE AWARD SCHEME
     The 2022 Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022 (the “2022
     Scheme Adoption Date”), which has been amended on June 25, 2024 (the “2022 Scheme Amendment
     Date”) to bring its terms in alignment with the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The following is
     a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Share Award Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it
     intended to be, the 2022 Share Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
     rules of the 2022 Share Award Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
          The purposes of the 2022 Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the
          2022 Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire
          proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected Participants to work towards
          enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders
          as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing,
          reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the Award Selected Participants.




60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited               Annual Report 2024
                                                                         Report of Directors



(2) Selected Participants of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    Persons eligible to receive Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme comprise
    Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers (as defined in the 2022
    Share Award Scheme). Please refer to the circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024 for further
    details of the eligible participants.

(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
    The total number of the Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made
    pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed in 75,227,514 Shares, representing
    approximately 3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption Date (the “2022
    Scheme Mandate Limit”), and representing approximately 2.74% of the Shares in issue (excluding
    treasury Shares) as at the date of this report, provided that no account shall be taken into the
    calculation of the 2022 Scheme Mandate Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares
    has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the 2022 Share Award Scheme. The total
    number of Restricted Shares which may be issued upon vesting of all grants made to Service
    Providers pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 8,273,118 Shares (the “2022
    Service Provider Sublimit”), representing approximately 0.3% of the total number of Shares in
    issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the 2022 Scheme Amendment Date and as at the date of this
    report. As at the date of this report, (i) the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2022
    Share Award Scheme is 9,374,273 Shares, representing approximately 0.3% of the Shares in issue
    (excluding treasury Shares) as at that date, and (ii) the total number of Shares available for issue to
    Service Providers under the 2022 Share Award Scheme is 8,273,118 Shares, representing 0.3% of the
    Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at that date.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
    The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed
    any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force.
    Any further grant of restricted Shares to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be
    subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates
    abstaining from voting.

(5) Vesting Period of Restricted Shares under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
    Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the
    restricted Shares will usually be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
    corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective
    anniversary dates of the grant, save as determined by the Board at its discretion.

(6) Grant of restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
    Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the
    offer of the grant of the restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The restricted Shares under
    the 2022 Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at nil consideration
    and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   61
     Report of Directors



     (7) Life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme
               The 2022 Share Award Scheme commences on the 2022 Award Adoption Date and remains valid
               and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such
               date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as at December 31, 2024, the
               remaining life of the 2022 Share Award Scheme is approximately seven years.

               The total number of Restricted Shares available for grant to Award Selected Participants under the
               2022 Share Award Scheme was 9,374,273 as at January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, and the
               total number of Restricted Shares available for grant to Service Providers under the 2022 Share
               Award Scheme was 8,273,118 Shares as at January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024.

               The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
               during the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by the issuance of new Shares:

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                         Closing price                                                                                                  average
                                                                                            of Shares                                                                                             closing price
                                                                                          immediately                                                                                             of the Shares
                                                                                            before the                Number                                                                       immediately
                                                                                               date on Number of of Restricted                                                           Number before the
                                                                                            which the     unvested     Shares                                                        of unvested       dates on Fair value of
                                                                                            Restricted Restricted     granted          Number of       Number of       Number of       Restricted     which the Restricted
                                                                                          Shares were Shares held during the           Restricted      Restricted      Restricted    Shares held Restricted Shares at the
     Name of Participant or                                                                   granted at January 1, Reporting             Shares          Shares          Shares    at December Shares were date of grant
     Category of Participant                 Date of Grant         Vesting Period(1)             (HK$)        2024     Period             lapsed        cancelled         vested         31, 2024 vested (HK$)         (HK$)


     Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the listed issuer, or their respective associates
     Dr. John G. Wilcox                      March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38 10,000,000              —               —       5,000,000       1,000,000       4,000,000            2.37        5.40
     Mr. Zhong Yong                          March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                  5.38       6,623,611         —               —              —        1,304,268       5,319,343            2.75        5.40
     Mr. Dong Yang                           March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                   5.38      5,419,318         —               —              —               —        5,419,318              —         5.40
     Ms. Lyu Rong                            March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                   5.38      5,419,318         —               —              —        1,083,864       4,335,454            2.75        5.40
     Dr. Geng Lihong                         March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                   5.38        600,000         —               —              —          120,000         480,000            2.37        5.40

     Participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit
                                                                                                                     N/A

     Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares)
                                                                                                                 N/A

     Other employee participants
                                             January 18, 2023      1 year–5 years                 7.34      28,060,994          —               —               —       3,942,296      24,118,698            2.37        7.34
                                             March 27, 2023        1 year–5 years                 5.38       8,730,000          —               —               —       2,628,039       6,101,961            2.37        5.40

     Other related entity participants
                                             January 18, 2023      1 year–5 years                 7.34       1,000,000          —               —               —         183,019        816,981             2.37        7.34

     Other service providers
                                                                                                                      N/A


     Total                                                                                                  65,853,241          —               —       5,000,000      10,261,486      50,591,755



62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                             Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                          Report of Directors



Notes:

(1)        The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each
           corresponding grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of the
           grant.

(2)        The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon
           vesting is nil.

(3)        As no new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period in respect of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022
           Share Award Scheme, it is not applicable for the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be issued in respect
           of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the
           weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.

The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme
during the Reporting Period which shall be satisfied by existing shares acquired by trustee(s) of the
Company:

                                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                 Closing price                                                                                                  average
                                                                                    of Shares                                                                                             closing price
                                                                                  immediately                                                                                             of the Shares
                                                                                    before the                     Number of                                                               immediately
                                                                                       date on Number of           Restricted                                                 Number of before the
                                                                                    which the     unvested            Shares                                                    unvested       dates on Fair value of
                                                                                    Restricted Restricted            granted       Number of      Number of    Number of       Restricted     which the Restricted
                                                                                  Shares were Shares held          during the      Restricted     Restricted   Restricted    Shares held Restricted Shares at the
Name of Participant or                                                                granted at January 1,        Reporting          Shares         Shares       Shares    at December Shares were date of grant
Category of Participant                Date of Grant         Vesting Period(1)           (HK$)        2024             Period         lapsed       cancelled      vested         31, 2024 vested (HK$)         (HK$)


Directors of the listed issuer
                                                                                                            N/A

Five highest paid individuals in aggregate (excluding Directors)
                                                                                                            N/A

Related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
                                                                                                            N/A

Other grantees in aggregate
Other Employee Participant             April 19, 2024        1 year – 5 years             2.31              —       5,000,000              —              —     1,000,000      4,000,000          2.73           2.27


Total                                                                                                       —       5,000,000              —              —     1,000,000      4,000,000


Notes:

(1)        The vesting schedule of the Restricted Shares will be over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee upon
           satisfaction of the relevant performance targets determined by the Board.

(2)        The purchase price for the Restricted Shares transferred or to be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon
           vesting is nil.

(3)        As at December 31, 2024, the trustee of the 2022 Share Award Scheme, pursuant to the rules of the 2022 Share Award
           Scheme, held 4,000,000 Shares it purchased from the secondary market for the purpose of satisfying grants of the
           Restricted Shares.



                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024                    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                    63
     Report of Directors



     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
     THE COMPANY
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had repurchased, a total of 13,000,000 Shares on the Stock
     Exchange at an aggregate purchase price of approximately HK$31.4 million. The reason for purchase is
     to demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its own business outlook and prospects as the Company
     believes that the current trading price of the Shares does not reflect their intrinsic value or the actual
     prospects of the Company.

     Details of the Shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out as follows:

                                                              Price per Share paid
                                                Number of
                                                   Shares
                                           repurchased on
                                                 the Stock                                        Aggregate
     Month of repurchases                       Exchange        Highest             Lowest    purchase price
                                                                  (HK$)              (HK$)      (HK$ million)


     July 2024                                    9,000,000         2.47               2.37              21.87
     August 2024                                  4,000,000         2.40               2.36               9.56

     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury Shares) during the
     Reporting Period. As at December 31, 2024, the Company held 13,000,000 treasury Shares as defined
     under the Listing Rules.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
     Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

     DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2024, none of the Directors or their respective
     associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete,
     either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                 Report of Directors



CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND ONE-OFF CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group had entered into certain non-exempt continuing
connected transactions and one-off connected transaction as set out below. For detailed terms of
such non-exempt continuing connected transactions, please refer to the section headed “Connected
Transactions” of the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2021, April
12, 2022, July 13, 2022, August 26, 2022, November 7, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively.

Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
1.   Contractual Arrangements
     As foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which the Group currently operates in is
     subject to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations as outlined below, the Company does
     not own 100% equity interest in the VIE Entities. The Company has entered a series of contractual
     arrangements which apply to the (i) 10.00%, (ii) 29.90%, (iii) 30.00% and (iv) 100.00% equity interests
     in (a) Chengdu Xinan Clinic, (b) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (c) Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
     Hospital and (d) Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively.

     a.   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements
          The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Chengdu Xinan
          Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Xinan Clinic and
          Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements:


                                          Sichuan Jinxin Fertility                                Ms. Qian Minhui

                           90%
                                                                        70%                              0.10%

                                                                              Shenzhen Zhongshan
                         Chengdu Xinan Clinic
                                                                                    Hospital



                                                                      (2)

                                                 10%
                                                                      29.90%

           Jinrun Fude Registered    100%
                                                               Jinrun Fude
              Shareholders (1)



                                 denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest

                                 denotes contractual relationships under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements

                                 denotes the equity interests controlled by the Group under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements


                                 denotes our VIE Entities




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    65
     Report of Directors



                Notes:

                (1)   The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
                      49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

                (2)   The Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of
                      Attorney, Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings
                      together form the legal relationship under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                      Arrangements.


                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
                please refer to the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” of the Prospectus and the
                announcements of the Company dated January 27, 2022 and April 13, 2022.

                (1)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements
                      The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital have entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Exclusive Operation Services Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility on December 23,
                      2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, pursuant to which, Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Jinrun Fude agreed to engage Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other
                      services in exchange for a service fee.

                      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
                      financing and investment, (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
                      sharing and medical professionals training, (iii) human resources management, (iv) market
                      research, (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion, (vi) supplier and inventory
                      management, (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring, (viii)
                      medical service quality control, (ix) internal management and (x) other services relating to
                      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself
                      from the performance of these services. During the term of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may use the
                      intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital may also use the intellectual property work
                      created by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in
                      accordance with the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements.




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                  Report of Directors



      Under the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 10% of the distributable net profit
      of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and 29.90% of the distributable net profit of Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial
      years (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service
      fees, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital shall
      reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred
      by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of the 2019 Exclusive
      Operation Services Agreements and provision of services. For the year ended December
      31, 2024, the service fee in relation to 10% of the distributable net profit of Chengdu Xinan
      Clinic is RMB4,281,000. In relation to Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the service fee in
      relation to 29.90% of its distributable net profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 is
      RMB31,412,000.

(2)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Mr. Zeng Yong and
      Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered the Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements.

      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part
      of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s), (ii) Jinrun
      Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its
      designated person(s), (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
      interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself
      or through its designated person(s), (iv) Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted
      by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Jinrun Fude from Chengdu Xinan Clinic
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital themselves or through their designated person(s),(v)
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option
      to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any
      time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, 50% of all or part of the assets of
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Mr. Zeng Yong from Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital itself or through its designated person(s), Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may appoint
      designated person(s) in its sole discretion when exercising its option. The transfer price
      of the relevant equity interests and assets shall be the minimum purchase price permitted
      under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude,
      Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital will undertake that he/she/it will,
      subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in relation to such
      transfer of equity interests or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

                                                      Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   67
     Report of Directors



                (3)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney
                      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility, Jinrun Fude and the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreement and the 2019 Powers of Attorney
                      executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude in favor of Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan
                      Jinxin Fertility (the “Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Attorney”).

                      Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
                      Agreements and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney, (i) the
                      Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
                      exercise all of its rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable) and
                      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and
                      powers of a shareholder of Chengdu Xinan Clinic with 10% equity interests and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital with 29.90% equity interests. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary
                      of the Company, the terms of the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’
                      Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of
                      Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions of Chengdu Xinan Clinic
                      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, 100% equity interests of Jinrun Fude and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic, and 99.90% equity interests of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

                (4)   Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements
                      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Jinrun
                      Fude, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu
                      Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders agree
                      to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Jinrun Fude and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees
                      to pledge all of its equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their obligations and the
                      obligations of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital under the Xinan
                      Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, the Xinan Clinic and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney and the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Xinan Clinic and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Contractual Arrangements.

                (5)   Spouse Undertakings
                      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders (as applicable) has
                      signed an spouse undertakings to the effect that (i) the respective interests of the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do
                      not fall within the scope of joint possession, and (ii) each of the spouses has no right to or
                      control over such interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such
                      interests.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                        Report of Directors



b.   2022 Contractual Arrangements
     The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Sichuan Jinxin
     Xinan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements:


                                                                 (1)
                            Jinyi Hongkang(2)                                     WFOE


                                                100%
                                       Jinxin Medical
                                         Investment


                 10%                            90%
                            Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital


                         Sichuan Jinxin           Sichuan Jinxin
                         Xinan Hospital           Xinan Hospital
                       (Bisheng Campus)         (Jingxiu Campus)

                              denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest
                              denotes contractual relationships under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements


     Notes:

     (1)   The 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, 2022 Powers of
           Attorney, 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal relationship
           under the 2022 contractual Arrangements.

     (2)   Jinyi Hongkang is owned by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Ms. Lyu Rong and Mr. Xu Jun, as
           to 51% and 49%, respectively.


     A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the 2022 Contractual Arrangements
     is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated November 7, 2022.

     (1)   2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
           On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital entered into the 2022 Exclusive
           Operation Services Agreement with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
           Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management, pursuant
           to which, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinyi Hongkang
           each agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management as their exclusive provider of
           technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange for a service fee.




                                                                        Annual Report 2024            Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   69
     Report of Directors



                      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the services to be provided
                      include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and investment; (ii) medical technology
                      related consultation, medical resources sharing and medical professionals training; (iii)
                      human resources management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies for marketing and
                      business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation and marketing
                      strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix) internal
                      management; and (x) other services relating to management and operation of medical
                      institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has proprietary
                      rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance
                      of these services. During the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement,
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management may use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital free of charge and
                      without any conditions. Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
                      Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin Medical
                      Management from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management in
                      accordance with the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement.

                      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the service fee shall be an
                      amount equal to 100% of the distributable net profit of each Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
                      of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial years
                      (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital shall reimburse all
                      reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan
                      Jinxin Medical Management in connection with the performance of the 2022 Exclusive
                      Operation Services Agreement and provision of services. For the year ended December
                      31, 2024, the service fee in relation to 100% of the distributable net profit of Sichuan Jinxin
                      Xinan Hospital is RMB374,790,000.

                      In addition, absence of a prior written consent of Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management,
                      during the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin
                      Xinan Hospital shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services
                      provided by any third party and shall not establish similar cooperation relationships with
                      any third party. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has the right to appoint any third party
                      to provide any or all of the services, or to fulfill its obligations under the 2022 Exclusive
                      Operation Services Agreement.

                (2)   2022 Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
                      Exclusive Option Agreements with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
                      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                  Report of Directors



      Pursuant to the 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each of the Jinyi Hongkang
      Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
      any part of the equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s);
      (ii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to
      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
      assets of Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s); (iii) Jinyi Hongkang
      and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
      any part of the equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital from Jinyi Hongkang and
      Jinxin Medical Investment itself or through its designated person(s); and (iv) Sichuan
      Jinxin Xinan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to
      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
      assets of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital attributable to Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical
      Investment from Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital itself or through its designated person(s).
      The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets shall be the minimum purchase
      price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital will undertake
      that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in
      relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management.

(3)   2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and 2022 Powers of Attorney
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
      Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Jinyi
      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders
      and the 2022 Powers of Attorney executed by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
      Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment in favor of Sichuan Jinxin Medical
      Management (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management (the “2022 Attorney”).

      Pursuant to the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of
      Attorney, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the
      2022 Attorney to exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinyi Hongkang
      (as applicable); and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably agree
      to authorize the 2022 Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder
      in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital with 100% equity interest, including the rights to vote in
      a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file documents with the relevant companies
      registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms
      of the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of Attorney
      will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital
      and 100% effective shareholding interest in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital.




                                                       Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   71
     Report of Directors



                  (4)     2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
                          On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the
                          2022 Equity Pledge Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, the Jinyi Hongkang
                          Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment. Pursuant to the
                          2022 Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders agree
                          to pledge all of their respective equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang; and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang
                          and Jinxin Medical Investment agree to pledge all of its equity interest in Sichuan Jinxin
                          Xinan Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to secure performance of all their
                          obligations and the obligations in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital under the 2022 Exclusive
                          Option Agreements, the 2022 Powers of Attorney and the 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
                          underlying the 2022 New Contractual Arrangements.

                  (5)     2022 Spouse Undertakings
                          The spouses of each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders will sign an
                          undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                          Shareholders in Jinyi Hongkang (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within
                          the scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
                          interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.

          c.      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements
                  The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Jiuzhou Hospital
                  and Hewanjia Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                  Hospital Contractual Arrangements:
                 Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                 Hewanjia Hospital

                                                                       Independent Third                                                               Independent Third
                     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                            Party                     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                            Party
                                                   89.7959%                     10.2041%                                            89.7959%                    10.2041%
                                   100%                                                                             100%

                                   Kangzhi Hospital                                                                 Kangzhi Hospital
                                      Company                      Guangzhou Yunzhicai                                 Company                       Guangzhou Hejia
                                           35.70%                      34.30%                                               35.70%                     34.30%


                                                Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                 Hewanjia Hospital


                                          (2)                                                                              (2)

                                                          30%                                                                              30%
          Jinrun Fude Registered                                                           Jinrun Fude Registered
                                                    Jinrun Fude                                                                      Jinrun Fude
                Shareholders(1)     100%                                                         Shareholders(1)     100%




                                                                                                  denotes direct legal and beneficiary
                                                                                                  ownership in the equity interest


                                                                                                  denotes contractual relationships under
                                                                                                  the contractual arrangements


                                                                                                  denotes the equity interests controlled
                                                                                                  by the Group under the contractual
                                                                                                  arrangements




72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Report of Directors



Notes:

1)    The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
      49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

2)    The Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operations Service Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney,
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreement and Spouse Undertaking together form the
      legal relationship under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements.

3)    Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may hold the equity rights in Kangzhi Hospital Company directly and/or indirectly
      through its subsidiaries or entities controlled by it.


A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
Hospital Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
please refer to the Company’s announcement dated July 13, 2022.

(1)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into an exclusive operation services agreement with the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements”), pursuant to which,
      Jiuzhou Hospital, Hewanjia Hospital and Jinrun Fude each agreed to engage Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other
      services in exchange for a service fee.

      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
      financing and investment; (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
      sharing and medical professionals training; (iii) human resources management; (iv) market
      research; (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory
      management; (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii)
      medical service quality control; (ix) internal management; and (x) other services relating to
      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by
      itself from the performance of these services. During the term of the Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may
      use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in accordance with the
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements.




                                                           Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   73
     Report of Directors



                      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 30.00% of the distributable net
                      profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital of a given audited financial year,
                      after deducting losses from the previous financial years (if any) and any statutory provident
                      fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of
                      pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of
                      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements and
                      provision of services. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the service fee in relation
                      to 30% of the distributable net profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital is
                      RMB2,575,000.

                (2)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
                      entered into exclusive option agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      Exclusive Option Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
                      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude.

                      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
                      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
                      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
                      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part
                      of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinrun
                      Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
                      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
                      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its
                      designated person(s); (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
                      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
                      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
                      interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or through its
                      designated person(s); and (iv) each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital irrevocably
                      and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles
                      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then
                      applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      attributable to Jinrun Fude from Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital itself or through
                      its designated person(s). The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets
                      shall be the minimum purchase price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital will
                      undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration
                      received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.




74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                  Report of Directors



(3)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility, Jinrun Fude and/or the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and the powers
      of attorney executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude (the
      “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney”) in favor of Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Attorney”).

      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
      Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney, (i)
      the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
      exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable); and
      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and
      powers of a shareholder in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital with 30.00%
      equity interest, including the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file
      documents with the relevant companies registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary
      of the Company, the terms of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’
      Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of
      Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in each of the Target
      Hospitals and 96.50% effective shareholding interest in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital.

(4)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into the equity pledge agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Equity Pledge Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun
      Fude Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity interest in
      Jinrun Fude; and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees to pledge all of its equity interest in Jiuzhou
      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their
      obligations and the obligations in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital under
      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, the Jiuzhou
      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
      Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Spouse Undertaking
      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders has signed an
      undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the
      scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
      interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                      Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Report of Directors



     The Foreign Investment Law
     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外商投資法》) (the “FIL”), which was adopted at
     the Second Session of the Thirteenth National People’s Congress of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and came
     into force as of January 1, 2020, which has replaced the law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures (《中
     外合資經營企業法》), the law on Sino-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures (《中外合作經營企業法》) and the
     law on Foreign Capital Enterprises (《外資企業法》) to become the legal foundation for foreign Investment in
     the PRC. The FIL explicitly stipulates three forms of foreign investment, but does not explicitly stipulate the
     contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment.

     Conducting operations through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based
     companies, and has been adopted by our Company in the form of the Contractual Arrangements, to
     establish control of our VIE Entities, through which we operate our business in the PRC. As advised by the
     PRC Legal Advisors, since the definition of “actual control” and “variable interest entities” are not explicitly
     provided in the FIL, nor does it explicitly stipulate that obtaining control over or holding interests in
     domestic enterprises through contractual arrangements is a form of foreign investment, if after the current
     FIL comes into effect, none of the laws, regulations, rules, normative documents or regulatory practice
     explicitly stipulate that contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, then the possibility that
     the legal effectiveness of the Contractual Arrangements become materially adversely affected due to
     violation of the entry requirements under the FIL is relatively low.

     Notwithstanding the above, the FIL stipulates that foreign investment includes “Foreign Investors,
     directly or indirectly, invest in China through many other methods under laws, administrative regulations
     or provisions prescribed by the State Council”. There are possibilities that future laws, administrative
     regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council may regard Contractual Arrangements as
     a form of foreign investment, at which time it will be uncertain whether the Contractual Arrangements
     will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements and how the above-
     mentioned Contractual Arrangements will be handled. Therefore, there is no guarantee that the Contractual
     Arrangements and the business of the VIE Entities will not be materially and adversely affected in the
     future due to changes in PRC laws and regulations. In the event that such measures are not complied
     with, the Stock Exchange may take enforcement actions against the Company which may have a material
     adverse effect on the trading of the Shares.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed
     and/or reproduced between the Group and Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and/or the VIE Entities during
     the Reporting Period. There was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the
     circumstances under which they were adopted during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that
     none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed. As
     at December 31, 2024, the Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any PRC
     governing bodies in operating its businesses through its VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Report of Directors



Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements
The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of ARS at its medical institutions in China. According
to the applicable Catalogue and relevant treaties between China and Hong Kong, medical institutions fall
within the “restricted” investment category, and therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments.
Foreign investments are also restricted to the form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint
venture, except for investments by qualified service providers as defined under Notice of Expanding the
Territorial Scope for Hong Kong and Macao Service Suppliers to Establish Wholly-Owned Hospitals in the
Mainland (關於擴大香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院地域範圍的通知), the Mainland and Hong Kong
Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement and its supplemental Agreements (內地與香港關於建立更緊密
經貿關係的安排及其補充協議), Interim Measures for the Administration of Hong Kong and Macao Service
Providers’ Establishment of Sole Proprietorship Hospitals in the Mainland (香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設
立獨資醫院管理暫行辦法), and Notice Concerning Establishment of Medical Institutions in the Mainland by
Hong Kong and Macao Service Providers (關於香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立醫療機構有關問題的通知).
Furthermore, as advised by the PRC Legal Advisors, the Company, as a foreign entity, shall not hold more
than 90.00%, 70.00% and 70.00% of the equity interests in any medical institution in Chengdu, Shenzhen
and Kunming, respectively, and not hold any equity interest in medical institutions offering Genetics
Molecular Services in the PRC (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”). As such, the Company, through
Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and Jinxin Medical Investment, currently holds 90.00%, 70.00%, 66.50% and nil
equity interests in (i) Chengdu Xinan Clinic, (ii) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital (iii) Jiuzhou Hospital and
Hewanjia Hospital and (iv) Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, respectively. Jinrun Fude holds 10.00% equity
interests in Chengdu Xinan Clinic, 29.90% in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and 30.00% equity interest
in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital. Ms. Qian Minhui holds the remaining 0.1% equity interests
in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. Jinyi Hongkang holds 100% equity interests in Sichuan Jinxin Xinan
Hospital. For details, please refer to the section headed “Regulatory Overview — Relevant Regulations on
Foreign Investment in China” of the Prospectus.

Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements
There are the certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

•    If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory
     restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
     of existing regulations change in the future, the Group could be subject to severe penalties or be
     forced to relinquish the Group’s interests in those operations.

•    The Contractual Arrangements may result in adverse tax consequences to the Group.

•    The shareholders of the Company’s VIE Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with the
     Group, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition.

•    The PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies
     and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent the Company from using
     the proceeds of this offering to make loans to its PRC subsidiaries, or to make additional capital
     contributions to its PRC subsidiaries.

•    If the Group exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of Jinrun Fude and/or Jinyi Hongkang,
     the ownership transfer may subject the Group to certain limitations and substantial costs.




                                                                 Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Report of Directors



     •     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as
           direct ownership. Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinyi
           Hongkang Registered Shareholders may fail to perform their obligations under the New Contractual
           Arrangements.

     For details, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure”
     of the Prospectus and the section headed “Risks Relating to the New Contractual Arrangements” in the
     Company’s announcement dated November 26, 2021.

     Compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the
     implementation and compliance of the Contractual Arrangements:

     (a)   major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements or
           any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if necessary, for
           review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (b)   the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
           at least once a year;

     (c)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
           Arrangements in its annual reports and interim reports to update the Shareholders and potential
           investors; and

     (d)   the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist
           the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the legal compliance of
           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, Jinxin Medical Investment, Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and the VIE Entities to
           deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

     Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the Contractual
     Arrangements
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, a non-executive Director and Ms. Lyu Rong, an executive Director, are connected
     persons of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
     contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of the
     Company under the Listing Rules.




78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of Directors



In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Contractual
Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap
for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules and (iii)
the requirement of limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule
14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to
the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

(c)   The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the economic benefits
      derived from the VIE Entities;

(d)   The Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduce (i) upon expiry or (ii) in relation to
      any existing, newly established or acquired wholly foreign-owned enterprise or operating company
      (including a branch company), engaging in the same business as that of the Group, without
      obtaining Shareholders’ approval, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Contractual
      Arrangements; and

(e)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

As long as the Contractual Arrangements subsist, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang will be treated
as our subsidiary and the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of Jinrun Fude and
Jinyi Hongkang and their respective associates will be treated as connected persons of our Company
(excluding for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), and transactions between these connected
persons and the Group (including for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), other than those
under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditor
The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the overall
performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements, confirmed that:

(a)   the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance with
      the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

(b)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the VIE Entities to the holders of its equity
      interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group;

(c)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang to
      the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
      Group; and




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Report of Directors



     (d)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the VIE Entities
           during the Reporting Period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far the
           Group is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     Further, each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang has undertaken that, for so long as the Shares are listed
     on the Stock Exchange, they will provide the Group’s management and the Company’s auditor full access
     to its relevant records for the purpose of their review of the continuing connected transactions under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     2.    HRC MSA and Ancillary Arrangements
           On January 22, 2019, HRC Management entered into the HRC MSA together with the Ancillary
           Agreements (as defined below) with HRC Medical, pursuant to which HRC Medical engages HRC
           Management as its provider of certain management services, including but without limitation,
           office space, equipment, personnel, book-keeping, accounting services, information technology
           and network services, records maintenance, billing and collection activities and other non-medical
           services necessary to operate the medical practice of HRC Medical. The HRC MSA has been
           effective from January 1, 2019 for an initial term of 20 years, and such term shall be automatically
           extended for one additional year upon each anniversary, until and unless the HRC MSA is terminated
           in accordance with its terms.

           Apart from the HRC MSA, HRC Management and HRC Medical entered into a consulting agreement
           on January 22, 2019 with three Physician Shareholders (the “Consulting Agreement”) pursuant to
           which HRC Management will appoint such Physician Shareholders to assist HRC Management with
           physician management activities for an initial term of two years and will be automatically renewed
           upon its expiry subject to negotiation among the parties, and that such Physician Shareholders
           will each provide to HRC Management strategic advice regarding the operations, staffing, budget
           and capital improvement planning for HRC Management. For the year ended December 31, 2024,
           the service fee payable by HRC Medical under the HRC MSA and the consulting fee payable to
           the Physician Shareholders under the Consulting Agreement is US$60,232,000 and US$1,000 per
           Physician Shareholders, respectively.

           HRC Management also entered into an amended and restated succession and indemnification
           agreements with each Physician Shareholder dated January 22, 2019 (the “Succession and
           Indemnification Agreement”, together with the HRC MSA and Consulting Agreement, the “HRC MSA
           and Ancillary Agreements”). Under each Succession and Indemnification Agreement, the Physician
           Shareholder may be required to transfer his or her share of common stock of HRC Medical upon
           the occurrence of a succession event stated below to maintain an orderly transition of ownership
           and management. For details, please refer to the section headed “Business — Our Management
           Agreements — Management Services Agreement” of the Prospectus.

     Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the HRC MSA
     and Ancillary Agreements
     HRC Medical is jointly-owned by Dr. Bradford A. Kolb (33.3%), Dr. Robert Boostanfar (33.3%) and Dr.
     John G. Wilcox (33.3%). Pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, HRC Medical is an associate of the
     Physician Shareholders, which are the substantial shareholders of the Company and thereby a connected
     person of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the HRC MSA and Ancillary
     Agreements constitutes continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.



80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of Directors



In consideration of the importance of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements to the Company’s business
and operations and the significant revenue contribution to the Group, the Directors (including the
independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements and the
transactions contemplated thereunder (including the term thereof) are fundamental to the legal structure
and business of the Group which allow us to enjoy the economic benefits derived from HRC Medical, while
preventing possible leakages of assets and values of HRC Medical on an uninterrupted basis, and that
such transactions have been, and will be, entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Company
and its Shareholders as a whole.

In respect of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the HRC MSA
and Ancillary Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an
annual cap for the transactions under the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements under Rule 14A.53 of the
Listing Rules; and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements to
three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock
Exchange subject however to the following conditions:

(a)   There shall be no change or waiver of management service fee without the independent non-
      executive Directors’ approval;

(b)   There shall be no change to the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements without the independent
      Shareholders’ approval;

(c)   The Company shall comply with the requirements under Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules if it makes any principal advances to HRC Medical pursuant to the HRC MSA and Ancillary
      Agreements;

(d)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall continue to enable the Group to receive a substantial
      portion of the economic benefits derived by HRC Medical through the business structure under which
      a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be paid to the Group as management
      service fees, subject to review by the Company and HRC Medical on an annual basis to ensure that
      the total compensation paid to HRC Management shall be commensurate with the fair market value
      for the services rendered;

(e)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall automatically be extended one additional year upon
      each anniversary in accordance with the terms thereof until and unless the HRC MSA is terminated
      in accordance with its terms, subject to compliance with California law and federal law of the United
      States; and

(f)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements on an ongoing
      basis.




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   81
     Report of Directors



     Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditors
     The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the HRC MSA
     and Ancillary Agreements, confirmed that:

     (a)   The transactions carried out during the year ended December 31, 2024 have been entered into
           in accordance with the relevant provisions of the HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements, and have
           been operated in a manner so that a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be
           payable to HRC Management as management service fee, subject to review by the Company and
           HRC Medical and approval by the independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis, plus a
           discretionary bonus incentive;

     (b)   The HRC MSA and Ancillary Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2024 were carried on
           in the ordinary course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and
           reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; and

     (c)   The management fee received by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 had been duly
           reviewed and approved by the Board (including the independent non-executive Directors).

     Annual Review and Confirmation by the Auditor of the Company
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
     connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
     (Revised), “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
     and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
     the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu has issued its unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of
     the continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31, 2024 in accordance with Rule
     14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided to the Board of Directors.

     Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions as disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated
     financial statements do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
     defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, and except the continuing connected transactions and connected
     transaction that were granted full exemptions on the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
     by the Stock Exchange, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
     which are required to be disclosed by the Company during the Reporting Period in accordance with the
     provisions concerning the disclosure of connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
     In respect of the connected transaction and the continuing connected transactions entered into by the
     Company during the year of 2024, the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (as amended from time to time).

     DONATIONS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group made nil charitable donation.




82   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Report of Directors



SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration
of material importance and no litigation or claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be
pending or threatening against the Company.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles of Association, every Director or other officers of the Company acting in relation to any
of the affairs of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which he or she may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his or her duties
in his or her office; be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company; provided that
this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors
and officers.

POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there were no material post
balance sheet events.

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company had jointly reviewed with the management
the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and discussed internal control and financial
reporting matters (including the review of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
the year ended December 31, 2024).

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information
on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance
Report on pages 85 to 101 of this annual report.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at
least 25% of the total issued Shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by
the Stock Exchange and permitted under the Listing Rules, was held by the public at all times during the
Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report.




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   83
     Report of Directors



     AUDITOR
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended December 31,
     2024. The accompanying financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs have been audited by
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

     There was no change in the auditor of the Company since the Listing Date.

     On behalf of the Board




     Dong Yang
     Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

     Hong Kong, March 28, 2025




84   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2024.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests
of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the
CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The
Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the
year ended December 31, 2024 to enable the Shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate
governance have been applied.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code.

THE BOARD
Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic
decisions and monitoring business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and
responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the
Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board
committees including the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
Nomination Committee, the Strategic Decisions Committee and the Medical Quality Control and R&D
Committee (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees
responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and
advice from the senior management of the Group. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties
to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly
reviews the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors.
The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   85
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Composition
     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises following
     Directors:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. John G. Wilcox
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Geng Lihong

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (redesignated on March 28, 2025)
     Mr. Fang Min
     Ms. Hu Zhe
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung
     Mr. Li Jianwei
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo
     Mr. Ye Changqing

     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
     of this annual report.

     Save as disclosed in the Directors’ biographies set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report, none of the Directors have any personal relationship (including
     financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director and chief
     executive.

     During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board has at all times met the requirements under
     Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent
     non-executive directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate
     professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

     During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing
     Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of
     the Board.

     As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule
     3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent parties.

     As part of our corporate governance practice to provide transparency to the investor community and in
     compliance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code, independent non-executive Directors are identified as
     such in all corporate communications containing the names of the Directors. In addition, an updated list of
     Directors identifying the independent non-executive Directors and the roles and functions of the directors
     is maintained on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.


86   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Board Independence
During the Reporting Period, the Company has in place various measures and mechanisms underpinning
a strong independent Board and that independent views and input are conveyed to the Board. The
measures and mechanisms are kept under annual review to ensure their effectiveness and to uphold
good corporate governance. The Board reviewed and considered that such mechanisms were properly
implemented during 2023 and were effective, they are as follows:

•    Board and Committees’ structure. The Company has been steered by a Board, comprising
     a majority of non-executive Directors. The Board comprises 12 members, with a majority of
     non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors. There are 4 executive Directors,
     including the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer
     is the only executive Director on the Board, and all the remaining 8 Directors are non-executive
     Directors or independent non-executive Directors. Separation of the role of the Chairman and the
     Chief Executive Officer ensures that there is a balance of power and authority. Members of all
     governance related committees are non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors.

•    Appointment of Directors. In assessing suitability of the candidates, the Nomination Committee
     will review their character and integrity; qualifications including professional experience, skills and
     knowledge; diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background; having regard to the Board’s composition, the selection criteria approved by the Board,
     the nomination policy and the board diversity policy.

•    Annual review of Directors’ commitment and independence. The Nomination Committee reviews
     annually each Director’s time commitment to the Group’s business. Each independent non-executive
     Director is required to inform the Stock Exchange as soon as practicable if there is any change in his
     or her personal particulars that may affect his or her independence. No such notification was received
     during the year ended December 31, 2024. The Company has received written annual confirmation
     from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in
     accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
     is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

•    Conflict management. A Director who has a material interest in any transaction, contract or
     arrangement shall not vote (nor shall be counted in the quorum) on any Board resolution approving
     the same.

•    Professional advice. To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors have full and timely
     access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional
     advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expenses.

•    Board evaluation. The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed during
     the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance the
effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve diversity
of the Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board,
including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education
background, ethnicity and length of service.



                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   87
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic
     development, business development, sales, research and development, medical research, investment
     management, finance, risk management, science, medical and the ARS industry. They obtained degrees
     in various areas including economics, business administration, medicine, law, bioengineering, international
     finance, management, computer science, literature and journalism. The age of the Directors range from 38
     years old to 62 years old.

     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
     business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit and Risk Management
     Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

     As at December 31, 2024, the Board was comprised of four female Directors and eight male Directors. The
     Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient. The Company
     will continue to devote efforts in integrating the principle of gender diversity into its recruitment processes
     and maintaining at least one-third of the Group’s management roles be held by women, with a view to
     create a promising career path for the Group’s outstanding female management personnel and to nurture
     potential female successors to the Board in the future.

     As at December 31, 2024, we had a total of 3,198 employees and the share of female employees
     (including senior management) and male employees at the Group is 81% and 19%, respectively.
     Accordingly, the Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce in a
     satisfactory manner.

     The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the
     Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Nomination Policy
     The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out an approach to guide the Nomination
     Committee in relation to the selection, appointment and re-appointment of the Directors and ensures that
     the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
     the requirements of the Company’s business. The nomination policy sets out the criteria for the selection
     of a candidate, including but not limited to skills, qualifications and experiences, independence from the
     Company and its subsidiaries, reputation and integrity.

     The nomination policy also sets out criteria for the evaluation and recommendation to the Board on the
     re-appointment of retiring Director(s), the position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors, and
     the process and procedures for the nomination of Directors. After receiving recommendations regarding
     the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors, the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due diligence. Upon review
     by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the Company will convene a Board meeting where
     recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and approved
     by the Board, the proposed retiring directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

     The Nomination Committee will review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.




88   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



Induction and Continuous Professional Development
Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction information to ensure that he/she has
a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities
under relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to
provide Directors with updates on the latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other
relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular
updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each
Director to discharge their duties.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh
their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and
provided written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a Director.

According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors
during the year ended December 31, 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                   Nature of Continuous Professional
Name of Directors                                                                          Development Programme(1)


Executive Directors
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                                         A&B
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                                    A&B
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                                                                  A&B
Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                                                            A&B

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (redesignated on March 28, 2025)                                                                 A&B
Mr. Fang Min                                                                                                               A&B
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                                 A&B
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                                                           A&B

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                                        A&B
Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                                                             A&B
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                                            A&B
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                                           A&B

Note:

(1)     Nature of Continuous Professional Development Programme:

        A:   Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers

        B:   Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, listing rules and other
             relevant ordinances




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   89
     Corporate Governance Report



     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
     separate and performed by different individuals.

     During the Reporting Period, the Chairman of the Board was Mr. Zhong Yong and the offices of the chief
     executive officers were separately co-held by Mr. Dong Yang and Ms. Lyu Rong with clear distinction in
     responsibilities with the Chairman. The Chairman of the Board is responsible for providing strategic advice
     and guidance on the business development of the Group, while the chief executive officers of the Group
     are responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
     date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
     case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company. The appointments of the
     executive Directors are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles
     of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

     Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
     appointment letter with the Company for a term of one year with effect from their respective date of
     appointment. The appointments of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are
     subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association and the
     applicable Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
     without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
     Articles of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition
     and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession
     planning for Directors.

     Board Meetings
     The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
     approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board
     meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a
     regular meeting.

     For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
     accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
     days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
     prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
     they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known
     to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries with
     copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.




90   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                   Corporate Governance Report



Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the
matters considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are
sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.
Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

During the Reporting Period, four Board meetings and two general meetings were held, the attendance of
each Director at the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out in the table below:

                                                               Attended/Eligible        Attended/Eligible
                                                                   to attend the            to attend the
Directors                                                      Board meeting(s)          general meeting


Executive Directors
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                               4/4                      2/2
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                          4/4                      2/2
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                        4/4                      2/2
Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                  4/4                      2/2

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman) (redesignated on March 28,2025)                        4/4                      2/2
Mr. Fang Min                                                                     4/4                      2/2
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                       4/4                      2/2
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                 4/4                      2/2

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                              4/4                      2/2
Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                   4/4                      2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                  4/4                      2/2
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                 4/4                      2/2

Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model
Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the
Company, are subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
employees was noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                            Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   91
     Corporate Governance Report



     Delegation by the Board
     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring of
     all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material
     transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment
     of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could request to seek
     independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged
     to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.

     The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior
     management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.
     Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the
     management.

     Corporate Governance Function
     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors
     which includes but not limited to the following:

     1.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
          requirements;

     2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
          management;

     3.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
          and Directors;

     4.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
          recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters;

     5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
          report; and

     6.   to review and monitor the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy.

     BOARD COMMITTEES
     Audit and Risk Management Committee
     During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprises five members and
     is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two
     independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive
     Directors, Mr. Fang Min and Ms. Hu Zhe.




92   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The principal duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include the following:

1.   reviewing the relationship with the Company’s auditor by reference to the work performed by them,
     their remuneration and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment, re-appointment and removal of the Company’s auditor;

2.   reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised
     by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance
     officer or the Company’s auditor before submission to the Board; and

3.   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, risk management and
     internal control systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
     qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and
     financial reporting function.

The written terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are available on the websites
of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, two meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
were held to discuss and consider the following matters:

•    reviewed annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2024;

•    reviewed interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30, 2024;
     and

•    reviewed the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the
     adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
     Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function), risk management systems and
     processes and the re-appointment of the Company’s auditor, with respect to which the Board had
     not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the
     selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the Company’s auditor.

Attendance of each Audit and Risk Management Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                    Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                                                                               2/2
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                       2/2
Mr. Fang Min                                                                                              2/2
Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                           2/2




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   93
     Corporate Governance Report



     Nomination Committee
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprises five members and is chaired by a non-
     executive Director, Mr. Zhong Yong, and consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong
     Yat Keung, Mr. Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, and an executive Director, Dr. John G. Wilcox.

     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

     1.   reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
          the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
          complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

     2.   identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and senior management and selecting or
          making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships or
          senior management positions;

     3.   assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

     4.   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

     5.   developing criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for
          directorship, including but not limited the balance of skills, knowledge and board experience, and in
          the light of this evaluation preparing a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
          appointment; and

     6.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
          rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

     The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience,
     skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations
     of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

     The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company.

     During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to discuss and consider
     the following matter:

     •    considered the globalized recruitment and training mechanism of the Group;

     •    confirmed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

     •    considered the nomination of Directors for election at the AGM.




94   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



Attendance of each Nomination Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                   Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                                1/1
Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                      1/1
Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                       1/1
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                          1/1
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                         1/1

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises five members and is chaired by an independent non-executive
Director, Dr. Chong Yat Keung, and consists of another two independent non-executive Directors, Mr.
Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, one executive Director, Mr. Dong Yang and one non-executive
Director, Mr. Fang Min.

The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

1.   making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
     senior management’s remuneration;

2.   reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
     corporate goals and objectives;

3.   either (i) determining, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
     executive Directors and senior management; or (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management;

4.   making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

5.   considering salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
     employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

6.   reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules;
     and

7.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
     rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   95
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the year ended December 31, 2024, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held to
     discuss and consider the following matter:

     •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the grant of restricted Shares
          to the Group’s executive management pursuant to the 2022 Share Award Scheme as part of
          remuneration package; and

     •    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors
          and senior management of the Company for the year 2024.

     In particular, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that the grant of the Restricted Shares to the
     Group’s executive management is in line with the Company’s remuneration policy, as they serve as
     discretionary bonus and form part of the remuneration package of the grantees in recognition of their
     invaluable and substantial contributions to the Group. The number of the Restricted Shares being
     granted to the grantees is derived based on the commercial assessment of the Board having taken
     into account a number of factors, including, without limitation, their roles and responsibilities, seniority,
     expertise, experience, historical and expected contributions to the Group as well as the overall business
     development and strategies of the Group and its relevant hospitals.

     Attendance of each Remuneration Committee member is set out in the table below:

     Directors                                                                     Attended/Eligible to attend


     Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                                                                          2/2
     Mr. Dong Yang                                                                                           2/2
     Mr. Fang Min                                                                                            2/2
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                         2/2
     Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                        2/2

     Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
     Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the senior management of the Company (other than
     the Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2024, are set out below:

     Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                              Number of persons


     10,000,001–15,000,000                                                                                     1
     5,000,001–10,000,000                                                                                      1
     1,000,001–5,000,000                                                                                       1
     0–1,000,000                                                                                               –


     Total                                                                                                     3




96   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

For additional information on the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2024, please
refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2024 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
Group’s results and cash flows.

The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the
Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s
performance, positions and prospects.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the Company’s auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated
financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 102 to 106 of
this annual report.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   97
     Corporate Governance Report



     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal
     control system to safeguard shareholder investments and the Company’s assets and reviewing the
     effectiveness of such system on an annual basis. The risk management and internal control systems are
     designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only
     provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.

     The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

     •    well-defined organizational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority,
          reporting lines and responsibilities to minimize risk of errors and abuse;

     •    clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major
          functions and operations;

     •    adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such
          as company code of conduct, anti-corruption and whistleblowing, policies of protection of intellectual
          property, environmental protection, legal and compliance, pharmacovigilance, product quality and
          safety, and occupational health and safety, etc.;

     •    a sound risk management procedure, requiring all relevant departments to accurately identify,
          carefully assess, dynamically monitor and timely respond to risks within the scope of their duties, and
          perform their responsibility of risk control;

     •    important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained
          staff;

     •    continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date
          business and financial reporting, and taking immediate corrective actions where necessary; and

     •    internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

     The Group’s internal audit department plays a major role in monitoring the internal governance of the
     Company. The major tasks of the internal audit department are reviewing the financial condition and
     internal control of the Company and conducting comprehensive audits of all branches and subsidiaries
     of the Company on a regular basis. The review covers all material controls including financial,
     operational, compliance controls and risk management. Apart from regular reporting, any urgent matters
     in relation to the relevant areas of internal control will be reported in a timely manner. Review results
     and recommendations in the form of written reports are submitted to the Audit and Risk Management
     Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the internal audit department to
     ensure that material weaknesses previously identified have been properly resolved.

     The Group has established rules regulating information disclosures which stipulates the handling and
     disclosure procedures of inside information. The Group uses annual reports, interim reports, and results
     announcements and other announcements as required by the Listing Rules to disclose information to
     investors and the public to ensure timely disclosure of information in accordance with the Listing Rules and
     SFO. The Group strictly prohibits unauthorized use or dissemination of confidential or inside information.




98   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group and considered the risk management and
internal control systems to be effective and adequate. The Board also believes that the Company has
sufficient resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programme and budget of accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the ESG performance and
reporting. The Group continuously reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems, and adopted measures and procedures in various aspects, such as fund management, budget
management, and market activities, to strengthen the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the internal control
system of the Group and considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor to the Group for
the year ended December 31, 2024 was approximately as follows:

Type of Services                                                                                    Amount
                                                                                                     (RMB)


Audit services                                                                                    6,849,000
Non-audit services                                                                                  196,800

Total                                                                                             7,045,800


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint company secretary of the Company, is responsible for advising the Board
on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board policies and procedures, as well as the
applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also engaged Ms. Ng Sau Mei, the director and head of the
Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited (a company secretarial service provider), as the
other joint company secretary to assist Ms. Zhai Yangyang to discharge her duties as company secretary
of the Company. Her primary corporate contact person at the Company was Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint
company secretary of the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, each of Ms. Zhai Yangyang and Ms. Ng Sau Mei has
undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   99
      Corporate Governance Report



      COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
      The Company considers effective communication with the Shareholders to be essential for enhancing
      investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
      also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable
      Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

      The AGM provides opportunity for the Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
      Chairman and the chairmen of the Board Committees of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer
      Shareholders’ questions. The Company’s auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about
      the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and
      auditor independence.

      To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website of the Company at www.jxr-fertility.com,
      where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial
      information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access.

      During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
      Shareholders’ communication policy, including the multiple communication channels for Shareholders
      in place and the steps taken to handle Shareholders’ enquiries, and considered that the Shareholders’
      communication policy has been properly implemented and effective.

      DIVIDEND POLICY
      The Company adopted a dividend policy that sets out the principles and guidelines that the Company
      intends to apply in relation to the declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision F.1.1 of
      the CG Code that became effective starting from June 25, 2019.

      Subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Articles of Association, the Board has absolute
      discretion on whether to distribute dividends in any form but no dividend shall exceed the amount
      recommended by the Board. The dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on the Company’s
      financial and cash flow position. It will continue to be reviewed by the Board from time to time and there
      can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

      As at December 31, 2024, no arrangement was reached pursuant to which the Shareholders waived or
      agreed to waive their dividends.




100   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at
general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll
results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after
each general meeting.

Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company according
to the Articles of Association. Any one or more members holding as of date of deposit of the requisition not
less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings
of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or any one of the
joint company secretaries of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company
to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may
convene a physical meeting at only one location as specified in the meeting notice, and all reasonable
expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of
the Company.

Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries or requisitions about the Company to the Board
could send their enquiries to the headquarters of the Company at No. 301, North Jingsha Road, Jinjiang
District, Chengdu, Sichuan, China (email address: pr@jxr-fertility.com).

CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
On June 25, 2024, the Company adopted the fifth amended and restated Articles of Association in
substitution for the then existing amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of
association of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the fifth amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association did not have any change.




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   101
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
      錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”)
      and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 107 to 229, which comprise
      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
      consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
      statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued
      by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
      with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code
      of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
      in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      KEY AUDIT MATTER
      Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of
      the consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
      not provide a separate opinion on the matter.




102   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)
Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility Management, LLC

We identified the impairment of goodwill and           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
intangible assets, representing contractual right      goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility
to provide management services and trademarks,         Management, LLC included:
arising from the acquisition of HRC Fertility
Management, LLC and its subsidiary, as a key           •   Understanding the Group’s process relating
audit matter due to the significant management             to the preparation of cash flow forecasts and
judgements involved in the impairment assessment           impairment assessment;
and their significance to the consolidated financial
statements as a whole.                                 •   Obtaining an understanding of the method
                                                           used to establish the impairment assessment
Determining whether goodwill and these intangible          model for the relevant CGU with the
assets are impaired requires management’s                  independent valuer appointed by the Group
estimation when preparing the value-in-use of the          and evaluating the valuer’s competence,
relevant cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which it          capabilities and objectivity;
has been allocated. The Group’s management,
with the support of an independent valuer,             •   Leveraging internal valuation expert to
establishes the impairment assessment model and            assess the appropriateness of the impairment
prepares a value-in-use calculation to estimate the        assessment model and the discount rate
future cash flows which is discounted in its present       adopted by benchmarking the discount rate
value taking into account key assumptions,                 against market data of comparable entities;
including growth rates of revenue, gross margin
rate and pre-tax discount rate.                        •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
                                                           assumptions, by comparing the growth rates
The carrying amount of goodwill, contractual               of revenue with market data and economic
right to provide management services and                   growth trends and comparing the gross
trademarks were approximately RMB631,990,000,              margin rate of the relevant CGU with the
RMB2,026,410,000 and RMB1,124,951,000,                     Group’s historical performance and business
respectively, as at 31 December 2024 and no                expansion plans; and
impairment loss was recognised for the year.
Details of the impairment testing are disclosed in     •   Evaluating the reliability of cash flow
Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.          forecasts prepared by the management by
                                                           comparing the historical forecast with the
                                                           actual performance in the current year.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   103
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other
      information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated
      financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
      GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
      true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary
      to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
      using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
      cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




104   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
     to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
     financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion
     on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of
     the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.




                                                                Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   105
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
      and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
      control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
      ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
      to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
      were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
      a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan, Benjie Pak Kin.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      28 March 2025




106   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                NOTES              2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


Revenue                                                           5            2,811,596              2,788,910
Cost of revenue                                                               (1,712,142)            (1,613,465)


Gross profit                                                                   1,099,454              1,175,445
Other income                                                      6               35,081                 77,198
Other expenses                                                    7               (4,894)               (31,439)
Other gains and losses, net                                       8              (27,629)                12,728
Research and development expenses                                                (24,691)               (21,746)
Selling and distribution expenses                                               (175,169)              (191,856)
Administrative expenses                                                         (458,012)              (481,369)
Share of results of associates                                                     3,912                  5,109
Share of result of a joint venture                                                 1,241                   (161)
Finance costs                                                     9              (57,406)               (79,641)


Profit before taxation                                           10              391,887                 464,268
Income tax expenses                                              11             (118,420)               (117,285)


Profit for the year                                                              273,467                 346,983


Other comprehensive income (expense):
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference on translation from functional
     currency to presentation currency                                                    –              159,234
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                         54,840             (104,209)


Other comprehensive income for the year                                              54,840               55,025


Total comprehensive income for the year                                          328,307                 402,008


Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                        283,099                 344,723
  — Non-controlling interests                                                     (9,632)                  2,260


                                                                                 273,467                 346,983




                                                                Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   107
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                            NOTES      2024       2023
                                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000


      Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year
        attributable to:
        — Owners of the Company                                     337,199    399,266
        — Non-controlling interests                                  (8,892)     2,742


                                                                    328,307    402,008


      Earnings per share:                                    14
        — Basic (RMB)                                                  0.11       0.13


        — Diluted (RMB)                                                0.10       0.12




108   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         At 31 December 2024




                                                            NOTES              2024                  2023
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                15            2,811,993             2,595,241
Right-of-use assets                                          16              458,909               528,204
Goodwill                                                     17            3,506,618             3,495,983
Licenses                                                     18            1,486,273             1,531,148
Non-compete agreement                                        19               18,186                19,174
Contractual right to provide management services             20            2,026,410             1,996,613
Trademarks                                                   21            2,682,046             2,664,197
Investments in preferred shares measured at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                 –                  7,052
Interests in associates accounted for using equity method    23              391,626                159,431
Financial assets at FVTPL                                    24               80,000                 80,000
Equity instrument at fair value through other
  comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                            26               84,303                      –
Interest in a joint venture                                  25               26,334                 25,093
Loan receivable                                              28               29,133                 28,431
Refundable deposits                                                           64,827                 65,620
Prepayments                                                  28                    –                184,595
Amounts due from related parties                            29(a)             76,253                 28,368
Deferred tax assets                                          36              124,487                121,068
Life insurance policy                                        30               24,467                 23,511


                                                                          13,891,865            13,553,729


Current assets
Inventories                                                  27               50,948                 62,428
Accounts and other receivables                               28              322,265                169,370
Amounts due from related parties                            29(a)             86,955                213,687
Tax recoverable                                                               58,940                 44,063
Time deposits                                                31               24,625                 87,051
Other financial assets at FVTPL                              33                    –                141,569
Bank balances and cash                                       32              546,196                624,280


                                                                           1,089,929             1,342,448




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   109
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2024




                                                                NOTES              2024               2023
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


      Current liabilities
      Accounts and other payables                                 34              737,772           805,083
      Amounts due to related parties                             29(b)             20,459            12,264
      Lease liabilities                                           35               53,505            72,199
      Tax payables                                                                 30,178            52,483
      Bank borrowing                                              37            1,277,537           747,804


                                                                                2,119,451         1,689,833


      Net current liabilities                                                  (1,029,522)         (347,385)


      Total assets less current liabilities                                   12,862,343         13,206,344


      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                           35              281,372           349,726
      Deferred tax liabilities                                    36            1,234,225         1,210,705
      Bank borrowing                                              37              992,559         1,379,664
      Loan payables                                               34                    –            79,437


                                                                                2,508,156         3,019,532


      Net assets                                                              10,354,187         10,186,812


      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                               38                 182                180
      Reserves                                                                10,274,237         10,091,243


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            10,274,419         10,091,423
      Non-controlling interests                                                   79,768             95,389


      Total equity                                                            10,354,187         10,186,812


      The consolidated financial statements on pages 107 to 229 were approved and authorised for issue by the
      board of directors on 28 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                              Dong Yang                                     Yan Xiao Qing
                              DIRECTOR                                       DIRECTOR




110   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                             Shares                                               Equity-
                                                                            held for                                              settled
                                                                           restricted                                             share-
                                                                               share                                               based                                     Non-
                                                    Share       Share         award         Capital Translation      Statutory   payment     Retained                  controlling
                                                   capital   premium        scheme         reserve      reserve       reserve    reserve       profits     Sub-total     interests        Total
                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                         (Note 39(b))                                 (Note a)



At 1 January, 2023                                    166    7,878,111              *     (402,668)    (129,470)      115,343     59,176     1,119,085     8,639,743       95,385     8,735,128



Profit for the year                                     –            –              –            –             –             –          –     344,723       344,723         2,260      346,983
Other comprehensive income for the year                 –            –              –            –       54,543              –          –            –       54,543           482       55,025



Total comprehensive income for the year                 –            –              –            –       54,543              –          –     344,723       399,266         2,742      402,008



Issue of shares (Note 38)                              12     999,574               –            –             –             –          –            –      999,586             –      999,586
Transaction costs attributable to issue
  of shares                                             –        (602)              –            –             –             –          –            –         (602)            –         (602)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
  payment (Note 39(b))                                  –            –              –            –             –             –    53,430             –       53,430             –       53,430
Vesting of restricted shares (Note 39)                  –      27,014               *            –             –             –    (27,014)           –             –            –             –
Issue of shares for Restricted Share Award
  Scheme (as defined and detailed in
  Note 39(b))                                           2            –             (2)           –             –             –          –            –             –            –             –
Dividends to non-controlling interests (Note b)         –            –              –            –             –             –          –            –             –       (2,738)       (2,738)
Transfer to reserve (Note a)                            –            –              –            –             –       15,466           –      (15,466)            –            –             –



At 31 December, 2023                                  180    8,904,097             (2)    (402,668)      (74,927)     130,809     85,592     1,448,342    10,091,423       95,389    10,186,812




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024             Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                  111
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                    Shares                                              Equity-
                                                                                   held for                                             settled
                                                                                 restricted                                             share-
                                                                                     share                                               based                                      Non-
                                                         Share       Share           award        Capital Translation     Statutory    payment     Retained                   controlling
                                                        capital   premium          scheme         reserve      reserve      reserve    reserve       profits     Sub-total      interests        Total
                                                       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                               (Note 39(b))                                (Note a)



      At 1 January, 2024                                   180    8,904,097              (2)     (402,668)     (74,927)     130,809     85,592     1,448,342    10,091,423        95,389    10,186,812



      Profit (loss) for the year                             –            –              –              –            –            –           –     283,099       283,099         (9,632)     273,467
      Other comprehensive income for the year                –            –              –              –       54,100            –           –            –       54,100            740       54,840



      Total comprehensive income (expense)
          for the year                                       –            –              –              –       54,100            –           –     283,099       337,199         (8,892)     328,307



      Repurchase of shares (Note c)                          –      (51,313)              *             –            –            –           –            –       (51,313)            –       (51,313)
      Dividends recognised as distribution
          (Note 13)                                          –    (150,000)              –              –            –            –           –            –      (150,000)            –      (150,000)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
          payment (Note 39(b))                               –            –              –              –            –            –     47,285             –       47,285              –       47,285
      Forfeiture of equity-settled share-based
          payment (Note 39(b))                               –            –              –              –            –            –        (847)        847              –             –             –
      Vesting of restricted shares (Note 39)                 –      65,940               1              –            –            –     (65,941)           –             –             –             –
      Issue of shares for Restricted Share Award
          Scheme (as defined and detailed in
          Note 39(b)                                         2            –              (2)            –            –            –           –            –             –             –             –
      Dividends to non-controlling interests
          (Note b)                                           –            –              –              –            –            –           –            –             –        (7,133)       (7,133)
      Capital injection by non-controlling interests         –            –              –           (175)           –            –           –            –          (175)          404          229
      Transfer to reserve (Note a)                           –            –              –              –            –       21,681           –      (21,681)            –             –             –



      At 31 December, 2024                                 182    8,768,724              (3)     (402,843)     (20,827)     152,490     66,089     1,710,607    10,274,419        79,768    10,354,187


      *          The amount is less than RMB1,000.




112   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                      Annual Report 2024
                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024



Notes:

(a)   Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). According to the
      relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
      their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
      until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
      distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
      non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

(b)   During the year ended 31 December 2024, Jinxin Women Wellness Limited declared dividends amounted to
      RMB4,818,000 (2023: RMB2,738,000) to the non-controlling shareholders.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital (“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”)
      declared dividends amounted to RMB2,315,000 (2023: Nil) to the non-controlling shareholders.

(c)   During the year ended 31 December 2024, a trustee purchased the Company’s ordinary shares through the Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) for the satisfaction of awards to be granted under the 2022
      RSU Scheme (as defined in Note 39(b)). The trustee purchased 9,374,273 of Company’s shares with a total amount of
      RMB22,544,000 (2023: Nil).

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock
      Exchange as follows:

                                                                  No. of                  Price per               Aggregate
      Month of repurchase                               ordinary shares                  share HK$        consideration paid


      July                                                     9,000,000                        2.43          HK$21,870,000
                                                                                                                (equivalent to
                                                                                                              RMB20,015,000)
      August                                                   4,000,000                        2.39           HK$9,560,000
                                                                                                                (equivalent to
                                                                                                               RMB8,754,000)

      The total consideration paid to repurchase the Company’s ordinary shares amounted to RMB51,313,000 during the year
      ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    113
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                          2024        2023
                                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000


      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                           391,887     464,268
      Adjustments for:
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  157,123     155,062
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             74,323      84,638
        Amortisation of licenses                                        44,875      45,028
        Amortisation of non-compete agreement                            1,480       1,459
        Exchange loss (gain), net                                       24,173      (3,988)
        Interest income from banks                                      (5,257)    (10,738)
        Interest income from time deposits                              (2,014)     (9,945)
        Imputed interest income from related parties                      (205)        (22)
        Interest expenses                                               57,406      79,641
        Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment         64       1,066
        Share-based payment expense                                     47,285      53,430
        Gain on fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL    (2,158)     (6,124)
        Loss on fair value change of investments in preferred shares
           measured at FVTPL                                              7,052           –
        Gain on early termination of leases                                (104)     (1,047)
        Gain on a life insurance policy                                    (606)       (674)
        Share of results of associates                                   (3,912)     (5,109)
        Share of result of a joint venture                               (1,241)        161


      Operating cash flows before movements in working capital         790,171     847,106
      Decrease in inventories                                           11,480         117
      (Increase) decrease in accounts and other receivables            (61,378)      3,878
      Decrease (increase) in amounts due from related parties           57,148     (29,296)
      (Decrease) increase in accounts and other payables               (39,369)     36,059
      Decrease in amounts due to related parties                        (1,364)    (10,934)


      Cash generated from operations                                    756,688     846,930
      Income tax paid                                                  (127,487)   (162,446)


      Net cash from operating activities                               629,201     684,484




114   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


Investing activities
Interest received from banks                                                   5,257                10,738
Interest received from time deposits                                           1,798                10,102
Capital injection of investment in an associate                             (157,909)                    –
Acquisition of investment in an associate                                    (46,402)              (24,866)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (262,357)             (164,138)
Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                          –                (9,430)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                              –               (80,000)
Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                                 (836,200)           (1,088,297)
Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL                    979,927             1,024,152
Proceeds from disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment              1,853                41,208
Repayment from related parties                                                   683                 1,458
Advances to related parties                                                     (261)               (1,861)
Settlement of consideration payables on
  acquisition of a subsidiary in prior year                                        –               (70,904)
Placement of time deposits                                                  (452,100)           (1,590,209)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                  472,440             1,564,017
Repayment from associates                                                          –                 2,993
Net cash used in investing activities                                       (293,271)             (375,037)




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   115
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000


      Financing activities
      New bank borrowing raised                                              3,294,476       640,062
      Repayment of bank borrowing                                           (3,183,799)     (642,902)
      Interest paid                                                           (121,010)     (159,191)
      Proceeds from issue of shares                                                  –       999,586
      Payment on repurchase of shares                                          (51,313)            –
      Redemption of Convertible Bonds                                                –    (1,604,588)
      Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                              –          (602)
      Advances from related parties                                              3,706         2,149
      Repayments to related parties                                               (157)      (26,479)
      Dividends paid                                                          (150,000)      (10,504)
      Repayments of loan payables                                             (124,011)      (57,309)
      Interest paid on loan payables                                            (5,519)       (4,207)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                          (97,052)      (65,068)
      Interest paid for lease liabilities                                      (16,708)      (18,658)
      Capital injection by non-controlling interests                               229             –
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                               (7,133)       (2,738)


      Net cash (used in) financing activities                                (458,291)     (950,449)


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                              (122,361)     (641,002)

      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                      691,331     1,329,948

      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   1,851         2,385


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                            570,821       691,331


      Bank balances and cash                                                  546,196       624,280
      Add: time deposits with original maturity of less than three months      24,625        67,051


                                                                              570,821       691,331




116   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




1. GENERAL INFORMATION
  Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to as
  the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands with
  limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961)
  as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on 3 May 2018 and the shares
  of the Company have been listed on the Stock Exchange since 25 June 2019. The addresses of the
  registered office of the Company and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in
  the section “Corporate Information” in the annual report.

  The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are
  principally engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive services; (ii) management services;
  (iii) ambulatory surgery centre facilities services; (iv) ancillary medical services; (v) obstetrics,
  gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and (vi) sales of medical consumables and equipment.

  During the current year, as the underlying operations of the principal subsidiaries and the Company’s
  investments strategy became more diversified globally, which indicated by continuing expansion
  in People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and the Southeast Asia and early repaid 62% of the
  principal of its syndicated bank loans denominated in United States Dollars (“US$”), the directors of
  the Company (the “Directors”) revisited the functional currency of the Company. The Directors have
  considered that Renminbi (“RMB”) better reflects the economic environment and financing sources
  of the Company instead of US$, and therefore changed the functional currency of the Company from
  US$ from RMB prospectively from 1 January 2024.

  The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is also the functional currency of
  the Company.

2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
   STANDARDS
  New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective
  for the current year
  In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
  issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are
  mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation
  of the consolidated financial statements:

  Amendments to IFRS 16                          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
  Amendments to IAS 1                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
  Amendments to IAS 1                            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
  Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                 Supplier Finance Arrangements

  Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the
  current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the
  current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
         STANDARDS (Continued)
           Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as
           Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to IAS 1
           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year.

           The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to
           defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current
           or non-current, which:

           •     specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights
                 that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the classification should not
                 be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

           •     clarify that the settlement of a liability can be a transfer of cash, goods or services, or the entity’s
                 own equity instruments to the counterparty. If a liability has terms that could, at the option of the
                 counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these
                 terms do not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the
                 option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.

           For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on
           the compliance with covenants, the 2022 Amendments specifically clarify that only covenants that an
           entity is required to comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right
           to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date, even if compliance
           with the covenant is assessed only after the reporting date. The 2022 Amendments also specify
           that covenants with which an entity must comply after the reporting date (i.e. future covenants) do
           not affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current at the reporting date. However, if
           the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability is subject to the entity complying with covenants
           within twelve months after the reporting period, an entity discloses information that enables users of
           financial statements to understand the risk of the liabilities becoming repayable within twelve months
           after the reporting period. This would include information about the covenants, the carrying amount of
           related liabilities and facts and circumstances, if any, that indicate that the entity may have difficulties
           complying with the covenants.

           The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated
           financial statements.




118   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
   STANDARDS (Continued)
  New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
  that have been issued but are not yet effective:

  Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                         Financial Instruments3
  Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
  Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture1
  Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards              Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                         — Volume 113
  Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability2
  IFRS 18                                              Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

  1   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

  2   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.

  3   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.

  4   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


  Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the
  application of all other amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the
  consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

  IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
  IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on
  presentation and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
  Statements. This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements
  in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the
  statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures of management-defined performance measures in the
  notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be
  disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8
  and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are
  also made.

  IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on
  or after 1 January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is
  expected to affect the presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future
  financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the
  Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
                 Standards issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
                 statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
                 influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                 include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
                 Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                 In preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements, the Directors have carefully
                 considered the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current
                 liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB1,029,522,000. The Directors have given careful
                 consideration to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of
                 financing in assessing whether the Group will have sufficient financial sources to continue as a
                 going concern for a period of not less than twelve months from 31 December 2024.

                 As at 31 December 2024, the Group has unused banking facilities of approximately
                 RMB563,524,000, which is available for drawdown and utilisation in the course of ordinary
                 business from the date of the approval of these consolidated financial statements. Subsequent
                 to 31 December 2024 until the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements, the
                 Group has obtained additional banking facilities of approximately RMB100,000,000, which is
                 made available for the Group to utilise at the date of granting such facilities.

                 In addition, the Group has subsequently entered into a facility agreement amounted to
                 US$75,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB539,139,000) and Chinese Yuan Offshore
                 550,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB549,560,000), which is available for drawdown
                 and utilisation upon the completion of the facility registration with National Development
                 Committee and Reform Commission. The registration has yet to be completed up to the date of
                 approval of the consolidated financial statements.

                 Together with the Group’s cash flow projections which cover a period of not less than twelve
                 months from 31 December 2024, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group
                 will have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations that will be due in the coming twelve
                 months from 31 December 2024. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been
                 prepared on a going concern basis.

                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                 certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                 as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
                 goods and services.




120   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
      an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
      whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
      estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics
      of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account
      when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/
      or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
      basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-
      based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases,
      and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
      realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

      For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
      unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
      technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals
      the transaction price.

      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level
      1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable
      and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are
      described as follows:

      •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
           liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

      •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
           observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

      •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information
                 The principal accounting policies are set out below.

                 Basis of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                 entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
                 achieved when the Company:

                 •     has power over the investee;

                 •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                 •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
                 ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a
                 subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the
                 date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss on each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                 Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                 attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                 the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                 accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                 transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity
                 therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate
                 share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




122   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
      acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
      generating units (“CGUs”) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of
      the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
      management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

      A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
      annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
      arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill
      has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
      recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to
      reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
      based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

      The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

      Investments in associates and a joint venture
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is
      the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not
      control or joint control over those policies.

      A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
      arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the
      contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
      about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Investments in associates and a joint venture (Continued)
                 The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in
                 these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when
                 financial interests in these associates that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment for
                 applying the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. The financial
                 statements of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared
                 using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
                 similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture
                 is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted
                 thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                 of the associate or joint venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint
                 venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-
                 term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint
                 venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are
                 recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or
                 made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                 An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which
                 the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess
                 of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets
                 and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying
                 amount of the investment.

                 The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
                 joint venture accounted for using equity method may be impaired. When any objective evidence
                 exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment
                 in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
                 value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
                 loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying
                 amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
                 IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

                 When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and
                 losses resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the
                 consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture
                 that are not related to the Group.




124   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
      “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred
      to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
      distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the
      progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
      following criteria is met:

      •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
           performance as the Group performs;

      •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
           Group performs; or

      •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
           the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
      distinct good or service.

      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
      for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
      customer.

      The Group recognises revenue from the following major services:

      •    Assisted reproductive services and related services;

      •    Management services;

      •    Other medical services including gynecology and pediatrics medical services;

      •    Obstetrics medical services; and

      •    Sales of consumables and equipment.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Assisted reproductive services and related services
                 For assisted reproductive services, the customers normally receive the services which
                 contains various treatment components. It includes (i) consultation, (ii) revenue from sale of
                 pharmaceutical products, (iii) in vitro fertilisation (“IVF”) treatment cycle revenue, and (iv)
                 revenue from the ambulatory surgery centre facilities services, which are considered as separate
                 performance obligation for out-patient services as described below.

                 Consultation includes initial consultation, pre-IVF cycle testing, services after pregnancy
                 and other related services — these out-patient assisted reproductive medical services, are
                 transferred at a point of time. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of
                 the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the
                 consideration is probable.

                 Sale of pharmaceutical products — revenue is recognised when control of the products has
                 been transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customer and there is no
                 unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products.

                 IVF treatment cycle revenue — the usual period of an IVF treatment cycle typically lasts for
                 12–20 days. Relevant revenue of an IVF treatment cycle involves the performance of a series of
                 medical treatment and procedures that are not separately distinct and does not create benefits
                 to the patient with an alternative use after the IVF treatment cycle starts, and is recognised
                 over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of
                 that performance obligation. The progress towards the complete satisfaction of performance
                 obligation is measured by direct measurements of the value of individual services or product
                 transferred by the Group to the customer. Once the patient enters into a cycle, the Group has an
                 enforceable right to payment for the contracted price.

                 Revenue from the ambulatory surgery centre facilities services is recognised at a point in time
                 when the related services have been rendered. Revenue is recognised when the customer
                 obtains the control of the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and
                 the collection of the consideration is probable.




126   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
      Management services
      For IVF and fertility centers management services which the control of the service is transferred
      when the Group has provided the related services over the service period, the customer
      simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
      Group performs.

      Revenue from provision of IVF and fertility centers management services is recognised over the
      period in which the services are rendered.

      The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation in respect of the IVF
      and fertility centers management services contracts is measured based on output method, which
      is to recognise revenue based on time elapsed.

      Variable consideration
      For the management services arrangements that contain variable consideration, service fee
      is calculated based on pre-set formulas set out in the arrangements and subject to limitations
      primarily relating to the customer’s net income before tax, the Group estimates the amount of
      consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method.

      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
      extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue
      reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is
      subsequently resolved.

      At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price to
      represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes
      in circumstances during the reporting period.

      Other medical services including gynecology and pediatrics medical services, and obstetrics
      medical services
      Revenue from gynecology and pediatrics medical services, obstetrics medical services is
      recognised when the related services have been rendered and includes out-patient service and
      in-patient services.




                                                         Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Other medical services including gynecology and pediatrics medical services, and obstetrics
                 medical services (Continued)
                 Out-patient services
                 For out-patient services, the patient normally receives out-patient treatment which contains
                 various treatment components. Out-patient services contain more than one performance
                 obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale of pharmaceutical
                 products. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a
                 relative stand-alone selling price basis. Both (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale
                 of pharmaceutical products for which the control of services or pharmaceutical products is
                 transferred at a point in time, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of the
                 completed services or pharmaceutical products and the Group has present right to payment and
                 the collection of the consideration is probable.

                 In-patient services
                 For in-patient services, the customers normally receive in-patient treatment which contains
                 various treatment components. In-patient services contain more than one performance
                 obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services, (ii) provision of in-patient healthcare
                 services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products. The Group allocates the transaction price to
                 each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

                 For revenue from (i) provision of consultation services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products
                 for which control of pharmaceutical products is transferred at a point in time, revenue is
                 recognised when the customer obtains the control of the completed services or pharmaceutical
                 products and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is
                 probable.

                 For revenue from (ii) in-patient healthcare services, the corresponding revenue is recognised
                 over the service period when customers simultaneously received the services and consumes
                 the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs. The progress towards
                 complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method,
                 which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services
                 transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining healthcare services promised under
                 the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of services.




128   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
      Sales of medical consumables and equipment
      Revenue from sales of medical consumables and equipment is recognised at a point in time
      when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to
      the customer’s specific location.

      Leases
      Definition of a lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
      identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

      The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
      IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
      be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As a
      practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
      the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would
      not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

      The Group as a lessee
      Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term
      of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also
      applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term
      leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over
      the lease term.

      Right-of-use assets
      The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

      •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

      •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
           received; and

      •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                 Right-of-use assets (Continued)
                 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
                 losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

                 Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
                 useful life and the lease term.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.

                 Refundable rental deposits
                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                 Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
                 included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                 Lease liabilities
                 At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at
                 the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value
                 of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
                 date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                 The lease payments include:

                 •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                       receivable; and

                 •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the
                       index or rate as at the commencement date.

                 After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                 payments.

                 The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.




130   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Property, plant and equipment
      Property, plant and equipment that are held for use in the provision of services, or for
      administrative purposes are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
      subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      Properties in the course of construction for provision of services or administrative purposes
      are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly
      attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable
      of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
      related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in
      accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis
      as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in
      progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
      method. The estimated useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed at
      the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
      prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
      economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
      arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
      as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
      recognised in profit or loss.

      Intangible assets
      Intangible assets acquired separately
      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
      accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible
      assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated
      useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
      each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
      prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are
      carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
      Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
      incurred.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Intangible assets (Continued)
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (including licenses, trademarks,
                 contractual right to provide management services and non-compete agreement) are recognised
                 separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date
                 (which is regarded as their cost).

                 Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with
                 finite useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
                 impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
                 cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                 An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are
                 expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
                 asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount
                 of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

                 Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                 other than goodwill
                 At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                 and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine
                 whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
                 indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine
                 the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested
                 for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                 The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                 assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
                 individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

                 In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a
                 reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
                 to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
                 established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group of CGUs to which
                 the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or
                 group of CGUs.




132   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
      other than goodwill (Continued)
      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
      assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
      using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
      and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have
      not been adjusted.

      If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying
      amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For
      corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
      and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs,
      including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated
      to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the
      impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
      goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
      amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not
      reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use
      (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
      allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs.
      An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU
      or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
      the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
      determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of
      CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      Foreign currencies
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
      other than the functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
      prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
      denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
      monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
      retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
      monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Foreign currencies (Continued)
                 The change in functional currency of the Company was applied prospectively from the date of
                 change. All items were translated into RMB at the exchange rate on that date. The cumulative
                 currency translation differences which had arisen from the translation of foreign operations up to
                 the date of the change in functional currency were not reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                 until the disposal of the relevant operations.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of
                 a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated
                 at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences
                 arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 Bank balances and cash
                 Bank balances and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include
                 cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits.

                 For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist
                 of bank balances and cash as defined above and time deposits with originally maturity of three
                 months or less.

                 Inventories
                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are determined on a
                 weighted average cost method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
                 inventories less all costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
                 incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group
                 must incur to make the sale.

                 Financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
                 to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
                 assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
                 are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.




134   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts
      receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
      with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly
      attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
      financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are added to or deducted from the fair value
      of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
      costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
      recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
      financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
      The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
      payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest
      rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
      financial asset or financial liability or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying
      amount on initial recognition.

      Financial assets
      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
      cost:

      •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
           cash flows; and

      •    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
           principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition
      of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value
      of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held
      for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to
      which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.




                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                        measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the
                        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
                        assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets
                        that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                        the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                        period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                        financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning
                        of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                        impaired.

                 (ii)   Equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
                        Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                        gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                        income and accumulated in the reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment.

                 (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL
                        Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                        FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                        with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                        recognised in profit or loss is included in the “other gains and losses, net” line item.




136   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on
      financial assets (including bank balances and cash, time deposits, refundable deposits,
      accounts and other receivables, loan receivable and amounts due from related parties) which
      are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
      reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the
      expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the
      portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within
      12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical
      credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
      conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
      forecast of future conditions.

      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables. The ECL on these assets
      are assessed individually.

      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
      has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
      recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
      on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

      (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
            the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
            reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
            of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
            qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
            and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                       In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                       risk has increased significantly:

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                             available) or internal credit rating;

                       •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                             increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                       •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                             that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                             debt obligations;

                       •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; or

                       •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                             technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                             debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                       Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                       risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
                       more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                       that demonstrates otherwise.

                       The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                       has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                       the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                       becomes past due.




138   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
      (ii)   Definition of default
             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
             information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
             is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
             collaterals held by the Group).

             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
             asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
             information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

      (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
             on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
             financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                   borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                   lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                   reorganisation.

      (iv) Write-off policy
             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
             counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
             for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
             bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
             activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
             appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any recoveries made are
             recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
                       The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                       the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                       of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-
                       looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                       amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                       Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                       the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                       receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                       Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                       unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                       based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                       The Group recognises an impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                       adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts receivables where the
                       corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                 from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                 asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised
                 in profit or loss.

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
                 accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial
                 liability and an equity instrument.




140   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
      Equity instruments
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
      after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
      the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
      equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation
      of the Company’s own equity instruments.

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities including accounts and other payables, loan payables, amounts due to
      related parties and bank borrowing are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
      effective interest method.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
      discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the
      financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or
      loss.

      Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
      assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
      intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
      substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

      All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Government grants
                 Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
                 comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                 Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
                 which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
                 compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should
                 purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income
                 included in accounts and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                 transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
                 assets.

                 Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or
                 losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group
                 with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become
                 receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

                 Employee benefits
                 Retirement benefit costs
                 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including government-managed
                 retirement benefit schemes, are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
                 service entitling them to the contributions.

                 Short-term employee benefits
                 Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
                 expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee
                 benefits are recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of
                 the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and
                 annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




142   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Share-based payments
      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
      Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) to employees
      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
      measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

      The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
      taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
      over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
      vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based payment reserve).
      At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
      instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
      The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such
      that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
      the equity-settled share-based payment reserve.

      When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-
      based payments reserve will be transferred to share premium.

      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
      before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
      items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
      tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
      and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
      the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
      temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
      differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
      those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
      are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than
      in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the
      taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to
      equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not
      recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)

           3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                 Taxation (Continued)
                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
                 investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in a joint venture, except where the
                 Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
                 temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising
                 from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
                 recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
                 which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the
                 foreseeable future.

                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                 reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
                 to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                 period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws)
                 that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                 The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                 follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to
                 recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
                 recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
                 whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                 For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
                 Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The
                 Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable
                 that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be
                 utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
                 current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to
                 the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

                 Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
                 are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current
                 and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
                 respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business
                 combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.




144   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
  (Continued)

  3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
      Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
      result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and
      a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

      The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to
      settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and
      uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows
      estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash
      flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      Contingent liabilities
      A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised
      because it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
      be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with
      sufficient reliability.

      Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
      expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in
      the consolidated financial statements.

      The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying
      economics benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future
      economic benefits will be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a
      provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which
      the change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable
      estimate can be made.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the Directors are required to make judgements,
           estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
           apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
           experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
           estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an-ongoing basis. Revisions to
           accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
           affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
           current and future periods.

           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
           Directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
           most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

           Contractual arrangements
           According to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative
           List) (2018) (“Negative List”), medical institutions fall within the “restricted” investment category, and
           therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments, and foreign investments are restricted to the
           form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint venture. In view of the foreign ownership
           restriction, the provision of private specialised medical services is subject to foreign investment
           restriction in accordance with the Negative List.

           Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd (“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”, previously known as Chengdu
           Xinan Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd), Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women
           & Children Hospital Co., Ltd (“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”, previously known as Sichuan Jinxin
           Women and Children Hospital Co., Ltd.), Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd (“Yunan Jiuzhou
           Hospital”), and Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Kunming
           Hewanjia Hospital”) (collectively referred to as “VIE Entities”) were established under the laws of the
           PRC. The Group does not directly own 100% equity interests in the VIE Entities. Chengdu Xinan Clinic
           is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”)
           as to 90% and Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinrun Fude”) as to 10%.
           Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 70%, Jinrun Fude as
           to 29.90% and another shareholder for the remaining. Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital is currently held
           by Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinyi Hongkang”) as to 100%. Yunnan
           Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to
           66.50% and Jinrun Fude as to 30% respectively and another shareholder for the remaining.




146   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
  Contractual arrangements (Continued)
  Through the shareholdings and the contractual arrangements as mentioned, the Group has acquired
  (i) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and has
  become entitled to all the economic benefits from its operations; (ii) effective control over the financial
  and operational policies of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and has become entitled to 99.90% of
  the economic benefits from its operations; (iii) effective control over the financial and operational
  policies of Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital and has become entitled to all the economic benefits from
  its operations; and (iv) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Yunnan Jiuzhou
  hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital and become entitled to 96.50% of the economic benefits
  from each operation. The Directors believe that the contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored
  as they are used to enable the Group to conduct businesses in industries that are subject to foreign
  investment restrictions in the PRC.

  Control over the IVF fertility centers and clinics under IVF specialty collaboration
  agreements and management services agreement (“MSA”)
  The Group entered into a series of IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA with certain
  IVF and fertility centers and clinics that were controlled by Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment
  Management Group Co., Ltd., (“Chengdu Jinxin Investment”), Huntington Reproductive Centre
  Medical Group (“HRC Medical”) and University of Southern California (“USC”), which the Group
  agrees to manage and operate the centers and clinics and receive performance-based fees in which
  the terms will automatically be renewed indefinitely unless terminated. The management assessed
  whether or not the Group has control over these centers and clinics through the IVF specialty
  collaboration agreements and MSA based on whether the Group has the practical ability to direct
  the relevant activities of the center and clinics unilaterally. In making their judgement, the Directors
  considered the composition of the internal governance bodies and controlling parties which oversee
  the operations of the centers and clinics. After assessment, the Directors concluded that the Group
  does not obtain the decision making power over these bodies and committees to direct the relevant
  activities of the centers. Accordingly, the Group does not control and thus does not consolidate those
  centers and clinics. Instead, these agreements are considered as management contracts to generate
  management service income. Details of the revenue generated from these management contracts are
  set out in Note 5.

  Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services
  The Group determines the useful life of the trademarks for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the
  trademarks for HRC Medical held by HRC Fertility Management, LLC (“HRC Management”),
  the trademarks for Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively refer to as
  “Jinxin Women Group”), the trademarks for JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and
  its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Jinxin Medical Group”), and the trademarks for
  Guangzhou Yunzhicai Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yunzhicai”), Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital
  Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Kangzhi”), Guangzhou Hejia Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
  (“Guangzhou Hejia”) and their subsidiaries (collectively refer to as “Kunming Group”) to be indefinite
  considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
  when renewing the trademarks.


                                                             Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services (Continued)
           The Directors are of the opinion that the Group will renew the trademarks continuously and has the
           ability to do so. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the Directors to have an indefinite
           useful life and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they
           will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. As
           at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of the trademarks are RMB2,682,046,000 (31 December
           2023: RMB2,664,197,000), with details set out in Note 21.

           The Directors determine the useful life of the contractual right to provide management services to
           be indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the rights (including the
           extension of the service contracts upon their maturity automatically for one additional year on each
           anniversary date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of
           such contractual right to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for
           the Group indefinitely and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at
           31 December 2024, the carrying amount of the contractual right to provide management services is
           RMB2,026,410,000 (31 December 2023: RMB1,996,613,000), with details set out in Note 20.

           Useful life of a license
           The Group determines the useful life of the license for Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite
           considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
           when renewing the license.

           The Directors determine the useful life of the license for human assisted reproduction services in
           Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite. The Directors determine the useful life of the license to be
           indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the license (including the
           extension of the license upon its maturity automatically for one additional year on each anniversary
           date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of such license
           to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group indefinitely
           and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at 31 December 2024, the
           carrying amount of the license is RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2023: RMB40,166,000), with details
           set out in Note 18.

           Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options
           The Group applies judgment to determine the lease term for lease contracts in which it is a lessee
           that include extension option, specifically, the leases relating to the clinics in the United States of
           America (“U.S.A.”).

           The assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise extension options impacts
           the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets
           recognised. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either a significant event or
           a significant change in circumstances that is within the control of lessee and that affects the
           assessment.




148   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
  Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options (Continued)
  When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances
  including economic incentives/penalties for exercising or not exercising the options. Factors
  considered include:

  •    contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared with market rates (e.g.
       whether the amount of payments in the optional periods is below the market rates);

  •    the extent of leasehold improvements undertaken by Group; and

  •    costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of identifying another
       underlying asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

  The Directors consider the Group has significant economic incentive in those clinics and therefore is
  reasonably certain for the Group to exercise such options in order to operate the clinics until the end
  of the useful lives of the related property, plant and equipment.

  Key sources of estimation uncertainty
  The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
  uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
  adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

  Estimated impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life
  Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets comprising contractual right to provide
  management services, trademarks and license with indefinite useful life is impaired requires
  an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill and
  intangible assets with indefinite useful life has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use
  or fair value less costs of disposal. The Group’s management, with the support of an independent
  valuer (as necessary), establishes the impairment assessment model and prepares a value-in-use
  calculation to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU (or group of CGUs),
  taking into account key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-
  tax discount rate. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts
  and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment
  loss may arise. As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of goodwill is RMB3,506,618,000 (31
  December 2023: RMB3,495,983,000) and that of intangible assets comprising (i) contractual right
  to provide management services is RMB2,026,410,000 (31 December 2023: RMB1,996,613,000),
  (ii) trademarks of RMB2,682,046,000 (31 December 2023: RMB2,664,197,000) and (iii) licenses with
  indefinite useful life of RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2023: RMB40,166,000). Details are set out in
  Note 22.




                                                            Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Useful lives, depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment, licenses and
           non-compete agreement
           The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges
           for its property, plant and equipment, licenses and non-compete agreement. This estimate is based
           on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
           nature and functions and management’s expectation on the useful lives of the licenses and non-
           compete agreement based on industry practice and regulatory landscapes. Management will
           increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than
           previously estimated. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review
           could result in a change in depreciable/amortisation lives and therefore depreciation/amortisation
           expense in future periods.

           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB2,811,993,000
           (31 December 2023: RMB2,595,241,000), net of accumulated depreciation of RMB639,067,000 (31
           December 2023: RMB490,771,000). Details are set out in Note 15.

           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of licenses with finite lives was RMB1,446,107,000
           (31 December 2023: RMB1,490,982,000), net of accumulated amortisation of RMB208,714,000 (31
           December 2023: RMB163,839,000). Details are set out in Note 18.

           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of non-compete agreement with finite lives was
           RMB18,186,000 (31 December 2023: RMB19,174,000), net of accumulated amortisation of
           RMB4,780,000 (31 December 2023: RMB3,300,000). Details are set out in Note 19.




150   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
  Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive and related
  services, management services, other medical services including gynecology and pediatrics medical
  services, obstetrics medical services, and sales of consumables and equipment, net of discounts.

  During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s revenue is mainly contributed
  from its operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the U.S.A. and Hong Kong Special
  Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”).

  Information reported to the chief executive officer, being the chief operating decision maker
  (“CODM”), for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
  focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM is
  categorised into various jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating segment
  by the CODM.

  The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are operations
  located in the Mainland China and Hong Kong (“Greater China”), and the U.S.A. and Lao People’s
  Democratic Republic (“Laos”) (collectively referred to as “Overseas”) during the years ended 31
  December 2024 and 2023. The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by
  operating and reportable segments.




                                                         Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                   Greater China   Overseas    Consolidated
                                                                        RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


           Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers                   2,207,206    604,390       2,811,596

           Segment profit (loss)                                        608,435      (3,917)        604,518

           Unallocated administrative expenses                                                      (93,857)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                        (47,285)
           Certain exchange loss, net                                                               (24,820)
           Fair value changes of investments in preferred shares
             measured at FVTPL                                                                       (7,052)
           Certain interest income from banks                                                           328
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                                   753
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                       (40,698)

           Profit before taxation                                                                   391,887


           For the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                                                   Greater China   Overseas    Consolidated
                                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


           Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers                   2,218,608    570,302       2,788,910

           Segment profit                                               635,897       9,540         645,437

           Unallocated administrative expenses                                                      (85,674)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                        (53,430)
           Certain exchange gain, net                                                                 4,180
           Certain interest income from banks                                                           185
           Interest income from time deposits                                                         9,945
           Interest on convertible bonds                                                             (1,310)
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                       (55,065)

           Profit before taxation                                                                   464,268




152   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.
   Segment profit (loss) represents the profit before taxation for each respective segment excluding
   unallocated administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses), share-based compensation
   benefits, certain net exchange loss, fair value changes of investments in preferred shares measured
   at FVTPL, certain interest income resulted from the corporate bank balances (including time
   deposits), and certain interest on bank borrowing (2023: excluding unallocated administrative
   expenses (including the corporate expenses), share-based compensation benefits, certain net
   exchange gain, certain interest income resulted from the corporate bank balances (including time
   deposits), interest on convertible bonds, and certain interest on bank borrowing).

   Segment assets and liabilities
   The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
   asset and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for
   the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue
   and segment results are presented.

   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


   Types of services
   Assisted reproductive and related services                            1,440,302             1,443,918
   Management services                                                     544,799               565,619
   Other medical services including gynecology and
     pediatrics medical services                                           380,071                389,591
   Obstetrics medical services                                             324,989                274,972
   Sales of consumables and equipment                                      121,435                114,810


   Total                                                                 2,811,596             2,788,910


                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


   Timing of revenue recognition
   A point in time recognition                                           1,522,095             1,490,481
   Over time recognition                                                 1,289,501             1,298,429
   Total                                                                 2,811,596             2,788,910


   All services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
   allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed. The Group applies the practical expedient
   of not disclosing the information about its remaining performance obligation when the performance
   obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Geographical information
           At 31 December 2024, the non-current assets located in the Greater China, and Overseas amounted
           to RMB9,070,095,000 and RMB4,362,767,000 respectively (31 December 2023: RMB9,120,200,000
           and RMB4,110,042,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at 31 December 2024 exclude equity
           instrument at FVTOCI, loan receivable, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable deposits, deferred
           tax assets and amounts due from related parties-non-current (31 December 2023: exclude loan
           receivable, financial assets at FVTPL, refundable deposits, deferred tax assets and amounts due from
           related parties — non-current).

           Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
           Group are as follows:

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


           Overseas:
           HRC Medical                                                             468,891           444,627


      6. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


           Imputed interest income from related parties                                205                 22
           Interest income from banks                                                5,257             10,738
           Interest income from time deposits                                        2,014              9,945
           Government grants                                                        12,335             32,553
           Consulting service income                                                 4,165              6,158
           Others                                                                   11,105             17,782


                                                                                    35,081             77,198




154   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




7. OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


  Donations                                                                                –                   30
  Compensations (Note)                                                                 1,744               31,347
  Others                                                                               3,150                   62


                                                                                       4,894               31,439

  Note: During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group actively sought conciliation on certain litigations and
        legal claims brought by former patients and employees in the USA. Based on the agreed conciliation or recent
        constructive developments, an amount of RMB31,347,000 was recognised in the profit or loss during the year
        ended 31 December 2023, in which RMB17,359,000 was settled during the year ended 31 December 2023 and the
        remaining amount of RMB13,988,000 was settled during the year ended 31 December 2024.


8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


  Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                           (64)               (1,066)
  Exchange (loss) gain, net                                                         (24,173)                 3,988
  Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                                2,158                  6,124
  Fair value change of investments in preferred shares measured
    at FVTPL                                                                          (7,052)                   –
  Gain on early termination of leases                                                    104                1,047
  Others                                                                               1,398                2,635


                                                                                    (27,629)               12,728


9. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


  Interest on bank borrowing (Note)                                                   40,698               59,673
  Interest on convertible bonds                                                            –                1,310
  Interest on lease liabilities                                                       16,708               18,658


                                                                                      57,406               79,641




                                                                 Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      9. FINANCE COSTS (Continued)
           Note:

                                                                                       2024         2023
                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000


           Total borrowing cost                                                      122,462      169,864
           Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                     (81,764)    (110,191)

                                                                                      40,698      59,673


           Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the specific borrowings.

      10. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                                     2024          2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


           Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

           Auditor’s remuneration                                                     5,799        4,300
           Employee benefit expense
            (including directors’ remuneration) (Note 12)
             – salaries, allowances and other benefits                             771,577      752,908
             – retirement benefit schemes contributions                             97,691       83,639
             – share-based compensation benefits                                    47,285       53,430


           Total staff costs                                                       916,553      889,977


           Cost of inventories recognised as expenses (representing
             pharmaceutical products and consumables used,
             included in cost of revenue)                                          757,425      753,297
           Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative expenses)           44,875       45,028
           Amortisation of non-compete agreement (included in
             administrative expenses)                                                1,480        1,459
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                           157,123      155,062
           Depreciation of right-of use assets                                      78,038       88,353
           Less: capitalised in building under construction                         (3,715)      (3,715)
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognised
             in profit and loss                                                      74,323      84,638




156   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


  Current tax:
    PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                      112,130                 103,966
    (Over)/under provision in respect of prior year                        (14,136)                  3,355
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                    3,443                   4,364
   California State Income Tax                                                 159                     183


                                                                           101,596                 111,868

  Withholding tax                                                               3,586               21,480

  Deferred tax:
    Current year (Note 36)                                                     13,238              (16,063)


                                                                           118,420                 117,285


  The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries
  incorporated in the BVI are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI from a BVI tax perspective.

  Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for years 2024 and
  2023.

  Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations
  of the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Company operating in the PRC is 25%,
  except for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western Region”
  and eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are tax residents
  in the PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC tax resident
  immediate holding Company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed earnings are
  declared to be paid as dividends out of profits that arose on or after 1 January 2008.

  Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing 21% of the
  applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State Income Tax
  rate for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 for their operations in the U.S.A.

  Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect
  of temporary differences attributable to the retained profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
  approximately RMB1,147,074,000 as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB968,646,000),
  as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
  probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




                                                          Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)
           The income tax expenses for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Profit before taxation                                                 391,887           464,268


           Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                               97,972          116,067
           Tax effect of share of results of associates                               (978)          (1,277)
           Tax effect of share of results of a joint venture                          (310)              40
           Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                    1,706            1,224
           (Over)/under provision in respect of prior year                         (14,136)           3,355
           Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                         (6,044)          (2,494)
           Tax effect of research and development expense
             additional deduction                                                   (6,666)           (3,795)
           Effect of tax exemption and concessions granted to
             PRC subsidiaries                                                      (55,126)          (54,065)
           Tax effect of deductible temporary differences previously
             not recognised                                                              –           (13,330)
           Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognized                        (216)           (4,010)
           Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
             other jurisdictions                                                   (5,033)              (327)
           Withholding tax on interest income among subsidiaries                    3,586             21,480
           Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                  103,665             54,417


           Income tax expenses                                                    118,420           117,285


           At the end of the reporting period, the Group has accumulated unused tax losses of
           RMB1,367,268,000 (2023: RMB944,886,000), subject to approval of relevant tax authorities, available
           for offset against future profits and recognised accumulated tax losses of RMB463,320,000 (2023:
           RMB454,734,000) as deferred tax asset. The unrecognised tax losses of RMB159,834,000 (2023:
           RMB66,083,000) will expire in various years before 2029 (2023: 2028) and other unrecognised tax
           losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




158   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (a) Directors and the chief executive
      Details of the emoluments paid or payable to executive directors and chief executive of the
      Company for the year for his services rendered to the entities comprising the Group are as
      follows:

                                                                                    Performance-  Retirement
                                                       Share-based                        related      benefit
                                                      compensation     Salaries and     incentive   schemes
                                                Fees       benefits     allowances    payments* contributions        Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      Chairman and chief executive director
      Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                           –         4,540          1,217         1,229            16        7,002
      Executive directors:
      Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                            –             –            439             –             8          447
      Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                             –         3,773          1,015         1,813            88        6,689
      Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                         –           418            866           527            53        1,864
      Dr. John G. Wilcox                            –         4,727              –             –             –        4,727
      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                             –             –             –             –              –           –
      Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                               –             –             –             –              –           –
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                        –             –           914             –             82         996
      Independent non-executive directors:
      Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                      274             –             –             –              –         274
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                       274             –             –             –              –         274
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                   274             –             –             –              –         274
      Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                        274             –             –             –              –         274


                                                1,096        13,458          4,451         3,569           247       22,821




                                                                      Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

           (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                                                                                                     Performance-      Retirement
                                                                       Share-based                         related         benefit
                                                                      compensation    Salaries and       incentive      schemes
                                                            Fees           benefits    allowances      payments*     contributions      Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                 Chairman and chief executive director
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                              –          3,509          1,231           1,432              16       6,188
                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                               –          2,871          1,145           1,713              15      5,744
                 Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                                –          2,871          1,139           1,691              69      5,770
                 Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                            –            318          1,237             205              48      1,808
                 Dr. John G. Wilcox                               –         16,191              –               –               –     16,191
                 Non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                               –                –             –               –               –          –
                 Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                                 –                –             –               –               –          –
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                         50                –           823               –              92        965
                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                        271                –             –               –               –        271
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                         271                –             –               –               –        271
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                     271                –             –               –               –        271
                 Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                          271                –             –               –               –        271


                                                              1,134         25,760          5,575           5,041             240     37,750

                 *      Performance-related incentive payments is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the
                        relevant individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.


                 The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with
                 the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
                 emoluments shown above were for their services as Directors and its subsidiaries, if applicable.
                 The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
                 Directors.

                 There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
                 waive any remuneration during the year.




160   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)

  (b) Employees
      The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included two directors for the year
      ended 31 December 2024 (2023: three directors). Details of the remuneration for the year of the
      remaining three (2023: two) who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as
      follows:

                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


      Salaries and allowances                                                  19,872               17,537
      Performance-related incentive payments                                    1,337                3,333
      Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                     70                   94
      Share-based compensation benefits                                         3,514                2,509


                                                                               24,793               23,473


      The number of the highest paid employees (including directors) whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                2024                  2023


      Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                           1                      –
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                  –                      1
      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                  1                      1
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                  1                      –
      HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                  1                      –
      HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                  –                      1
      HK$15,000,001 to HK$15,500,000                                                1                      –
      HK$17,000,001 to HK$17,500,000                                                –                      1
      HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                                –                      1


                                                                                    5                      5


      During the year, certain non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees were
      granted restricted share unit awards, in respect of their services to the Group under the RSU
      Scheme of the Company. Details of the restricted share award (“Restricted Share Award”) are
      set out in Note 39 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

      During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the Directors, or the five highest paid
      individuals (including the Directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining
      the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the director of the Group nor the five
      highest paid individual waived any emoluments during the year.




                                                          Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
             recognised as distribution during the year:
           2023 final — HK5.95 cents (2023: 2022 final — Nil) (Note)                          150,000                       –

           Note: A final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HK5.95 cents (equivalent to RMB5 cents)
                 per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB150,000,000 (2023: Nil), has been proposed by the Directors
                 and approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting held on 25 June 2024.

                 Except for the final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, no other dividend was paid or
                 proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2024, nor has any dividend been proposed since the
                 end of the reporting period.


      14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is
           based on the following data:

                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Earnings
           Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                      283,099               344,723
           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
             – Interest on convertible bonds                                                          –               1,310
             – Exchange gain on convertible bonds                                                     –             (10,853)


           Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                      283,099               335,180




162   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                    ’000                  ’000


   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purpose of basic earnings per share                                     2,680,805             2,676,019
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
     – Restricted Shares Units (“RSUs”) issued by the Company                     38,377               29,937
     – Convertible bonds issued by the Company                                         –               29,831


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
    the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                2,719,182             2,735,787


   For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   for the purpose of calculation of basic earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary
   shares held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme by the RSU Scheme’s Nominee as described in
   Note 39 and the effect of the ordinary shares issued by the Company as described in Note 38.

   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
   purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of assumption
   of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from restricted shares (2023: the
   weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per
   share has been adjusted for the effect of assumption of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary
   shares arising from restricted shares and the conversion of the Company’s outstanding convertible
   bonds).




                                                             Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                   Office
                                                                                              equipment,
                                                                  Leasehold       Medical       furniture     Motor     Construction
                                                   Buildings   improvements    equipment     and fixtures   vehicles     in progress      Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2023                        813,043         306,259       244,388        119,373       7,863       1,459,885    2,950,811
           Additions                                      –          16,903        62,737         23,892         999         155,995      260,526
           Disposals/write-off                            –               –      (113,321)       (16,276)       (511)              –     (130,108)
           Reclassification                               –          29,677         6,007          2,661           –         (38,345)           –
           Exchange realignment                           –           2,427           626            413           –           1,317        4,783
           At 31 December 2023                      813,043         355,266       200,437        130,063       8,351       1,578,852    3,086,012


           Additions                                      –          20,249        39,904         14,710         721         296,956     372,540
           Disposals/write-off                            –            (467)      (10,805)          (712)       (184)              –     (12,168)
           Reclassification                          20,386             246            38              –           –         (20,670)          –
           Exchange realignment                           –           2,718         1,075            746           4             133       4,676


           At 31 December 2024                      833,429         378,012      230,649         144,807       8,892       1,855,271    3,451,060


           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2023                        160,084          89,338      126,302          42,109       3,222               –     421,055
           Provided for the year                     42,114          42,910       42,796          25,473       1,769               –     155,062
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off              –               –      (78,429)         (8,913)       (492)              –     (87,834)
           Exchange realignment                           –           1,667          470             351           –               –       2,488
           At 31 December 2023                      202,198         133,915       91,139          59,020       4,499               –     490,771


           Provided for the year                     41,825          47,475       39,529          26,878       1,416               –     157,123
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off              –             (90)      (9,478)           (508)       (175)              –     (10,251)
           Exchange realignment                           –             647           86             691           –               –       1,424


           At 31 December 2024                      244,023         181,947      121,276          86,081       5,740               –     639,067


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2023                      610,845         221,351      109,298          71,043       3,852       1,578,852    2,595,241


           At 31 December 2024                      589,406         196,065      109,373          58,726       3,152       1,855,271    2,811,993




164   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           Annual Report 2024
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   Note:

   Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than construction in
   progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method and at the following rates per annum:

   Buildings                                    5%
   Leasehold improvements                       10% to 20% or lease term, whichever is shorter
   Medical equipment                            10% to 15%
   Office equipment, furniture and fixtures     20%
   Motor vehicles                               20%


16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                       Leasehold          Leased
                                                            land       properties       Equipment           Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


   As at 1 January 2024
   Carrying amount                                        166,836          353,264               8,104      528,204


   As at 31 December 2024
   Carrying amount                                        163,122          289,838               5,949      458,909


   For the year ended 31 December 2024
   Depreciation charge                                       3,715          72,068               2,255       78,038


   For the year ended 31 December 2023
   Depreciation charge                                       3,715          82,952               1,686       88,353




                                                                   Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Expense relating to short-term leases                                           2,990              1,310
           Expense relating to lease of low-value assets, excluding
             short-term leases of low-value assets                                           71                 224
           Total cash outflow for leases                                                116,821              85,260
           Additions to right-of-use assets                                               7,085              59,473


           During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group leases various clinics, offices,
           hospital, equipment and land use right for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed
           term of 2 to 50 years (2023: 2 to 50 years), but may have extension options as described below.
           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
           conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period,
           the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
           enforceable.

           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for property. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023,
           the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
           lease expense disclosed above.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group early terminated one lease in U.S.A. which
           right-of-use assets of approximately RMB426,000 has been de-recognised (2023: the Group early
           terminated one lease in Laos which right-of-use assets of approximately RMB12,152,000 has been
           de-recognised).




166   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
   Extension options
   The Group has extension options in a number of leases for leased properties in the U.S.A.. These
   are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
   operations. The majority of extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the
   respective lessors.

   The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the
   extension options. The potential exposures to these future lease payments for extension options in
   which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise is summarised below:

                                                               Potential                               Potential
                                                            future lease                           future lease
                                                 Lease        payments               Lease            payments
                                             liabilities not included in          liabilities   not included in
                                           recognised lease liabilities         recognised      lease liabilities
                                                  as at (undiscounted)                as at     (undiscounted)
                                                  2024              2024              2023                 2023
                                              RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


   Clinics — U.S.A.                             65,159           131,885             73,599            131,775
   Office — U.S.A.                              11,058            17,820             13,490             17,558


   In addition, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option
   upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is
   within the control of the lessee. During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there is no
   such triggering event.

   Leases committed
   As at 31 December 2024, the Group entered into a new lease for a clinic in the U.S.A. that is not
   yet commenced with non-cancellable period of 10.5 years with extension options, the total future
   undiscounted cash flows under which amounted to approximately US$15,192,000 (equivalent to
   approximately RMB109,206,000) over the non-cancellable period (2023: Nil).

   The lease agreements do not impose any covenants and the relevant leased assets may not be used
   as security for borrowing purposes.

   Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 35.




                                                               Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2023                                                                3,484,725
           Exchange realignment                                                                11,258


           At 31 December 2023                                                              3,495,983
           Exchange realignment                                                                10,635


           At 31 December 2024                                                              3,506,618


           Particulars regarding impairment testing on goodwill are disclosed in Note 22.

      18. LICENSES
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and 2024                                     1,694,987


           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2023                                                                 118,811
           Provided for the year                                                              45,028


           At 31 December 2023                                                               163,839
           Provided for the year                                                              44,875


           At 31 December 2024                                                               208,714


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2023                                                              1,531,148


           At 31 December 2024                                                              1,486,273




168   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




18. LICENSES (Continued)
   At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the carrying amount of RMB1,486,273,000 (2023: RMB1,531,148,000)
   of licenses mainly comprises of licenses in Shenzhen, Laos, Wuhan, Chengdu and Kunming.

   Notes:

   a.   License with finite useful life in Shenzhen

        The amount is determined based on the acquisition-date fair value of the medical practice license (“Medical
        Practice License”) upon the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital on 31 January 2017. Based on the
        capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice
        License and the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Shenzhen
        Zhongshan Hospital to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry
        practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 2.4 years
        at date of acquisition and is renewable every 5 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 32.4 years at its
        acquisition in January 2017.

   b.   License with indefinite useful life in Laos

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinrui
        Medical Center with a consideration of RMB40,166,000 on 29 February 2020. The license has a legal life of one
        year but is renewable every year at minimal cost. The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the
        license continuously and has the ability to do so. The license is considered by the management of the Group to
        have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be
        amortised until its useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead it is tested for impairment annually and whenever
        there is an indication that it may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the license acquired are
        disclosed in Note 22.

   c.   License with finite useful life in Wuhan

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Wuhan
        Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,. Ltd (“Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”) on 14 July 2020. Based
        on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical
        Practice License and the passing of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Wuhan
        Jinxin Hospital to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice
        to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 9.5 years at date of
        acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 39.5 years at its acquisition in
        July 2020.

   d.   License with finite useful life in Chengdu

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinxin
        Medical Group on 26 November 2021. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring
        significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Jinxin Medical Group to maintain
        certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous
        renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 10.1 years at date of acquisition and is
        renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 40.1 years at its acquisition in November 2021.

   e.   License with finite useful life in Kunming

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Kunming
        Group on 13 July 2022. Based on the capabilities and successful history without incurring significant expenses on
        the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Kunming Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe that
        it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License,
        which has a legal life of 6 years at date of acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated
        useful life of 36 years at its acquisition in July 2022.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      19. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT
                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2023                                 22,153
           Exchange realignment                                 321


           At 31 December 2023                               22,474
           Exchange realignment                                 492


           At 31 December 2024                               22,966


           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2023                                  1,841
           Provided for the year                              1,459
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2023                                3,300
           Provided for the year                              1,480
           Exchange realignment                                   *


           At 31 December 2024                                4,780


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2023                               19,174


           At 31 December 2024                               18,186

           *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.




170   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




20. CONTRACTUAL RIGHT TO PROVIDE MANAGEMENT SERVICES
                                                                                                    RMB’000


  COST
  At 1 January 2023                                                                                1,963,321
  Exchange realignment                                                                                33,292


  At 31 December 2023                                                                              1,996,613
  Exchange realignment                                                                                29,797


  At 31 December 2024                                                                              2,026,410


  Contractual right to provide management services was acquired through the acquisition of HRC
  Management and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “HRC Management Group”) on 24
  December 2018.

  Contractual right to provide management services represents the MSA with HRC Medical for a period
  of 20 years which will automatically be extended for one additional year on each anniversary date
  unless terminated.

  On 22 January 2019, the overall management service arrangement was reviewed by the Group and,
  among others, the MSA was replaced with the new MSA (“New MSA”) to optimise the overall business
  arrangement. The scope of service under the MSA and the New MSA generally remains the same.
  Under the New MSA, the management fee is equal to 90% of all gross revenue of HRC Medical
  accrued during the preceding month, subject to adjustment stated in the New MSA. The New MSA
  has a term of 20 years commencing from 1 January 2019 and shall automatically extend for one
  additional year on each anniversary date unless terminated.

  Contractual right to provide management services is considered by the management of the Group to
  have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and
  will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it is tested for impairment
  annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding
  impairment testing are disclosed in Note 22.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      21. TRADEMARKS
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2023 (Note)                                                                                   2,644,863
           Exchange realignment                                                                                          19,334


           At 31 December 2023                                                                                        2,664,197
           Exchange realignment                                                                                          17,849


           At 31 December 2024                                                                                        2,682,046

           Note:

           The Group’s trademarks as at 1 January 2023 were acquired through the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital,
           HRC Management Group, an asset acquisition in the U.S.A., Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group and Kunming
           Group on 31 January 2017, 24 December 2018, 25 September 2020, 5 September 2021, 26 November 2021 and 13
           July 2022, respectively. The trademark acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has a legal life of 10 years but is
           renewable every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks of HRC Medical from the acquisition of HRC Management
           Group have legal lives of 10 years and are renewable for same consecutive period six months before expiry at minimal
           cost, the trademark acquired from an asset acquisition in the U.S.A. for the use of HRC Management Group has legal
           life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks acquired from Jinxin Women Group
           has a legal life of one year but is renewable every year at minimal cost and the trademark acquired from Jinxin Medical
           Group and Kunming Group have a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost.

           The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to do so.
           The trademarks are considered by the management of the Group to have an indefinite useful life because they are
           expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined
           to be finite. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the aggregate value of the
           trademarks as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach, which is, among others,
           based on the projected cash flows generated from the use of their respective trademarks. The estimated future cash
           flows involves key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. These
           trademarks are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars
           regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
           an asset acquisition in U.S.A., Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group and Kunming Group are disclosed in Note 22.




172   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
  trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement acquired set out in Notes 17, 20, 21, 18 and 19,
  respectively, have been allocated to seven (2023: seven) individual CGUs and a group of CGUs
  (2023: a group of CGUs). The carrying amounts of goodwill, contractual right to provide management
  services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement as at 31 December 2024 and 2023
  allocated to these CGUs are as follows:

                                                                     Contractual
                                                                   right to provide
                                                                    management                                                                  Non-compete
                                            Goodwill                  services                 Trademarks                Licenses                agreement
                                        as at 31 December        as at 31 December         as at 31 December        as at 31 December         as at 31 December
                                          2024          2023        2024           2023       2024          2023       2024          2023       2024         2023
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital          221,637     221,637             –              –    246,900     246,900      322,353       335,508          –              –
  HRC Management Group                 631,990     622,697      2,026,410   1,996,613     1,124,951   1,108,410           –              –         –              –
  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital                118,865     118,865             –              –          –             –    332,824       342,329          –              –
  Jinrui Medical Center                      –              –          –              –          –             –     40,166         40,166         –              –
  Jinxin Women Group                    62,639         61,297          –              –     61,026      59,718            –              –    18,186      19,174
  Jinxin Medical Group                1,953,063   1,953,063            –              –    940,073     940,073      480,219       493,182          –              –
  Kunming Group                        470,973     470,973             –              –    309,096     309,096      310,711       319,963          –              –
  Sichuan Jinxin Reproductive Life
      and Health Research Co., Ltd.
      (“Yongshenghengfu”)*              47,451         47,451          –              –          –             –          –              –         –              –


                                      3,506,618   3,495,983     2,026,410   1,996,613     2,682,046   2,664,197    1,486,273     1,531,148    18,186      19,174


  *        The goodwill acquired by the Group during the business combination of Yongshenghengfu on 22 December 2022
           has, from the acquisition date, been allocated to a group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the business combination. The group of CGUs includes Jinxin Medical Group and Chengdu Xinan Clinic
           (collectively refer to “Chengdu Group”).


  The impairment assessments are based on valuation performed by an independent professional
  valuer engaged by the Group.

  In addition to goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses, and
  non-compete agreement above, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (including
  allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill, contractual
  right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement are also
  included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

  The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGUs and its major underlying assumptions are
  summarised below. The recoverable amounts of these units and asset have been determined based
  on a value in use calculation.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024               Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.3%, and declining growth rates of 11.5%
           to 5.0% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax
           discount rate of 20.0%, and declining growth rates of 15.6% to 6.0%). The remaining forecast cash
           flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a one-year period using declining growth
           rate 3.1% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2024 (2023 a one-year period using
           declining growth rate 5%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.8%, and declining growth rates of 26.8%
           to 13.1% to for HRC Management Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax
           discount rate of 18.5%, and declining growth rates of 22.7% to 16.2%). The remaining forecast cash
           flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a two-year period from 6.0% to 4.0% for HRC
           Management Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a two-year period from 12.1% to 7.5%), and then a
           steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.3%, and declining growth rates of 36.9% to
           18.8% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount
           rate of 18.7%, and declining growth rates of 75.5% to 20%). The remaining forecast cash flows
           beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates
           from 12.4% to 4.4% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2024 (2023: a three-year period using
           declining growth rates from 12.6% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter
           (2023: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 32%, and declining growth rates of 61.5% to
           10.5% for Jinrui Medical Center at 31 December 2024 (2023: a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount
           rate of 37.9%, and declining growth rates of 318.3% (one year after commencement of operations) to
           12.3%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 16.2%, and declining growth rates of 6% to
           4% for Jinxin Women Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
           of 17.4%, and declining growth rates of 5% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units
           thereafter (2023: 3%).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 14.1%, and declining growth rates of 14.2%
           to 9.9% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount
           rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 17.2% to 7.3% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December
           2023). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-
           year period using declining growth rates from 8.2% to 4.7% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December
           2024 (2023: a three-year period using declining growth rates from 6.2% to 4.1%), and then a steady
           3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).



174   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)
  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15%, and declining growth rates of 16.7% to
  12.2% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
  16%, and declining growth rates of 21.9% to 13%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
  five-year period are extrapolated for a five-year period using declining growth rates from 12.8% to
  7.0% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period using declining growth rates
  from 12.1% to 6.8%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 14.1%, and declining growth rates of 13.4% to
  6.4% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
  15.3%, and declining growth rates of 9.4% to 8.1%), The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that
  five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 3.6% to
  3.2% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2024 (2023: a three-year period using declining growth
  rates from 6.8% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2023: 3%).

  Key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows
  which include growth rates of revenue and gross margin rate. Such estimation is based on the
  relevant unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. For
  the financial forecasts used for the value in use calculation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC
  Management Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming
  Group and Chengdu Group are over five-year period as the Group is confident that these projections
  are reliable and they can demonstrate its ability, based on past experience, to forecast cash flows
  accurately over the respective extrapolated periods.

  As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Directors determined that there is no impairment of these
  CGUs containing goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses
  and non-compete agreement.

  The recoverable amount of the CGU of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming
  Group and Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying amount by RMB166,838,000, RMB61,367,000,
  RMB12,573,000, RMB884,000, RMB17,387,000, RMB34,909,000, RMB66,478,000 and
  RMB3,917,664,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: the recoverable amount of the CGU of Shenzhen
  Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin
  Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming Group and Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying
  amount by RMB152,863,000, RMB79,700,000, RMB46,341,000, RMB807,000, RMB10,126,000,
  RMB39,898,000, RMB95,206,000 and RMB3,387,944,000).




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)
           The table below sets forth (i) each key assumption that is used in goodwill, trademarks, contractual
           right to provide management services, licenses and non-compete agreement impairment testing at
           31 December 2024 and 2023; and (ii) the effect of the reasonably possible change in each of the
           key assumptions as determined by the Directors (with all other variables remained constant) on the
           calculation of value in use of the CGUs of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Kunming
           Group:

           Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                        CGU over/
                                                                                                         below its
                                                                              Changes in key              carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      11.5% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (13,477)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (186,252)

           Gross margin rate                                 47% to 44.2%    Decrease by 1%               127,251
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                87,663

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    17.3%    Increase by 0.5%             133,909
                                                                               Increase by 1%             103,465

           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                        CGU over/
                                                                                                         below its
                                                                              Changes in key              carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000



           Annual growth rate of revenue                      15.6% to 3%    Decrease by 1%                (5,324)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (157,164)

           Gross margin rate                                41.8% to 43.4%   Decrease by 1%               115,803
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                78,743

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      20%    Increase by 0.5%             126,110
                                                                               Increase by 1%             101,158

176   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  HRC Management Group
  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                    Deficits of
                                                                                  recoverable
                                                                                amount of the
                                                                                    CGU over/
                                                                                     below its
                                                     Changes in key                   carrying
  Key assumption                   Base case            assumption                   amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   26.8% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                   (655,050)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                 (1,335,145)

  Gross margin rate               37% to 46%         Decrease by 1%                     (80,280)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                    (221,935)

  Pre-tax discount rate                17.8%        Increase by 0.5%                   (120,744)
                                                      Increase by 1%                   (287,349)

  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                    Deficits of
                                                                                  recoverable
                                                                                amount of the
                                                                                    CGU over/
                                                                                     below its
                                                     Changes in key                   carrying
  Key assumption                   Base case            assumption                   amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   22.7% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                    (468,584)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                    (987,997)

  Gross margin rate               34% to 51%         Decrease by 1%                     (24,818)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                    (128,933)

  Pre-tax discount rate                18.5%        Increase by 0.5%                    (78,754)
                                                      Increase by 1%                   (224,571)




                                                Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                         Deficits
                                                                                                  of recoverable
                                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                                                    CGU over its
                                                                              Changes in key            carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption             amounts
                                                                                                        RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      36.9% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (56,377)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (121,872)

           Gross margin rate                                27.8% to 55.4%   Decrease by 1%                  (935)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (14,444)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    17.3%    Increase by 0.5%             (10,795)
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (32,288)

           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                     CGU over its
                                                                              Changes in key              carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption              amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      75.5% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (34,357)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (111,314)

           Gross margin rate                                 18% to 45.8%    Decrease by 1%                29,001
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                11,662

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    18.7%    Increase by 0.5%              23,093
                                                                               Increase by 1%               1,534




178   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Jinrui Medical Center
  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                    Deficits of
                                                                                  recoverable
                                                                                amount of the
                                                      Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                    Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    61.5% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                       (4,314)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       (9,235)

  Gross margin rate                33% to 72%         Decrease by 1%                         (161)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       (1,207)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   32%        Increase by 0.5%                        (461)
                                                       Increase by 1%                      (1,745)

  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                    Deficits of
                                                                                  recoverable
                                                                                amount of the
                                                      Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                    Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   318.3% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                       (4,186)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       (8,956)

  Gross margin rate                24% to 63%         Decrease by 1%                         (533)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       (1,873)

  Pre-tax discount rate                 37.9%        Increase by 0.5%                        (244)
                                                       Increase by 1%                      (1,256)




                                                 Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Jinxin Women Group
           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                         (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                            of recoverable
                                                                                             amount of the
                                                                         Changes in key CGU over/below its
           Key assumption                                   Base case       assumption   carrying amounts
                                                                                                   RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     6% to 3%   Decrease by 1%               (4,167)
                                                                        Decrease by 2%              (24,985)

           Gross margin rate                                     50%    Decrease by 1%               11,881
                                                                        Decrease by 2%                6,376

           Pre-tax discount rate                               16.2%    Increase by 0.5%              9,966
                                                                          Increase by 1%              3,087

           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                         (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                            of recoverable
                                                                                             amount of the
                                                                         Changes in key CGU over/below its
           Key assumption                                   Base case       assumption   carrying amounts
                                                                                                   RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     5% to 3%   Decrease by 1%              (11,197)
                                                                        Decrease by 2%              (31,790)

           Gross margin rate                                     51%    Decrease by 1%                4,644
                                                                        Decrease by 2%                 (837)

           Pre-tax discount rate                               17.4%    Increase by 0.5%              3,696
                                                                          Increase by 1%             (2,302)




180   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Jinxin Medical Group
  At 31 December 2024

                                                                                      Deficits of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     14.2% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                   (538,765)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                 (1,079,598)

  Gross margin rate               36.9% to 39.1%        Decrease by 1%                     (62,731)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (160,369)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   14.1%        Increase by 0.5%                   (107,394)
                                                         Increase by 1%                   (237,144)

  At 31 December 2023

                                                                                      Deficits of
                                                                                    recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                        Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                      Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                       RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     17.2% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                    (456,529)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (925,524)

  Gross margin rate               40.5% to 40.9%        Decrease by 1%                     (50,766)
                                                        Decrease by 2%                    (141,430)

  Pre-tax discount rate                   15.3%        Increase by 0.5%                    (83,758)
                                                         Increase by 1%                   (197,605)




                                                   Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Kunming Group
           At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key         CGU over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                     16.7% to 3.0%   Decrease by 1%              (193,160)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (435,152)

           Gross margin rate                                52.7% to 42.7%   Decrease by 1%                26,929
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (12,621)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      15%    Increase by 0.5%               7,065
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (47,236)

           At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                (Deficits) surplus
                                                                                                   of recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key         CGU over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      21.9% to 3%    Decrease by 1%              (156,838)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (392,055)

           Gross margin rate                                43.1% to 53.9%   Decrease by 1%                55,785
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                16,364

           Pre-tax discount rate                                      16%    Increase by 0.5%              34,952
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (20,465)




182   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
  Interests in associates accounted for using equity method
                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


  At 1 January                                                                                     159,431                         –
  Capital injection                                                                                      –                   164,469
  Addition (Note iii)                                                                              225,876                         –
  Share of profit (loss)                                                                             3,912                    (1,780)
  Exchange realignment                                                                               2,407                    (3,258)


  At 31 December                                                                                   391,626                   159,431


  Details of each of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                          Proportion of
                                          Country of       Principal       ownership                Proportion of
                                          incorporation/   place          interest held           voting rights held      Principal
  Name of entities                        registration     of business    by the Group              by the Group          activities
                                                                          2024          2023        2024           2023


  KangSeed Technology Limited             Cayman Islands   China         5.788%      5.788%       5.788%        5.788%    Assisted
    (“KangSeed”) (Note i)                                                                                                 reproduction
                                                                                                                          services

  Jinxin International Medical            Cayman Islands   U.S.A.          49%          49%         49%            49%    Assisted
     Service Company Limited                                                                                              reproduction
     (“Jinxin International”) (Note ii)                                                                                   agency

  PT Morula Indonesia                     Indonesia        Indonesia       30%          N/A         30%            N/A    Assisted
    (“PT Morula”) (Note iii)                                                                                              reproduction
                                                                                                                          agency

  SHEDOOR GLOBAL LIMITED                  BVI              U.S.A.        23.07%         N/A       23.07%           N/A    Assisted
                                                                                                                          reproduction
                                                                                                                          agency




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           Interests in associates accounted for using equity method (Continued)
           Notes:

           i     On 23 September 2020, the Group acquired 5,564,997 preferred shares with a capital injection feature of
                 KangSeed at a consideration of US$10,060,000 (equivalent to RMB65,641,000). The Group paid US$3,000,000
                 (equivalent to RMB19,575,000) during the year ended 31 December 2020. On 31 December 2022, the Group
                 discharged its obligation of the unpaid consideration at its discretion given the payment conditions has not been
                 fulfilled by KangSeed and 3,905,455 preferred shares were forfeited accordingly and a gain of RMB36,310,000
                 was recognised in profit or loss. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over KangSeed because it has
                 the power to appoint one out of seven directors of KangSeed under its articles of association. The preferred shares
                 with a substantive redemption feature held by the Group were not accounted for as part of the Group’s investment
                 for applying the equity method because the ordinary shares of KangSeed do not have an equivalent feature of
                 preferred shares. Financial interests in KangSeed that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment for applying
                 the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Therefore, the interest in KangSeed is
                 measured at FVTPL. The fair value of the Group’s interest in KangSeed as at 31 December 2024 was nil (2023:
                 US$996,000 (equivalent to RMB7,052,000)).

           ii    On 21 July 2020, the Group acquired 35,000,000 preferred shares with a substantive redemption feature of
                 Mengmei Life Pty. Limited (“Mengmei”) at a consideration of US$13,366,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 RMB87,210,000). On 30 April 2023, Mengmei redeemed the said preferred shares from the Group at a
                 consideration of US$14,187,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB102,514,000) (the “Consideration Payable”) and
                 as a result, the Group no longer holds any direct interest in Mengmei as at 31 December 2023.

                 On 29 June 2023, Jinxin International an associate of the Company with 49% shares held, issued an aggregate
                 of 4,920,000,000 shares to Mengmei at a consideration of US$22,761,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 RMB164,469,000), and undertook Mengmei’s Consideration Payable to the Group to acquire certain subsidiaries
                 of Mengmei. On 30 June 2023, Jinxin International issued an aggregate of 4,920,000,000 shares to the Group
                 at an aggregate consideration of US$22,761,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB164,469,000), which
                 were settled by (1) a consideration payable of US$8,574,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB61,955,000),
                 plus (2) discharging the Consideration Payable. The consideration payable of US$8,574,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB61,955,000) was partially settled by offsetting against certain receivables of the Group from
                 Jinxin International at an equivalent total amount of approximately RMB37,089,000. The remaining outstanding
                 consideration payable to Jinxin International amounting to US$3,441,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 RMB24,866,000) was settled on 27 October 2023.

                 Jinxin International also issued another 200,816,000 shares to its other shareholder at a consideration of
                 US$929,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,713,000). Therefore, the Group continues to hold 49% interest in
                 Jinxin International and is able to exercise significant influence over Jinxin International.

           iii   On 19 July 2024, the Group acquired 30% equity interests in aggregate in PT Morula, pursuant to which the
                 Group agrees to subscribe 25% shares in PT Morula and acquire another 5% of equity interests held by certain
                 independent third-parties at a total consideration of approximately RMB204,311,000. The Group fully paid the
                 consideration during the year. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over PT Morula because it has
                 the power to appoint one out of four directors of PT Morula under its articles of association. Therefore, the interest
                 in PT Morula should be accounted for using equity method.




184   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Summarised financial information of material associates
   Set out below are the summarised financial information for PT Morula which are accounted for using
   the equity method. The summarised financial information have been amended to reflect adjustments
   made by the Group when using the equity method, including fair value adjustments and modifications
   for difference in accounting policy.

   PT Morula
   Summarised statement of financial position
                                                                                            As at 31
                                                                                       December 2024
                                                                                            RMB’000


   Current assets                                                                                194,053


   Non-current assets                                                                            661,489


   Current liabilities                                                                           (34,998)


   Non-current liabilities                                                                       (87,740)


   Summarised statement of financial position
                                                                                      From acquisition
                                                                                            date to 31
                                                                                      December 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                                       115,022


   Profit                                                                                          1,633


   Other comprehensive income                                                                      2,409


   Total comprehensive income                                                                      4,042




                                                         Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
           PT Morula (Continued)
           Reconciliation of summarised financial information
                                                                                                                 As at 31
                                                                                                            December 2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           Net assets of PT Morula                                                                                    732,804
           Less: non-controlling interests of PT Morula’s subsidiaries                                                (50,362)


                                                                                                                      682,442


           Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in PT Morula                                                     30%
           The Group’s share of net assets of PT Morula                                                               204,733


      24. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                                                                                                –
           Purchase (Note)                                                                                             80,000


           At 31 December 2023 and 2024                                                                                80,000

           Note:

           On 26 November 2023, Xizang Jinli Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, acquired 7.52% of
           the aggregate committed capital in WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“WP
           Partnership”), a comprehensive investment fund, as a limited partner with a total subscribe capital of RMB200,000,000.
           As of 31 December 2024, the capital amounting to RMB80,000,000 has injected by the Group (2023: RMB80,000,000).




186   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




25. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Cost of interest in a joint venture                                                        28,500                  28,500
  Share of result of a joint venture                                                         (2,166)                 (3,407)


                                                                                             26,334                  25,093


  Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                   Proportion of
                               Country of                           ownership               Proportion of
                               incorporation/    Principal place   interest held          voting rights held     Principal
  Name of entity               registration      of business       by the Group             by the Group         activity
                                                                   2024          2023       2024          2023


  成都錦欣尚輝企業                     China             China             50%          50%          50%         50%     Information
   管理有限公司                                                                                                        marketing
   Chengdu Jinxin
   Shanghui Enterprise
   Management Co., Ltd
   (“Jinxin Shanghui”)*

  Note:

  *       English name is for identification only.


  No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in a joint venture is disclosed as the
  joint venture is immaterial.




                                                                      Annual Report 2024       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      26. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI
           The balance represents a 19.4% interests in Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management
           Co., Ltd (“Jincheng Hongda”). In December 2022, the Group entered an investment agreement
           with Jincheng Hongda, which is the holding company of Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital Co., Ltd.
           (“Jinxin Aijian”), and mutually agreed to transfer the amounts due from Jinxin Aijian amounting
           to RMB132,188,000 as the prepayment to future equity investment in Jincheng Hongda. On
           24 December 2024, The Group entered an supplemental agreement with Jincheng Hongda,
           RMB84,303,000 of the prepayment has been utilised as the consideration to acquire 19.4% in
           Jincheng Hongda, and the remaining amount of RMB47,885,000 has been recognised as loan
           receivable from Jincheng Hongda as disclosed in note 29(a).

           The Directors have elected to designate this unlisted investment in equity instrument as at FVTOCI
           as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in this unlisted investment’s fair value on
           profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding this unlisted investment
           for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run. The Group does not
           have the power to direct the relevant activities of Jincheng Hongda, nor have joint control over or the
           right to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions over Jincheng Hongda under the
           shareholders’ agreement.

           There is no significant change in the fair values of the investment during the year ended 31 December
           2024.

      27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Pharmaceutical products                                                    20,388             29,345
           Consumables and others                                                     30,560             33,083


                                                                                      50,948             62,428




188   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




28. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


  Accounts receivables                                                                   234,406                 73,086
  Other receivables and prepayment:
    Prepayments on acquisitions of equity interests (Note i)                                    –               153,436
    Prepayments to a director of a subsidiary (Note ii)                                    13,001                25,069
    Prepayments to suppliers                                                               52,239                87,000
    Interest receivables                                                                      442                   226
    Loan receivable (Note iii)                                                             29,133                28,431
    Others                                                                                 22,177                15,148


                                                                                         351,398                382,396


  Less: Loan receivable classified as non-current assets (Note iii)                       (29,133)              (28,431)
        Prepayments classified as non-current assets                                            –              (184,595)


  Accounts and other receivables classified as current assets                            322,265                169,370

  Notes:

  i.     In December 2022, the Group entered an investment agreement with Jincheng Hongda, which is the holding
         company of Jinxin Aijian, and mutually agreed to transfer the amounts due from Jinxin Aijian amounting to
         RMB132,188,000 as the prepayment to future equity investment in Jincheng Hongda. On 24 December 2024, The
         Group entered an supplemental agreement with Jincheng Hongda, RMB84,303,000 of the prepayment has been
         recognised as the consideration to acquire 19.4% interests in Jincheng Hongda as disclosed in Note 26, and the
         remaining amount of RMB47,885,000 has been recognised as loan receivable from Jincheng Hongda as disclosed
         in note 29(a).

  ii.    With effect from 1 December 2022 to 30 November 2025, a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is entitled to
         an aggregate remuneration of HK$43,300,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB40,100,000).

  iii.   The amount represent US$3,115,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB22,391,000) (2023: US$3,025,000
         (equivalent to approximately RMB21,723,000)) loan receivable from a shareholder of an associate and US$938,000
         (equivalent to approximately RMB6,742,000) (2023: US$969,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,708,000))
         loan receivable from IVF Universal, LLC, a supplier to the Group. These amounts are unsecured and interest-free.
         The loan receivable from a supplier is contracted to collect in 2026 and the loan receivable from a shareholder of
         an associate is expected to collect in 2026 and are therefore classified as non-current assets in the consolidated
         statement of financial position.


  As at 1 January 2023, accounts receivables amounted to RMB73,086,000.

  The individual customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Wuhan Jinxin
  Hospital, Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd (“HK ARC”), Hong Kong Reproductive Health
  Centre Ltd (“HK RHC”), Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital, Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia
  Hospital would usually settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards or governments’ social
  insurance schemes. Payments by governments’ social insurance schemes will normally be settled
  by the local social insurance bureau and similar government departments which are responsible for
  the reimbursement of medical expenses for patients who are covered by the government medical
  insurance schemes 90 days (2023: 30 to 90) from the transaction date.


                                                                     Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      28. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           The individual customers of HRC Management Group would usually settle by cash or payments
           through insurance schemes. Payments by insurance schemes will normally be settled by commercial
           insurance companies from 60 to 365 days from the transaction date.

           The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Clinic and Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital usually settle by
           cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days from the transaction date.

           The Directors are of the view that there have been no significant increase in credit risk of default
           because the amounts are from local social insurance bureau, similar government departments or
           insurance companies with good credit rating and continuous repayment.

           The accounts receivables are assessed individually for impairment allowance based on the Group’s
           historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
           economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forward-looking information
           at the reporting date. The Directors considered that the ECL for accounts receivables is insignificant
           as at 31 December 2023 and 2024.

           In determining the recoverability of accounts receivables, the management of the Group considers
           any change in the credit quality of the accounts receivables from the date credit was initially granted
           up to the end of the reporting period.

           The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date at the
           end of each reporting period.

                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Within 90 days                                                            208,840             44,408
           91 to 180 days                                                             15,405             16,653
           Over 180 days                                                              10,161             12,025


                                                                                     234,406             73,086


           The Directors closely monitor the credit quality of accounts and other receivables and consider the
           debts are of a good credit quality.

           Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables are set out in Note 44.




190   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES
  (a) Amounts due from related parties
                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


     Trade in nature
     成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司
       (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management
       Co., Ltd.) (Notes i & iii)*                                            25,238               54,647
     HRC Medical (Note iv)                                                    25,456               39,704
     成都錦欣信息科技有限公司
       (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
       (Notes i & v)*                                                              –                    53
     四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
       (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd.)
       (Notes i & ii)*                                                             –                  120
     Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note vi)                    5,469                6,951
     Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
       (Notes i & ii)                                                         11,964               15,549
     Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital
       (Note viii)                                                                 –               95,135


                                                                              68,127              212,159




                                                         Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


                 Non-trade in nature
                 Loan receivable:
                   成都錦霖企業管理有限公司
                     (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.)
                     (Notes i & vii)*                                                                 28,368                28,368
                   Jincheng Hongda (Note ix)                                                          47,885                     –

                 Other receivables:
                   Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates
                     (Notes i & ii)                                                                   18,828                 1,528


                                                                                                      95,081                29,896


                 Total                                                                              163,208                242,055


                 Analysed as:
                   Current                                                                            86,955               213,687
                   Non-current                                                                        76,253                28,368


                                                                                                    163,208                242,055

                 Notes:

                 *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                         directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

                 (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
                         Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (2023: 365 days) at the end of the reporting period.

                 (iii)   The amount represents receivable from Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd. in relation to
                         management services provided in accordance with the IVF specialty collaboration agreements. The Group
                         allows a credit period of within 365 days to Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.

                 (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. Holding, LLC (“HRC
                         Investment”). The amount represents receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services
                         provided in accordance with the management services agreement. The amount is unsecured and interest-
                         free. The trade balance at 31 December 2024 based on invoice date is aged within 90 days (2023: 90 days)
                         and not past due nor impaired.




192   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       (v)     The entity is a subsidiary of joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
               repayable on demand.

       (vi)    The entity is a subsidiary of an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
               repayable on demand.

       (vii)   The amount of RMB28,368,000 (2023: RMB28,368,000) due from Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management
               Co., Ltd. is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. As at 31 December 2024, the amount is
               expected by the Directors not to be collected within one year and is therefore classified as non-current.

       (viii) The entity is no longer a related party as the entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the
              Company since 19 January 2024.

       (ix)    The amount of RMB47,885,000 (2023: Nil) due from Jincheng Hongda is unsecured, interest-free and
               repayable in 2029.


       The following is an aged analysis of amounts due from related parties which are trade in nature
       presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


       Within 90 days                                                                     36,478               138,972
       91 to 180 days                                                                      1,828                52,489
       Over 180 days                                                                      29,821                20,698


                                                                                          68,127               212,159




                                                                    Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (b) Amounts due to related parties
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


                 Trade in nature
                 成都錦欣信息科技有限公司
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note ii)*                                                                             657                1,006
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
                   (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd) (Note i)*                                   154                  220
                 Jinxin International Medical Service Limited (Note iii)                                    –                  249
                 Gender Selection Australia (Notes iv & vi)                                                 –                   97
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)                            5,999                6,602


                                                                                                        6,810                8,174


                 Non-trade in nature
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司
                  (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd)
                  (Notes i & vi)*                                                                       1,960                2,000
                 HRC Medical (Notes v & vi)                                                             8,306                    –
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other
                  affiliates (Notes i & vi)                                                             3,383                2,090


                                                                                                       13,649                4,090


                 Total                                                                                 20,459               12,264

                 Notes:

                 *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                         directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

                 (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
                         Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the Company’s joint venture. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
                         repayable on demand.

                 (iii)   The entity is a subsidiary of an associate of the Company. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
                         repayable on demand.

                 (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by a shareholder of HRC Investment.

                 (v)     The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment.

                 (vi)    The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




194   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (b) Amounts due to related parties (Continued)
       The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature
       presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


       Within 90 days                                                           4,046                3,740
       91 to 180 days                                                           1,531                1,696
       Over 180 days                                                            1,233                2,738


                                                                                6,810                8,174


30. LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company entered into a life insurance policy with
   an insurance company, HSBC Life (International) Limited, to insure Dr. Chan Chi Wai, a doctor
   and director of HK ARC and HK RHC. Under the policy, the Company is the beneficiary and policy
   holder and the total insured sum is US$10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB70,827,000).
   The Company is required to pay an upfront deposit of US$3,367,000 (equivalent to approximately
   RMB23,849,000). The Company can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on
   the account value (“Account Value”) of the policy at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by
   the upfront payment plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
   and policy expense charge. In addition, if the withdrawal is made between the first to eighteenth
   policy years, there is a specified amount of surrender charge deducted from the Account Value.
   The insurance company will pay the Company a guaranteed interest of 4.25% for the first year and
   a variable return per annum afterwards (with minimum guaranteed interest rate of 2% per annum)
   during the effective period of the policy. The Company does not have intention to terminate the
   insurance within twelve months after the end of the reporting period and therefore the insurance is
   classified as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.

   The life insurance policy is measured at the value quoted by the insurance company at end of each
   reporting period. The net loss on the life insurance policy are recognised in profit or loss.

31. TIME DEPOSITS
   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into two deposit placements with banks
   in the U.S.A. (2023: several deposit placements with banks in the PRC, Hong Kong and the U.S.A.).
   The bank guaranteed 100% of the invested principal amount and fixed interest rate of 2% per annum
   (2023: 2% to 5.04% per annum). The contract is with a maturity of 12 months as specified in the
   agreement (2023: 90 days to three years as specified in the agreement).

   Details of impairment assessment of time deposits are set out in Note 44.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      32. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
           Bank balances carried interest at market rates which range from 0.01% to 1.05% per annum as at 31
           December 2024 (2023: from 0.01% to 2% per annum).

           Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in Note 44.

      33. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
           The balances represent wealth management products issued by financial institutions subscribed by
           the Group with no guaranteed principal and return, while the total expected return is up to 4.96%
           per annum for the year ended 31 December 2023 depending on the performance of the underlying
           financial investments or the change in the interest rate as specified in the relevant deposits
           placement. The wealth management products are with a maturity period of 90 days, or can be
           redeemable on demand for the year ended 31 December 2023.

           The wealth management products are classified as other financial assets at FVTPL on initial
           recognition as they contain embedded derivatives.

           The other financial assets at FVTPL had been fully redeemed at the end of the reporting period.

      34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


           Accounts payables                                                       216,965            231,286


           Other payables:
             Construction payables                                                  72,916             48,703
             Loan payables (Note i)                                                110,004            236,075
             Refundable customers’ deposits                                        149,874            141,636
             Accrued employee expenses (including social
               insurances and housing fund contributions)                          121,928            137,959
             Provision                                                                   –             13,988
             Value-added tax and other tax payables                                  7,905             12,494
             Deferred income (Note ii)                                              12,752             11,345
             Interest payables                                                       3,816             14,015
             Others                                                                 41,612             37,019


                                                                                   520,807            653,234


           Total accounts and other payables                                       737,772            884,520


           Less: Loan payables as non-current liabilities (Note i)                        –           (79,437)


           Total accounts and other payables as current liabilities                737,772            805,083




196   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loan payables to the former shareholders of 深圳市恒裕聯
          翔投資發展有限公司 (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd). Pursuant to the equity
          transfer agreement entered into on 4 February 2022, certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former
          shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled within one year as at
          31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: certain consideration is payable by the Group to the former shareholders
          upon completion of certain construction milestone, which is due to be settled for over one year).

   (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with
          conditions not yet fulfilled.


   The credit period of accounts payables is from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

   The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at the
   end of the reporting period.

                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


   Within 90 days                                                                        155,863               161,031
   91 to 180 days                                                                         27,840                34,265
   181 to 365 days                                                                        18,840                23,629
   Over 365 days                                                                          14,422                12,361


                                                                                         216,965               231,286


35. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


   Lease liabilities payable:
   Within one year                                                                        53,505                72,199
   Within a period of more than one year
     but not more than two years                                                          66,071                72,660
   Within a period of more than two years
     but not more than five years                                                        133,301               164,095
   Within a period of more than five years                                                82,000               112,971


                                                                                         334,877               421,925
   Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
           shown under current liabilities                                               (53,505)              (72,199)


   Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
    under non-current liabilities                                                        281,372               349,726




                                                                     Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      35. LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
           The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.27% (2023: 4.3%).

           As at 31 December 2024, RMB73,128,000 of lease liabilities payable is related to the lease entered
           with related parties (2023: RMB119,424,000).

      36. DEFERRED TAXATION
                                                                               Fair value
                                                                             adjustment
                                                                            arising from
                                                            Accelerated      acquisition
                                                                     tax               of
                                                            depreciation    subsidiaries      Tax losses        Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                                      6,039        1,180,324          (88,516)   1,097,847
           (Credited) charged during
             the year (Note 11)                                    (811)          16,226          (31,478)      (16,063)
           Exchange realignment                                       –            8,927           (1,074)        7,853


           At 31 December 2023                                    5,228        1,205,477        (121,068)    1,089,637
           (Credited) charged during
             the year (Note 11)                                   (1,345)         16,751           (2,168)      13,238
           Exchange realignment                                        –           8,114           (1,251)       6,863


           At 31 December 2024                                    3,883        1,230,342        (124,487)    1,109,738


           The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


           Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (1,234,225)      (1,210,705)
           Deferred tax assets                                                                 124,487          121,068


                                                                                            (1,109,738)      (1,089,637)




198   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. BANK BORROWING
                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


  Bank borrowing, guaranteed                                           2,270,096              2,127,468


  The carrying amounts of the above borrowing are repayable:

  Within one year                                                      1,277,537                 747,804
  Within a period of more than one year
   but not exceeding two years                                           288,327              1,379,664
  Within a period of more than two years
   but not exceeding five years                                          646,470                         –
  Within a period of more than five years                                 57,762                         –


                                                                       2,270,096              2,127,468


  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group obtained new loans amounting to
  RMB3,294,476,000 (2023: RMB640,062,000) and made repayments amounting to approximately
  RMB3,183,799,000 (2023: RMB642,902,000). The borrowings carry annual interest rates ranging
  from 2.15% to 7.3% per annum as at 31 December 2024 (2023: 3.5% to 7.3% per annum) and are
  repayable between 2025 and 2034 (31 December 2023: repayable between 2024 and 2025).

38. SHARE CAPITAL
  The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                      Number
                                                     of shares     Share capital          Share capital
                                                                           US$                RMB’000


  Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
  Authorised:
  At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023
    and 31 December 2024                         5,000,000,000               50,000                   345


  Issued:
    At 1 January 2023                            2,516,852,802               25,169                   166
    Issue of shares (Note i)                       204,060,994                2,041                    14


    At 31 December 2023                          2,720,913,796               27,210                   180
    Issue of shares (Note ii)                       36,792,247                  368                     2


    At 31 December 2024                          2,757,706,043               27,578                   182




                                                        Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      38. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
           Notes:

           (i)    During the year ended 31 December 2023, 175,000,000 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company
                  through a private placement arrangement at the price of HK$6.725 per share. Proceeds of US$1,750 (equivalent
                  to approximately RMB12,000) represent the par value of the shares issued were credited to the share capital of
                  the Company. The remaining proceeds net of transaction costs of HK$1,161,609,000 (equivalent to approximately
                  RMB998,972,000) were credited to the share premium. For details of the transaction, please refer to the
                  Company’s announcement dated 16 January 2023.

                  In addition, 29,060,994 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to Jinxin 2nd ESOP Limited (“the Second
                  RSU Scheme’s Nominee”) for and on behalf of the Company.

           (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2024, 36,792,247 ordinary shares had been issued by the Company to the
                  Second RSU Scheme’s Nominee.


      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
           (a) Share Option Scheme
                  The Company’s share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
                  resolution passed on 3 June 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors
                  and eligible employees. The Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of
                  ten years, commencing from 3 June 2019. No share option was in issue pursuant to the Share
                  Option Scheme at the end of the reporting period.

                  The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
                  under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
                  in aggregate exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (“Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the Shares
                  in issue immediately after the Listing (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and
                  no exercise of any option which may be granted under the Share Option Scheme) unless the
                  Company obtains an approval from its shareholders. Options lapsed in accordance with the
                  terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme
                  Mandate Limit. Moreover, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of
                  all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any
                  other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 30% of the Shares in
                  issue from time to time.

                  No option may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes
                  of the Company if such Scheme Mandate Limited is exceeded.

                  During the year ended 31 December 2024, after due and careful consideration, the Directors
                  decided that no further grant shall be made under the Share Option Scheme and has resolved to
                  terminate it.




200   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme
      On 15 February 2019 (the “First Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme
      (the “2019 RSU Scheme”). The purposes of 2019 RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
      participants of 2019 RSU Scheme (the “2019 Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to
      acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards
      enhancing the value of the Company and our Shares for the benefit of the Company and the
      shareholders of the Company as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of
      either retaining, incentivising, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits
      to the 2019 Selected Participants. The 2019 RSU Scheme commences on the First Adoption
      Date and remains valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the
      period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the board of
      directors of the Company.

      The total number of the 2019 restricted share units (the “2019 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
      pursuant to the 2019 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total 1.66% (i.e. 32,981,388 shares) of the
      Company’s issued share capital as at the First Adoption Date (the “2019 RSU Scheme Limit”),
      provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2019 RSU Scheme Limit
      of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in
      accordance with the 2019 RSU Scheme.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, after due and careful consideration, the Directors
      decided that no further grant shall be made under the 2019 RSU Scheme and has resolved to
      terminate it, provided that the awards previously granted under the 2019 RSU Scheme shall
      continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.

      In addition, the Company approved a new RSU Scheme (the “2022 RSU Scheme”) on 17
      February 2022 (the “Second Adoption Date”). The purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme are to (i)
      provide the selected participants of the 2022 RSU Scheme (the “2022 Selected Participants”)
      with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the 2022
      Selected Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for
      the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with
      a flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or
      providing benefits to the 2022 Selected Participants. The 2022 RSU Scheme commences on the
      Second Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon
      the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of
      the board of directors of the Company.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
                 The total number of the 2022 restricted share units (the “2022 RSUs”) underlying all grants made
                 pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme shall not exceed in total approximately 3% (i.e. 75,227,514
                 shares) of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Second Adoption Date (the “2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the 2022 RSU
                 Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed
                 or vested in accordance with the 2022 RSU Scheme.

                 A deed of adherence dated 14 February 2019 was entered into between the Company and
                 Jinxin Employee Holdings Company Limited (“the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee”). On 15
                 February 2019, 32,981,388 shares were issued to the first RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and on
                 behalf of the Company. As of 31 December 2024, 4,688,338 shares were held by the first RSU
                 Scheme’s Nominee.

                 Another deed of adherence dated 15 February 2023 was entered into between the Company
                 and the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee. On 15 February 2023 and 22 March 2024, 29,060,994
                 shares and 36,792,247 shares were issued to the second RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and
                 on behalf of the Company respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2024, a trustee
                 purchased the Company’s ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange for the satisfaction
                 of awards to be granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme. The trustee purchased 9,374,273 of
                 Company’s shares. As of 31 December 2024, 63,966,028 shares were held by the second RSU
                 Scheme’s Nominee.

                 The above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been
                 deducted from shareholders’ equity as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity
                 under “Shares held for Restricted Share Award Scheme”.




202   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2024, the restricted shares granted to key management personnel, eligible
       employees (2023: granted to key management personnel, eligible employees, doctors of HRC
       Medical, a consultant of the Group and the Directors) are as follows:

                                        Number of
                                          options                                            Fair value at
       RSU granted to                     granted    Grant date          Expiry date           grant date       Vesting period


       Partner doctor of HRC Medical     3,921,700   15 February 2019    14 February 2029      17,733,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel          2,141,839   6 January 2020      14 February 2029      20,810,000            1–3 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
          of HRC Medical                 5,672,970   6 January 2020      14 February 2029      55,120,000            1–3 years
       Key management personnel          2,098,932   10 January 2021     14 February 2029      26,591,000     6 months–3 years
       Key management personnel            500,000   1 June 2021         14 February 2029       8,703,000     8 months–3 years
       Key management personnel            100,000   1 January 2022      14 February 2029         712,000      1 month–2 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
          of HRC Medical                 1,393,500   31 January 2022     14 February 2029      11,836,000      1 month–4 years
       Partner doctor of HRC Medical     1,990,710   31 January 2022     14 February 2029      12,639,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel            100,000   1 March 2022        14 February 2029         721,000    10 months–3 years
       A director of the Company        10,000,000   27 March 2023       16 February 2032      47,272,000            1–5 years
       The Directors                    18,062,247   23 August 2023      16 February 2032      62,869,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel and
          eligible employees            29,108,000   23 August 2023      16 February 2032     101,319,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel and
          eligible employees            15,447,354   19 April 2024       16 February 2032      31,808,000            1–4 years

       The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU Scheme
       or for the exercise of the RSU.

       The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on 27 March 2023,
       23 August 2023 and 19 April 2024. The fair value of the RSUs granted on 27 March 2023, 23
       August 2023 and 19 April 2024 were assessed to be RMB47,272,000 RMB164,188,000 and
       RMB31,808,000 respectively.




                                                                        Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
                 The table below discloses movement of the Company’s RSU granted held by the Selected
                 Participants at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                          Number of Awarded Shares
                                                    Outstanding      Granted        Exercised       Forfeited Outstanding at
                                                    at 1 January   during the      during the      during the  31 December
                                                            2024         year            year            year          2024


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical      1,568,680            –      (1,568,680)              –              –
                   Key management personnel              19,880            –         (19,880)              –              –
                   Eligible employees and doctors
                      of HRC Medical                    418,821            –        (418,821)              –               –
                   Key management personnel           1,151,849            –        (277,381)              –         874,468
                   Key management personnel             312,500            –        (187,500)              –         125,000
                   Key management personnel              33,334            –         (33,334)              –               –
                   Eligible employees and doctors
                      of HRC Medical                  1,114,800            –        (418,050)               –        696,750
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical      1,990,710            –        (796,284)               –      1,194,426
                   Key management personnel              66,667            –         (33,333)               –         33,334
                   The Directors                     28,062,247            –      (3,508,132)     (5,000,000)     19,554,115
                   Key management personnel and
                      eligible employees             29,108,000            –      (6,753,354)              –      22,354,646
                   Key management personnel and
                      eligible employees                      –    15,447,354     (1,000,000)              –      14,447,354

                                                     63,847,488    15,447,354    (15,014,749)     (5,000,000)     59,280,093




204   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
                                                                 Number of Awarded Shares
                                          Outstanding       Granted        Exercised       Forfeited   Outstanding at
                                           at 1 January   during the       during the     during the    31 December
                                                   2023         year             year           year            2023


       RSU granted to:
         Key management personnel                    –             –               –               –
         Partner doctor of HRC Medical       1,568,680             –               –               –       1,568,680
         Key management personnel              624,233             –       (577,687)        (26,666)          19,880
         Eligible employees and doctors
            of HRC Medical                   1,937,744             –     (1,518,923)               –         418,821
         Key management personnel            1,365,919             –       (214,070)               –       1,151,849
         Key management personnel              375,000             –        (62,500)               –         312,500
         Key management personnel               66,667             –        (33,333)               –          33,334
         Eligible employees and doctors
            of HRC Medical                   1,254,150             –       (139,350)               –       1,114,800
         Partner doctor of HRC Medical       1,990,710             –               –               –       1,990,710
         Key management personnel              100,000             –        (33,333)               –          66,667
         The Directors                               –    28,062,247               –               –      28,062,247
         Key management personnel and
            eligible employees                       –    29,108,000              –                –      29,108,000

                                             9,283,103    57,170,247     (2,579,196)        (26,666)      63,847,488


       The Group recognised the total expense of RMB47,285,000 for the year ended 31 December
       2024 (2023: RMB53,430,000) in relation to RSU granted by the Company in the current year.

       At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that
       are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised
       in profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-based payment
       reserve.




                                                                 Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


           Capital expenditure in respect of property,
            plant and equipment contracted for but not
            provided in the consolidated financial statements                       139,904            97,908
           Commitment to WP Partnership (Note 24)                                   120,000           120,000


                                                                                    259,904           217,908


      41. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
           The Group participates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF Scheme”) under the Hong
           Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
           of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan
           administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
           each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to
           a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately. The only
           obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF scheme is to make the specified contributions under
           the scheme.

           The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
           operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of
           payroll costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits
           scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits
           scheme is to make the specified contributions under the scheme.

           HRC Management maintains multiple qualified contributory savings plans as allowed under Section
           401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code in the U.S.A. These plans are defined contribution plans covering
           substantially all its qualifying employees and provide for voluntary contributions by employees,
           subject to certain limits. The contributions are made by both the employees and the employer.
           The employees’ contributions are primarily based on specified dollar amounts or percentages of
           employee compensation.

           The only obligation of HRC Management with respect to the retirement benefits plans is to make the
           specified contributions under the plans.

           The total costs charged to profit and loss, amounted to RMB97,691,000 for the year ended 31
           December 2024 (2023: RMB83,639,000) representing contributions paid to the retirement benefit
           scheme by the Group.




206   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
  In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
  statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

  Name of related Companies         Relationship             Nature of transactions                      2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


  Jinjiang District Maternity and   Entity controlled by     Provision of management services                 –         90,778
     Child Health Hospital            Chengdu Jinxin           by the Group
     (Note i)                         Investment
                                                             Provision of pathological examination            –         11,858
                                                               services by the Group

                                                             Rendering pathological examination               –        (2,851)
                                                               services to the Group

                                                             Sales of medical consumables and                 –         56,838
                                                               equipment by the Group

                                                             Provision of catering services                   –          1,771

  成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                      Entity controlled by     Rendering of IT services                   (1,055)          (550)
   Chengdu Jinxin Information         Jinxin Shanghui
   Technology Limited*                                       Sales of software                                –            225

                                                             Provision of catering services                  37             16

  四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司 Entity controlled by                        Purchase of consumables by the                   –          (107)
   Sichuan Mocodo Medical Chengdu Jinxin                       Group
   Products Co., Ltd*     Investment
                                                             Sales of equipment by the Group                  –            120

  成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司 Entity controlled by                        Provision of management services                 –         42,368
   Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Chengdu Jinxin                 by the Group
   Management Co., Ltd*         Investment

  Jinxin International Medical      Entity controlled by     Marketing expense                         (26,726)       (32,787)
     Service Limited                  Jinxin International
                                                             Assisted reproductive services                   –          2,761
                                                               income




                                                                         Annual Report 2024       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
           statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)
           Name of related Companies       Relationship              Nature of transactions                     2024       2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000    RMB’000


           HRC Medical and its other       Controlled or jointly     Management service income               428,955    407,709
            Affiliates (Note ii)             controlled by certain
                                             shareholders of HRC     Pre-implantation genetic Screening       35,227     32,908
                                             Investment                testing income

                                                                     Ambulatory surgery centre facilities      4,709      4,010
                                                                      income

                                                                     Repayment of lease liability             (5,225)    (3,168)

                                                                     Finance cost on lease liability            (599)      (667)

                                                                     Rendering cleaning services                   –       (507)

                                                                     Marketing expense                        (1,175)    (1,163)

           Chengdu Jinxin Investment And These related parties       Sales of consumables and                  9,929     12,355
             its other affiliates (Note iii) And Chengdu jinxin        equipment by the group
                                             Investment have
                                             the Same beneficial     Provision of rental services                101      4,171
                                             Shareholders with
                                             the company             Provision of catering services            3,783      1,157

                                                                     Provision of pathological examination       531        633
                                                                       services

                                                                     Provision of consulting services              –         99

                                                                     Rendering of dormitory rental              (281)      (224)

                                                                     Purchase of consumables by the                –       (521)
                                                                       Group

                                                                     Rendering labor services                 (2,525)    (4,571)

                                                                     Finance cost on lease liability          (4,046)    (4,946)

                                                                     Rendering cleaning services to the       (9,749)    (9,811)
                                                                       Group

                                                                     Repayment of lease liability            (25,366)   (24,540)



208   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   Notes:

   *       English name is for identification only identification purpose only.

   (i)     The entity is no longer a related party as the entity does not have the same beneficial shareholders with the
           Company since 19 January 2024.

   (ii)    The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2024 is RMB20,087,000 (31 December 2023: RMB22,464,000).

   (iii)   The amount of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2024 is RMB53,041,000 (31 December 2023: RMB96,960,000).


   Compensation of key management personnel
   The remuneration of the key management is determined based on performance of individuals and
   market trends.

   Key management includes executive directors and senior management. The remuneration of the
   Directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


   Salaries and allowances                                                                      8,774                9,102
   Performance-related incentive payments                                                       7,946               12,253
   Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                                       507                  303
   Share-based compensation benefits                                                           13,990               29,557


                                                                                               31,217               51,215




                                                                          Annual Report 2024    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      43. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
           concern while maximising the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and
           equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the additional advance from
           related parties or the repayment of their existing advances, lease liabilities and bank borrowing
           disclosed in Notes 29 (b), 35 and 37 respectively, net of cash equivalents and equity attributable to
           owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

           The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors
           consider the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
           the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends,
           new share issues as well as issue of new debt, if necessary.

      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           (a) Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                      The Group
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at
                   – Amortised cost                                               1,085,014          1,135,897
                   – FVTPL                                                           80,000            221,569
                   – Investment in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                     –              7,052
                   – FVTOCI                                                          84,303                  –


                                                                                  1,249,317          1,364,518


                 Financial liabilities
                 Financial liabilities at
                   – Amortised cost                                               2,885,742          2,848,466


                 Lease liabilities                                                  334,877            421,925




210   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
      The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, accounts and other
      receivables, amounts due from/to related parties, other financial assets at FVTPL, investments in
      preferred shares measured at FVTPL, equity instrument at FVTOCI, time deposits, bank balances
      and cash, accounts and other payables, loan payables, bank borrowing, lease liabilities. Details
      of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these
      financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk),
      credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
      management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
      implemented on a timely and effective manner.

      Market risk
      Currency risk
      Several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency bank balances against the functional
      currencies of the relevant group entities which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.

      The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the
      management of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging
      significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign bank balances and bank borrowing at the reporting
      date are as follows:

                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


      Assets
      US$                                                                      2,485                  702
      HK$                                                                      8,139                4,198
      RMB                                                                          –                  535


                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


      Liabilities
      US$                                                                   408,942                       –




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2023: 5%) increase and decrease
                 in the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies. 5% (2023: 5%)
                 is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
                 personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
                 foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                 denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for
                 a 5% (2023: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A positive/negative number below indicates
                 an increase/decrease in post-tax profit and other equity where the subsidiaries’ functional
                 currency weakening 5% (2023: 5%) against the relevant foreign currencies. For a 5% (2023: 5%)
                 strengthen of the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies, there
                 would be an equal and opposite/negative impact on the profit and other comprehensive income
                 and the amounts below would be negative/positive. During year ended 31 December 2024, the
                 sensitivity of HK$ against the relevant currency is immaterial. During year ended 31 December
                 2023, the sensitivity of HK$, US$ and RMB against the relevant currency is immaterial.

                                                                                            US$
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Profit or loss                                                        (15,242)                 26


                 Interest rate risk
                 The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
                 (see Note 32 for details) and bank borrowing (see Note 37 for details). The Group’s cash flow
                 interest rate risk are mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances
                 and bank borrowing.

                 The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity
                 analysis is presented for the Group.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2024, The fair value interest rate risk on the fixed rate
                 time bank deposits, is limited because the periods of these deposits are short, which within one
                 year. During the year ended 31 December 2023, The fair value interest rate risk on the other
                 financial assets at FVTPL, fixed rate time bank deposits, is limited because the periods of these
                 investment products and deposits are short, which 90 to three years, or can be redeemable on
                 demand.

                 The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate amounts due to
                 related parties, lease liabilities, bank borrowings (see Notes 29(b), 35 and 37 for details) and
                 the Directors consider that the exposure of such interest rate risk arising from amounts due to
                 related parties, lease liabilities is insignificant.



212   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Market risk (Continued)
       Other price risk
       The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity investments
       measured at FVTOCI as disclosed in Note 26, financial assets at FVTPL and investments in
       preferred shares measured at FVTPL. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor the
       price risk of this investment.

       During the year ended 31 December 2024, if the fair value of the FVTOCI had been 5% higher/
       lower, the other comprehensive income would increase/decrease by RMB4,215,000.

       During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, If the fair value of financial assets
       at FVTPL had been 5% higher/lower, the post-tax profit would increase/decrease by
       RMB4,000,000. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the sensitivity of the fair value of the
       respective investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, will not have material impact on
       the post-tax profit and thus no sensitivity analysis is presented.

       Credit risk and impairment assessment
       At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial
       assets of the Group as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position best represents
       the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group
       and due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties. The average loss rates for
       majority of the financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed to be less than 1%.

       In order to minimise the credit risk for accounts receivables, the management of the Group
       has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and
       other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debt
       at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made and
       other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover
       overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment under ECL model on trade balances
       individually. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly
       reduced. The loss allowance measured under lifetime ECL for accounts receivables of
       RMB234,406,000 (2023: RMB73,086,000) for the Group is considered insignificant.

       For loan receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits, the management makes
       periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on
       historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information
       that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that
       there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
       the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2024
       and 2023, the Group assessed the ECL for loan receivables, other receivables and refundable
       deposits are insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.




                                                           Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 The loss allowance of for loan receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits
                 are measured under 12m ECL which is considered insignificant in respect of for loan
                 receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits amounting to RMB116,137,000 (2023:
                 RMB109,199,000) as at 31 December 2024.

                 For the amounts due from related parties, the Directors make individual assessment on the
                 recoverability of the amounts based on historical settlement records and past experience.
                 In view of the good repayment history of these related parties and/or considered the future
                 prospects of the industry in which these related parties operate, the Directors consider the risk
                 of default is low, and accordingly, no impairment was recognised in respect of the amounts due
                 from related parties amounting to RMB163,208,000 (2023: RMB242,055,000) as at 31 December
                 2024.

                 The credit risk on liquid funds, including interest receivables, is limited because the
                 counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating
                 agencies. The 12m ECL for time deposits, bank balances and interest receivables, of the Group
                 amounting to RMB571,263,000 (2023 RMB711,557,000) as at 31 December 2024 is considered
                 to be insignificant.

                 Other than concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks
                 with high credit ratings, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit
                 risk as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                 Liquidity risk
                 Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the management, which has built
                 an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short,
                 medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by
                 maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and
                 matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

                 In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its financial liabilities.

                 The tables include both interest, if any, and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows
                 are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of each
                 reporting period.




214   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Liquidity risk (Continued)
       Liquidity table
                                           Weighted     On demand                                                  Total
                                             average    or less than       1–2          2–5         Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                        interest rate         1 year     years        years          years   cash flows      amount
                                                   %        RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


       At 31 December 2024
       Accounts and other payables                 –        485,183           –            –             –        485,183     485,183
       Amounts due to related parties              –         20,459           –            –             –         20,459      20,459
       Loan payables                            4.45        110,004           –            –             –        110,004     110,004
       Bank borrowing                           3.93      1,321,171     303,337      649,935        62,516      2,336,959   2,270,096
       Lease liabilities                        4.27         67,367      81,324      153,196        86,776        388,663     334,877


                                                          2,004,184     384,661      803,131       149,292      3,341,268   3,220,619


       At 31 December 2023
       Accounts and other payables                 –        472,659            –           –             –        472,659     472,659
       Amounts due to related parties              –         12,264            –           –             –         12,264      12,264
       Loan payables                            4.45        156,638       82,895           –             –        239,533     236,075
       Bank borrowing                           5.37        865,967    1,408,260           –             –      2,274,227   2,127,468
       Lease liabilities                        4.30         91,805       89,241     189,537       121,543        492,126     421,925


                                                          1,599,333    1,580,396     189,537       121,543      3,490,809   3,270,391




                                                                              Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
                 Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                 fair value on a recurring basis
                 The Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at 31 December 2024 are disclosed
                 in note 24, 26 and 33. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                 financial assets are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                Fair value as at                   Valuation                   Significant               Relationship of
                                                 31 December          Fair value   techniques                  unobservable              unobservable inputs
                 Financial assets                2024          2023   hierarchy    and key inputs              inputs                    to fair value
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


                 Other financial assets at           –     141,569    Level 2      Discounted cash flows       N/A                       N/A
                   FVTPL                                                             – future cash flows
                                                                                     are estimated based
                                                                                     on estimated return,
                                                                                     and discounted at a
                                                                                     rate that reflects the
                                                                                     credit risks of various
                                                                                     counterparties.

                 Financial assets at FVTPL      80,000       80,000   Level 3      Net Value Model Key         The net value of         The higher the net
                                                                                     inputs: Net value of         underlying investment    value of underlying
                                                                                     underlying investment                                 investment, the higher
                                                                                                                                           the fair value

                 Investments in preferred            –        7,052   Level 3      Market Approach and         Expected volatility of    N/A
                   shares measured at                                                Black-Scholes Option         the underlying share
                   FVTPL                                                             Pricing Model                prices.
                                                                                   Key inputs: enterprise
                                                                                     value to sales
                                                                                     multiple, risk-free rate,
                                                                                     expected volatility of
                                                                                     the underlying share
                                                                                     prices, time to liquidity
                                                                                     event.

                 Equity instrument at           84,303            –   Level 2      Recent transaction price    N/A                       N/A
                   FVTOCI

                 There were no transfer between levels during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.




216   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
       Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement
                                                                                           Investments
                                                                                            in preferred
                                                                                                  shares
                                                                                              measured
                                                                                          at FVTPL and
                                                                                       Financial assets
                                                                                               at FVTPL
                                                                                               RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                                                                          105,743
       Purchase                                                                                    80,000
       Disposal of partial preferred shares                                                     (102,514)
       Exchange realignment                                                                         3,823


       At 31 December 2023                                                                         87,052
       Addition                                                                                          –
       Loss on fair value changes                                                                  (7,052)


       At 31 December 2024                                                                         80,000


       Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
       The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are
       determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash
       flow analysis.

       The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
       recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values
       at the end of each reporting period.




                                                          Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      45. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
           The tables below detail changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
           both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash
           flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows
           as cash flows from financing activities:

                                                                                   Non-trade
                                                                                    amounts
                                                                                      due to
                                               Loan      Dividends       Lease       related        Bank     Interest   Convertible
                                             payable      payables   liabilities     parties   borrowing    Payable         bonds         Total
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                  290,488       10,504    439,242         28,420   2,089,296       12,075     1,636,059     4,506,084
           Financing cash flows               (61,516)    (13,242)    (83,726)      (24,330)      (2,840)   (159,191)   (1,604,588)   (1,949,433)
           Non-cash changes:
           New leases entered                       –            –      59,473             –           –           –              –        59,473
           Interest expenses                        –            –      18,658             –       8,733      50,940          1,310        79,641
           Interest expenses capitalised        7,103            –           –             –           –     110,191              –      117,294
           Leases early terminated                  –            –    (13,199)             –           –           –              –      (13,199)
           Dividends declared                       –        2,738           –             –           –           –              –         2,738
           Exchange realignment                     –            –       1,477             –      32,279           –       (32,781)           975


           At 31 December 2023                 236,075           –     421,925         4,090   2,127,468       14,015             –    2,803,573
           Financing cash flows              (129,530)   (157,133)   (113,760)         3,549     110,677    (121,010)             –    (407,207)
           Non-cash changes:
           New leases entered                       –            –       7,085             –           –           –              –        7,085
           Interest expenses                        –            –      16,708             –      11,651      29,047              –       57,406
           Interest expenses capitalised        3,459            –           –             –           –      81,764              –       85,223
           Leases early terminated                  –            –       (530)             –           –           –              –        (530)
           Dividends declared                       –      157,133           –             –           –           –              –      157,133
           Offset of amount due from
              related parties                       –            –           –         6,010           –            –             –        6,010
           Exchange realignment                     –            –       3,449             –      20,300            –             –       23,749


           At 31 December 2024                110,004            –    334,877         13,649   2,270,096       3,816              –    2,732,442




218   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
  At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:

                                     Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
  Name of subsidiaries               establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                   2024         2023


  Directly held:

  BVI Holdco                         BVI                 –                       100%         100%     Investment holding
                                     1 March 2018

  Willsun BVI                        BVI                 US$205,600,000          100%         100%     Investment holding
                                     31 March 2017

  JINXIN Medical Management          BVI                 –                       100%         100%     Investment holding
    (BVI) Group Limited              13 October 2021

  Smiling Charm Limited              BVI                 US$50,000               100%         100%     Investment holding
                                     9 October 2019

  Indirectly held:

  Jinxin Fertility HK                Hong Kong           HK$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                     14 March 2018

  Sichuan Jinxin Fertility           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
    (Note ii)                        12 September 2016   RMB2,554,841,600

  Chengdu Xinan Clinic (Note ii)     PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
                                     1 September 2016    RMB22,222,222                                   services and management
                                                                                                         services

  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital        PRC                 Registered capital     99.90%      99.90%     Assisted reproductive
    (Note ii)                        18 May 2004         RMB20,000,000                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                         medical services

  Chengdu Jinyi Enterprise           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Property investment
    Management Co., Ltd. (Note ii)   27 December 2018    RMB1,000,000

  Shenzhen Yuji Property Services    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Property management
    Co., Ltd. (“Yuji Property”)      16 September 2009   RMB300,000                                      services to group
    (Note ii)                                                                                            companies




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)
                                                  Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                   establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                                2024         2023


           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司 PRC                                      Registered capital       75%          75%     Assisted reproductive
            Wuhan Jinxin Integrated       17 February 2006            RMB80,000,000                                   services and ancillary
            Gynecology and Obstetrics                                                                                 medical services
            Hospital Co., Ltd (Note ii) *

           錦瑞醫療中心                                 Laos                Registered              100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
            Jinrui Medical Center                 20 March 2020       capital Lao Kip                                 services
                                                                      25,000,000,000

           HRC Management                         U.S.A.              US$80,000               100%         100%     Provision for management
                                                  3 November 2015                                                     services and surgery
                                                                                                                      centre facilities

           NexGenomics, LLC                       U.S.A.              US$100                  100%         100%     PGS Testing services
                                                  4 February 2015

           Jinxin Women Wellness Limited          BVI                 US$1,000                 51%          51%     Investment holding
                                                  7 July 2021

           上海錦霄醫療管理有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Shanghai Jinxiao Medical              9 December 2020     RMB1,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd (Note ii)*

           深圳市萊恩服務諮詢有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Shenzhen Laien Service                3 April 2020        RMB100,000
            Consulting Co., Ltd (Note ii)*

           JXR New Hope Limited                   BVI                 US$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                  27 February 2020

           Willsun Fertility US Delaware          U.S.A.              –                         N/A        100%     Investment holding
             LLC (Note iii)                       5 April 2017

           HRC Fertility Holding Inc.             U.S.A.              US$82,151,863           100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                  7 May 2018




220   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)
                                       Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                     2024         2023


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   成都錦欣輝明企業管理有限公司                      PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Chengdu Jinxin Huiming             19 November 2021    RMB1,100,000,000
    Enterprise Management
    Co., Ltd (Note ii)*

   Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction     Hong Kong           HK$10,000                51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
     Centre Limited                    3 May 2011                                                          services

   Hong Kong Reproductive Health       Hong Kong           HK$10,000                51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
     Centre Limited                    14 June 2007                                                        services and ancillary
                                                                                                           medical services

   Jinxin Asia Healthcare Investment   Cayman              US$50,000               100%           N/A    Investment holding
      Ltd. (Note i)                    6 June 2024

   Jinxin Asia Investment Ltd.         BVI                 US$1                    100%           N/A    Investment holding
      (Note i)                         25 June 2024

   JINXIN LIFE ASIA HEALTHCARE         Singapore           US$1                    100%           N/A    Investment holding
     INVESTMENT GROUP PTE. LTD.        8 July 2024
     (Note i)

   JINXIN Hospital Management          Cayman              US$50,000               100%         100%     Investment holding
     Group Limited                     31 January 2018

   Jinxin Global Medical               BVI                 US$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
      Company Limited                  11 April 2018

   Jinxin Investment Group Limited     Hong Kong           HK$1                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                       22 December 2017

   錦欣醫療投資有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
    Jinxin Medical Investment          25 August 2015      RMB1,000,000
    Company Ltd (Note ii)*




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)
                                               Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                             2024         2023


           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           成都市錦邁創新實驗檢測有限公司                     PRC                 Registered capital       51%          51%     Sales of medical
            (“Chengdu Jinmai”) (Note ii)*      17 June 2019        RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
                                                                                                                   equipment

           成都錦欣健康管理有限公司                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Sales of medical
            Chengdu Jinxin Health              24 December 2014    RMB4,850,000                                    consumables and
            Management Co., Ltd (Note ii)*                                                                         equipment

           四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Obstetrics, gynecology
            Jinxin Women and Children          09 December 2016    RMB125,386,636                                 and pediatrics medical
            Hospital (Note ii)*                                                                                   services

           四川錦欣醫療管理有限公司                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Sichuan Jinxin Medical             08 December 2021    US$1,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd (Note ii)*

           成都錦欣產康健康管理諮詢有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital       57%          51%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
            Chengdu Jinxin Chankang Health     18 April 2022       RMB5,000,000                                    care services
            Management Consulting Co., Ltd
            (Note ii)*

           成都龍泉驛錦欣產康診所有限公司                     PRC                 Registered capital       57%          51%     Postpartum and rehabilitation
            Chengdu Longquanyi Jinxin          23 May 2022         RMB1,000,000                                    care services
            Chankang Clinic Co., Ltd.
            (Note ii)*

           海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公司                      PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Real estate development and
            Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise     23 November 2021    RMB2,100,000,000                                operation
            Management Co., Ltd. (“Hainan
            Sanya”) (Note ii)*

           Shenzhen Hengyu (Note ii)           PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Real estate development and
                                               30 June 2014        RMB10,000,000                                   operation




222   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)
                                       Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                     2024         2023


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   Kunming Hewanjia Hospital           PRC                 Registered capital     96.50%      96.50%     Assisted reproductive
     (Note ii)                         15 January 2014     RMB55,714,286                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                           medical services

   Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital             PRC                 Registered capital     96.50%      96.50%     Assisted reproductive
     (Note ii)                         24 September 2003   RMB42,857,143                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                           medical services

   Guangzhou Yunzhicai (Note ii)       PRC                 Registered capital     89.80%      89.80%     Investment holding
                                       18 March 2021       RMB13,720,000

   Guangzhou Hejia (Note ii)           PRC                 Registered capital     89.80%      89.80%     Investment holding
                                       14 May 2021         RMB19,130,000

   Guangdong Kangzhi (Note ii)         PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
                                       5 March 2018        RMB49,300,000

   雲南咪寶母嬰護理有限公司                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Maternal-Child nursing
    Yunnan Mibao Maternal-Child        10 November 2017    RMB1,000,000                                   services
    Nursing Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*

   成都錦薈科技有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
    Chengdu Jinhui Technology          04 March 2020       RMB87,285,000
    Co., Ltd (Note ii)*

   四川錦欣生殖生命健康研究有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and development
    Sichuan Jinxin Reproductive Life   23 June 2021        RMB200,000,000                                  of IVF related projects,
    and Health Research Co., Ltd.                                                                          including scientific
    (Notes ii)*                                                                                            research and related
                                                                                                           commercialisation

   深圳市錦欣醫療科技創新中心                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and development
    有限公司                               24 March 2020       RMB71,300,000                                   of IVF related projects,
    Jinxin Medical Innovation                                                                              including scientific
    Research Center (Note ii)*                                                                             research and related
                                                                                                           commercialisation




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)
                                                 Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                  establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                               2024         2023


           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           成都錦久匯美餐飲管理有限公司                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Operating restaurant
            Chengdu Jinjiu Huimei Catering       12 May 2023         RMB1,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*

           成都欣孕來藥房有限公司 Chengdu                   PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Sales of medicines
            Xinyunlai Pharmacy Co., Ltd.         20 May 2024         RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
            (Notes i & ii)*                                                                                          equipment

           成都欣生康健大藥房有限責任公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Sales of medicines
            Chengdu Xinsheng Kangjian            2 December 2024     RMB50,000                                       consumables and
            Pharmacy Co., Ltd. (Notes i & ii)*                                                                       equipment

           成都惠普康大藥房有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Sales of medicines
            Chengdu Huipukang                    12 November 2020    RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
            (Notes ii & v)*                                                                                          equipment

           深圳中山生殖與遺傳研究所                          PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Research and development
            Shenzhen Zhongshan                   19 January 2009     RMB1,000,000                                    of IVF related projects,
            Reproductive Institute                                                                                   including scientific
            (Note ii)*                                                                                               research and related
                                                                                                                     commercialisation

           北海錦誠投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                      PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Beihai Jincheng Investment           20 April 2022       RMB100,000
            Partnership (Limited Partnership)
            (Note ii)*

           北海錦欣旭逸醫療管理合夥企業                        PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            (有限合夥)                               20 April 2022       RMB100,000
            Beihai Jinxin Xuyi Medical
            Management Partnership
            (Limited Partnership) (Note ii)*




224   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)
                                           Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                    establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                         2024         2023


   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   西藏錦理企業管理有限公司                            PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
    Xizang Jinli Enterprise                7 November 2023     RMB200,000,000
    Management Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*

   成都欣運生藥房有限公司                             PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Sales of medical
    Chengdu Xinyunsheng Pharmacy           18 May 2023         RMB1,000,000                                    consumables and
    Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*                                                                                       equipment

   成都金牛錦欣悅診所有限公司                           PRC                 –                         N/A         51%     Other hospital- derived
    Chengdu Jinniu Jinxinyue               12 July 2023                                                        services
    Clinic Co., Ltd. (Note iii)*

   成都錦欣韻餐飲有限公司                             PRC                 Registered capital       57%          51%     Operating restaurant
    Chengdu Jinxinyun Catering             16 November 2023    RMB50,000
    Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*

   成都天府新區錦欣宜診所有限公司                         PRC                 Registered capital       57%          51%     Other hospital- derived
    Chengdu Tianfu New District            9 November 2023     RMB1,000,000                                    services
    Jinxinyi Clinic Co., Ltd. (Note ii)*

   奇浚有限公司                                  Hong Kong           HK$2                    100%         100%     Investment holding
    Miracle Legend                         26 February 2011
    Limited (Note iv)*

   茂名奇浚林業有限公司                              PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Property investment
    Maoming Qijun Forestry                 21 November 2011    US$400,000
    Co., Ltd. (Notes ii & iv)*

   昆明報喜星健康管理有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Management consultancy
    Kunming Baoxixing Health               14 June 2024        RMB100,000
    Management Co., Ltd.
    (Notes i & ii)*




                                                                               Annual Report 2024      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      46. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)
                                             Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries              establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                           2024         2023


           Structured entity:

           成都錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Jinrun Fude (Note ii)*           9 May 2018          RMB300,000

           成都錦逸弘康企業管理有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Jinyi Hongkang (Note ii)*        5 February 2018     RMB100,000

           Notes:

           *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                  directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

           i      The company was established in 2024.

           ii     The company is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in PRC.

           iii    The subsidiary had been deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2024.

           iv     In November 2023, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Miracle Legend Limited and its subsidiary with a
                  consideration of RMB820,000.

           v      In June 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Chengdu Huipukang.


           As at 31 December 2024, none of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group has material non-
           controlling interests.




226   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




47. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY
                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


  Non-current assets
  Interests in subsidiaries                                         10,555,144             9,364,527
  Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                          –                 7,052
  Prepayments                                                                –                34,890
  Loan receivable                                                       22,391                21,423
  Life insurance policy                                                 24,467                23,511


                                                                    10,602,002             9,451,403


  Current assets
  Prepayment and other receivables                                      23,377                 19,407
  Amounts due from subsidiaries                                        534,894                242,729
  Bank balances and cash                                                 7,107                  1,994


                                                                       565,378                264,130


  Current liabilities
  Other payables                                                         5,319                 16,670
  Amounts due to subsidiaries                                        2,611,042                138,521
  Borrowings                                                           793,942                168,290


                                                                     3,410,303                323,481


  Net current liabilities                                           (2,844,925)               (59,351)


  Total assets less current liabilities                              7,757,077             9,392,052


  Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings — Non current                                                     –           1,379,664


                                                                               –           1,379,664


  Net assets                                                         7,757,077             8,012,388


  Capital and Reserves
  Share capital (Note 38)                                                  182                   180
  Reserves                                                           7,756,895             8,012,208


  Total equity                                                       7,757,077             8,012,388



                                                      Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      47. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY (Continued)
           Movement in Company’s reserve
                                                                         Shares         Equity-
                                                                        held for        settled
                                                                      restricted   share-based
                                                           Share    share award       payment     Accumulated    Translation
                                                        premium         scheme         reserve         losses        reserve     Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                            7,878,111              *        59,176       (271,596)     (661,612)   7,004,079
           Loss for the year                                    –              –             –        (39,126)             –     (39,126)
           Other comprehensive expense                          –              –             –               –       (5,145)      (5,145)

           Total comprehensive expense
              for the year                                      –              –              –       (39,126)       (5,145)    (44,271)
           Share cancelled (Note 38)                            –              –              –              –             –           –
           Issue of new shares pursuant to the
              Restricted Share Award Scheme                    –             (2)              –             –              –         (2)
           Issue of shares (Note 38)                     999,574               –              –             –              –    999,574
           Transaction costs attributable to issue of
              shares                                        (602)              –              –             –              –       (602)
           Dividends recognised as distribution                 –              –              –             –              –           –
           Recognition of equity-settled
              share-bases payment (Note 39)                    –               –         53,430             –              –      53,430
           Exercise of restricted shares (Note 39)        27,014               *       (27,014)             –              –           –

           At 31 December 2023                          8,904,097            (2)        85,592       (310,722)     (666,757)   8,012,208


           At 1 January 2024                            8,904,097            (2)        85,592       (310,722)     (666,757)   8,012,208
           Loss for the year                                    –              –             –       (101,468)             –   (101,468)
           Other comprehensive expense                          –              –             –               –           185         185

           Total comprehensive expense
              for the year                                      –             –              –       (101,468)          185    (101,283)
           Repurchase of shares                          (51,313)             *              –               –            –     (51,313)
           Issue of new shares pursuant to the
           Restricted Share Award Scheme                        –            (2)             –              –             –          (2)
           Dividends recognised as distribution         (150,000)              –             –              –             –    (150,000)
           Recognition of equity-settled share-
              bases payment (Note 39)                          –              –         47,285              –             –       47,285
           Forfeiture of equity-settled-share-
              based payment (Note 39(b))                       –              –           (847)           847             –            –
           Vesting of restricted shares
              (Note 39)                                   65,940              1        (65,941)             –             –            –

           At 31 December 2024                          8,768,724            (3)        66,089       (411,343)     (666,572)   7,756,895

           *       The amount is less than RMB1,000.



228   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




48. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
   Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group also entered into
   the following non-cash transactions:

   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the consideration of the investment in Jincheng Hongda
   with amount of RMB84,303,000, accounted as equity instrument at FVTOCI, was utilised by the
   prepayment on acquisition of equity interests.

   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for Jinxin
   Investment Group Limited for 3 years without extension options. On the lease commencements, the
   Group recognised RMB6,023,000 of right-of-use assets and RMB6,023,000 lease liabilities.

   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for a
   hospital in Kunming for 10 years without extension options. On the lease commencements, the Group
   recognised RMB42,186,000 of right-of-use assets and RMB42,186,000 lease liabilities in Kunming.

49. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Group has been involved in legal proceedings and claims during the current period that arise in
   the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute claims brought
   by the former patients or employees over the past few years.

   The Group has been vigorously defending these legal proceedings and claims. The Directors believe
   that the final outcome of these outstanding legal proceedings and claims will not have a material
   impact on the financial position or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be
   determined with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no material provision has
   been made regarding these legal proceedings and claims during the current period.




                                                              Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   229
      Definitions



      In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context
      otherwise requires:

      “2022 Contractual Arrangements”            the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
                                                 entered into by, among others, Jinxin Medical Investment, the
                                                 Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and
                                                 Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus), Jinxin Women and
                                                 Child Hospital details of which are described in the Company’s
                                                 announcement dated November 26, 2021

      “2022 Share Award Scheme”                  the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by
                                                 the Company on February 17, 2022 and amended by the Company
                                                 on June 25, 2024, the principal terms of which are summarized in the
                                                 circular of the Company dated May 31, 2024

      “AGM”                                      annual general meeting of the Company

      “ARC”                                      Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助生育中心
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                                 on May 3, 2011, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “ARS”                                      assisted reproductive service(s)

      “Articles of Association”                  the articles of association of the Company (as amended from time to
                                                 time)

      “Audit and Risk Management                 the audit and risk management committee of the Board
        Committee”

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”            the board of Directors of the Company

      “BVI”                                      British Virgin Islands

      “Cayman Islands Companies Law”             the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22
                                                 (Law 3 of 1961), as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified
                                                 from time to time

      “CG Code”                                  the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
                                                 Listing Rules

      “Chairman”                                 the Chairman of the Board




230   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                             Definitions



“Chengdu Xinan Clinic”             Chengdu Jinjiang Xinan Clinic Co., Ltd* (成都錦江西囡診所有限公
                                   司) (previously known as Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
                                   Co., Ltd. (成 都 西 囡 婦 科 醫 院 有 限 公 司)), a company established
                                   in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited liability on
                                   November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

“China”, “Mainland China” or the   the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this
  “PRC”                            annual report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and
                                   Taiwan

“Company”, “Jinxin Fertility”,     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司*), previously
  “Jinxin”, “we” or “our”          known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited, an exempted
                                   company established in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
                                   May 3, 2018

“Contractual Arrangements”         the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                                   Arrangements, the 2021 Contractual Arrangements, the 2022
                                   Contractual Arrangements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                                   Hospital Contractual Arrangements

“Director(s)”                      the director(s) of the Company

“ESOP”                             collectively the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, the 2022 Share Award Scheme
                                   and the Share Option Scheme

“Group”                            the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK dollar(s)” or “HK$” or “HKD”   Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hewanjia Hospital”                Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co.,
                                   Ltd.* (昆 明 錦 欣 和 萬 家 婦 產 醫 院 有 限 公 司), a company established
                                   under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on January 15, 2014
                                   and a subsidiary of the Group

“Hong Kong”                        the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“HRC Fertility”                    HRC Management and HRC Medical

“HRC Investment”                   HRC In ve stme n t H o l di n g, L L C , a l i mi te d l i a bi l i ty c o m p any
                                   established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on June 2,
                                   2017, the Group’s substantial shareholder




                                                               Annual Report 2024     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    231
      Definitions



      “HRC Management”                           HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company
                                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                                 November 3, 2015, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “HRC Medical”                              Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                                 corporation established under the laws of California, the United
                                                 States on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company by
                                                 virtue of being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Bradford
                                                 A. Kolb and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics and three IVF
                                                 laboratories in California which it owns

      “HRC MSA”                                  the amended and restated management services agreement dated
                                                 January 22, 2019 pursuant to which HRC Management provided
                                                 non-medical management services to HRC Medical

      “ICSI”                                     intracytoplasmic sperm injection

      “IFRS”                                     International Financial Reporting Standards

      “IVF”                                      in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are
                                                 incubated together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system to
                                                 achieve pregnancy

      “Jinjiang District Maternity and           Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital (成
         Child Health Hospital”                  都市錦江區婦幼保健院), a non-profit maternity and child healthcare
                                                 hospital established in the PRC in 1954, the IVF center of which is
                                                 jointly managed by the Group

      “Jinrun Fude”                              Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited (成都
                                                 錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司), a limited liability company established
                                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on May 9, 2018, the
                                                 Group’s subsidiary by virtue of contractual arrangements

      “Jinrun Fude Registered                    two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
         Shareholders”                           and Ms. Zhu Yujuan

      “Jinxin Fertility BVI”                     JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited, a limited liability company
                                                 established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on November
                                                 13, 2017, the Company’s substantial shareholder

      “Jinxin Medical Investment”                Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有限公
                                                 司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                                 liability, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2022 Contractual
                                                 Arrangements




232   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                Definitions



“Jiuzhou Hospital”           Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九州醫院有限公
                             司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                             liability on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of the Group

“Jinyi Hongkang”             Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co, Ltd.* (成都錦逸
                             弘康企業管理有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                             the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2022
                             Contractual Arrangements

“Jinyi Hongkang Registered   two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Ms. Lyu Rong
   Shareholders”             and Mr. Xu Jun

“Kangseed Investment”        a minority shareholding interest investment by the Group in the
                             holding company of a company primarily operating an App for online
                             health management for women

“Listing”                    the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
                             June 25, 2019

“Listing Date”               June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed on the
                             Main Board

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange,
                             as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”                 Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                 the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                             Issuers contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“OPU”                        oocyte pick up cycle

“Physician Shareholders”     Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Daniel A. Potter, Dr. Jane L. Frederick,
                             Dr. David Tourgeman, Dr. Bradford A. Kolb, Dr. John G. Wilcox, Dr.
                             Jeffrey Nelson and Dr. Robert Boostanfar, each a certified physician
                             in California, United States, and ultimate beneficial shareholder of
                             HRC Investment, and all of them together are connected persons of
                             our Company by virtue of being our substantial Shareholders

“Pre-IPO RSU Scheme”         the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                             Company on February 15, 2019, which has been terminated as at
                             June 30, 2024




                                                    Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   233
      Definitions



      “Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital”             Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成 都 西 囡 婦 科 醫 院), a
                                                 privately funded non-enterprise entity (民辦非企業單位) established
                                                 on March 31, 2010, predecessor of Chengdu Xinan Hospital

      “Prospectus”                               the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

      “R&D”                                      research and development

      “Renminbi” or “RMB”                        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Reporting Period”                         the twelve-month period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024

      “RHC”                                      Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (香港生育康健中心
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                                 on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary, and is operated
                                                 under the brand name Gratia Medical Centre

      “RSU”                                      a restricted share unit award granted to a participant under the Pre-
                                                 IPO RSU Scheme

      “Restricted Shares”                        any Shares that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                                 Eligible Participant under the 2022 Share Award Scheme

      “SFO”                                      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                                 Kong)

      “Share(s)”                                 ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                                 US$0.00001 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                           holder(s) of Share(s)

      “Share Option Scheme”                      the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                                 June 3, 2019, which has been terminated as at June 30, 2024

      “Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”              Shenzhen Zhongshan Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital (深圳中
                                                 山婦產醫院), a company established in Shenzhen, PRC with limited
                                                 liability on May 18, 2004, the Group’s indirect subsidiary that is a for-
                                                 profit specialty hospital

      “Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”                 Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖
                                                 醫療管理有限公司), previously known as Chengdu Jinde Corporate
                                                 Management Company Limited (成 都 錦 德 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                                 company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability
                                                 on September 12, 2016, our indirect subsidiary




234   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                            Definitions



“Sichuan Jinxin Medical              Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management Co., Ltd* (四川錦欣醫療管理有
   Management”                       限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability on
                                     December 8, 2021, the Group’s subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital”      collectively, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Bisheng Campus) and
                                     Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital       Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Bisheng Campus)
   (Bisheng Campus)”                 (四 川 錦 欣 西 囡 婦 女 兒 童 醫 院 畢 昇 院 區), a company established
                                     in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC with limited liability on
                                     November 10, 2015, the Group’s subsidiary

“Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital       Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Women & Children Hospital (Jingxiu Campus)
   (Jingxiu Campus)”                 (四川錦欣西囡婦女兒童醫院靜秀院區), a company established under
                                     the laws of the PRC with limited liability on December 9, 2016 that is
                                     a for-profit women and children hospital, the fertility center of which
                                     was jointly managed by the Group

“Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“success rate”                       the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for
                                     discussion in the Prospectus and this annual report

“U.S.”, “US”, or “United States”     the United States of America

“U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$” or “USD”   United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States of
                                     America

“VIE”                                variable interest entity

“VIE Entities”                       the entities that we control certain percentage of their shareholding
                                     through the Contractual Arrangements which comprised, as at the
                                     date of this annual report, Chengdu Xinan Clinic, Shenzhen
                                     Zhongshan Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Xinan Hospital (Jingxiu
                                     Campus), Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital




                                                                Annual Report 2024   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   235
      Definitions



      “WP Partnership”                           WP Healthcare Investment (Wuxi Yixing) Partnership (Limited
                                                 Partnership), a comprehensive investment fund

      “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                    Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,.
                                                 Ltd (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company established
                                                 in PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006, the Group’s
                                                 indirect subsidiary

      In this annual report, the terms “associate”, “associated corporation”, “connected person”, “controlling
      shareholder” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the
      context otherwise requires.

      *   For identification purpose only




236   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
