Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
                                                                             *
(Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 01951



Annual Report
2022




  * For identification purposes only
                         Contents
                                                     Page



                                 Company Profile      2
                            Corporate Information     4
                               Financial Summary      6
                            Chairman’s Statement      7
             Management Discussion and Analysis       9
                 Directors and Senior Management     34
                               Report of Directors   45
                    Corporate Governance Report      90
                     Independent Auditor’s Report    107
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
                           Comprehensive Income      112
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   114
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity     116
            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows     119
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    122
                                       Definitions   262
    Company Profile



    The Group is a leading ARS provider in China and the United States. The assisted reproductive medical
    facilities in the Group’s network in China ranked third in China’s ARS market in 2018 with 20,958 in
    IVF treatment cycles performed, representing approximately 3.1% of the total market share in China,
    according to the market research report on the China and US ARS market prepared by Frost & Sullivan
    (Beijing) Inc., Shanghai Branch Co., (the “F&S Report”). These facilities also ranked first among China’s
    non-state owned ARS providers in 2018 based on the same metric. HRC Fertility (including HRC Medical,
    which is managed by HRC Management pursuant to the MSA) ranked first in the Western United States
    in 2018. Leveraging the Group’s existing market leadership in China and the United States, the Group is
    uniquely positioned to capture unmet demand of ARS patients in China and the United States as well as
    growth opportunities in both markets. The Group endeavors to provide patients with personalized solutions
    to fulfill their dreams of becoming parents.

    The Group has established a competitive advantage on branding, technology, medical staff and
    management in a market with significant entry barriers. All hospitals established in the Group’s network
    are recognized as top-notch in their respective regional market, including but not limited to Sichuan
    Province, the Greater Bay Area, Yunnan Province and the Western United States, which contributes to
    the Group’s leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States. In 2021, the Group
    acquired the Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, RHC (brand name: Gratia Medical Center) and ARC to
    expand its footprint in Sichuan Province and the Greater Bay Area and diversified its service offerings to
    provide a full lifecycle of fertility services covering pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal, childbirth and
    postpartum. In the first half of 2022, by taking advantage of the Group’s core business of ARS services,
    the Group further expanded its service offerings through integrating its ARS, obstetrics, gynaecology and
    paediatrics business to create synergies and increased its control in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital from
    79.44% to 99.90%. The Group also acquired a new property in February 2022, which will be officially put
    into operation in early 2024 for our Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, with a view to capture the anticipated
    growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater Bay Area and expand its
    capacity. The Group also completed the acquisition of controlling interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and
    Hewanjia Hospital, thereby, further expanding the Company’s market share and influence in Southwest
    China. In late 2022, the Group conducted an internal restructuring in November which completed in
    December to enable Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to further expand its scope of offerings and
    provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics Services in accordance with the applicable PRC
    laws. We expect the inclusion of Molecular Genetics Services, being the cutting-edge technology for
    pre-natal examination, to further strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. Regarding our
    United States operations, we have further deepened our collaboration with USC Fertility where (i) 3 doctors
    from USC Fertility practiced and provided clinical services at the Pasadena Clinic under HRC; (ii) the
    number of physicians participating in USC’s fellowship program increased from 4 to 6 with the support of
    HRC to nurture more physicians; and (iii) HRC and USC Fertility co-founded a research committee and
    collaborated on IVF-related clinical research to improve the quality of fertility treatment. We believe, by
    leveraging our existing resources and continuously recruiting talents and elites in joining our Group, we
    are able to replicate our success to the new regions we have entered into.




2   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Company Profile



The Group expects the penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive services in China to
significantly increase as the PRC government implements supportive policies and supportive measures
to encourage fertility. In July 2021, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
State Council issued the “Decision on Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced
Population Development” (《關於優化生育政策促進人口長期均衡發展的決定》), where couples are allowed
to have up to three children, and supportive measures are being introduced covering various aspects to
encourage births. The “Human Assisted Reproductive Technology Application Plan (2015–2020)” (《人
類輔助生殖技術應用規劃(2015–2020)》) issued by the National Health Commission aims to promote the
healthy development of the reproductive medicine industry in an orderly manner to meet the market
demands. According to a recent reply by the National Health Commission, it has launched the revision of
administrative measures, basis standards and technical specifications related to assisted reproductive
technology in order to establish and improve legal egg donation and storage channel. In August 2022,
17 governmental authorities including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further
Improving and Implementing Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持
措施的指導意見》) to guide local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including
maternity insurance) funds, relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance
with the procedures, gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in
the coverage of such medical insurance funds.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   3
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    STRATEGIC DECISIONS
    Executive Directors                                   COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                             Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. John G. Wilcox                                    Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. Fang Min
    Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)             Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Dr. Geng Lihong                                       Mr. Li Jianwei


    Non-executive Directors                               MEDICAL QUALITY CONTROL AND
    Mr. Fang Min
                                                          R&D COMMITTEE
    Ms. Hu Zhe                                            Mr. Zhong Ying (Chairman)
    Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                      Dr. Chong Yat Keung
                                                          Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Independent Non-executive Directors                   Mr. Zeng Yong
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Li Jianwei                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                       Ms. Zhai Yangyang
    Mr. Ye Changqing                                      Ms. Ng Sau Mei

    AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT                             AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    COMMITTEE                                             Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                           Ms. Ng Sau Mei
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Mr. Fang Min                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hu Zhe
                                                          Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
                                                          P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
                                                          KY1-1111
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Cayman Islands
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. Dong Yang
    Mr. Fang Min
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
    Dr. Chong Yat Keung
    Dr. John G. Wilcox
    Mr. Wang Xiaobo
    Mr. Ye Changqing




4   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                        Corporate Information



HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL                  AUDITOR
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
No. 301, North Jingsha Road                 Certified Public Accountants
Jinjiang District, Chengdu                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Sichuan, China                              35/F One Pacific Place
                                            88 Queensway
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                 Hong Kong

IN HONG KONG
                                            STOCK CODE
31/F, Tower Two, Times Square
1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay             1951
Hong Kong
                                            COMPANY’S WEBSITE
CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE                        www.jxr-fertility.com
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
KY1-1111
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
Fangda Partners
26/F, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong




                                                   Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   5
    Financial Summary



                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                      2018        2019         2020       2021         2022
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000


    Operating results
    Revenue                                         921,994   1,648,496   1,426,088    1,838,826    2,364,479
    Gross profit                                    413,119     816,795     565,781      771,482      874,319
    Profit before taxation                          276,588     547,900     349,134      457,927      154,324
    Net profit                                      212,124     420,677     260,496      353,697      117,949
    Adjusted net profit                             264,210     530,347     372,278      455,276      274,136
    Profitability
    Gross margin                                      44.8%      49.5%       39.7%        42.0%        37.0%
    Net profit margin                                 23.0%      25.5%       18.3%        19.2%         5.0%
    Adjusted net profit margin                        28.7%      32.2%       26.1%        24.8%        11.6%


                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                      2018       2019        2020        2021          2022
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


    Financial position
    Total assets                                  6,558,308   8,941,145   9,163,227   12,825,390   15,232,037
    Total equity                                  4,499,798   7,642,395   7,462,486    8,752,701    8,735,128
    Total liabilities                             2,058,510   1,298,750   1,700,741    4,072,689    6,496,909
    Bank balances and cash                        1,184,190     579,637     681,619      862,325    1,316,549




6   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                    Chairman’s Statement



Dear all investors:

A new year is an opportunity to turn over a new leaf. 2022 was a year full of challenges and the recurrence
of the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions have tested the operations of the Company.

Despite of the difficulties, the medical facilities under Jinxin Fertility managed to perform 26,125 IVF
treatment cycles in 2022 and the success rate of our main hospitals in China increased from 54.5% in
2021 to 55.6% in 2022. The Company achieved a total revenue of RMB2,364 million in 2022, representing
an increase of 28.6% compared to that of 2021. It is worth mentioning that the integration of our ARS
business with our obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business by our medical facilities in Chengdu
has achieved remarkable results. The obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics segment of the Company
has achieved excellent performance and growth in the number of childbirth delivered against the adverse
market conditions, and generated an annual net profit of approximately RMB135 million, which exceeded
our performance targets.

The COVID-19 pandemic lasted for three years, during which, Jinxin Fertility has faced various
uncertainties both at home and abroad. In response, the Company has carried out a series of important
and effective strategic measures in all respects in making the Company more resilient and risk-
resistant compared to before the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. In regards to the optimization of
the management team, we have built a pyramid-shaped management organization structure within the
Company and aligned our interests with the management of our medical facilities in China by offering
core management shareholding and equity incentive schemes to maximize the efficiency of management.
Further, in view of its long-term development, we have completed a major organizational restructure
to our management structure in the United States and have upgraded its doctor partnership model by
establishing a scientific and structured talent management system and sufficient talent reserves. After
having completed the iteration of the new and old management team, we are prepared to commence the
second wave of our developments.

Benefiting from the support of a strong management team, Jinxin Fertility was able to optimize and
enhance its capabilities in all aspects in 2022, including clinical standards, talent nurturing, scientific
research and innovation, inventing new disciplines in the assisted reproduction industry and organization
construction, and has undertaken a series of adjustments on the expansion of supply chain production
capacity, adoption of new information systems and business integration, thus laying the foundation for
business recovery and growth in the post-pandemic era.

According to statistics, the total number of assisted reproductive cycles performed in major developed
countries continued to grow rapidly in recent years and there were numerous international mergers
and acquisitions transactions in the assisted reproduction market. In view of the continuous decline of
birth rate in China, the current condition and the trend of introducing new policies to promote fertility by
governments at all levels, we believe that the assisted reproduction industry will soon enter into its prime
and develop vigorously in the future.

As a leading enterprise in the global assisted reproduction industry, Jinxin Fertility has taken the lead in
establishing strong industry barriers and is well-positioned to capture the anticipated growth of the global
assisted reproduction industry.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   7
    Chairman’s Statement



    Based on macro-environmental factors such as market maturity, policy dividends, market compliance,
    Jinxin Fertility will continue to focus on the development of its operations in the two prime markets of China
    and the United States in the next five years. Moreover, Jinxin Fertility will continue to expand its business
    layout in the United States, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and Southeast Asia, build
    an integrated platform for cross-border assisted reproductive treatment, and increase its market share in
    the assisted reproduction business in both China and the United States. Through strategic mergers and
    acquisitions while optimizing the shareholder structure and incubation projects of the Group, the Company
    will continue to consolidate its leading position in the assisted reproduction industry, take steps to
    establish a long-term growth path and gradually strengthen its position in the global assisted reproduction
    market.

    Just as every new year turns over a new leaf, every success is captured by taking actions. In 2023, we will
    continue to work together to write a new chapter on the development of Jinxin Fertility.




    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited
    Zhong Yong
    Chairman

    March 30, 2023




8   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS UPDATES
In 2022, the global economy continued to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which slowed down its
recovery, and the recurrence of the pandemic also posed greater challenges to our assisted reproductive
business. In facing the impact of the pandemic on the business, the Company continued to optimize and
enhance its capabilities from all aspects, including clinical standards, talent nurturing, scientific research
and innovation, inventing new disciplines in the assisted reproduction industry, organization construction,
supply chain management, production capacity expansion, adopting new information systems and
business integration, thus laying the foundation for business recovery and growth in the post-pandemic
era. In the past year, the Company has also achieved remarkable results in these areas.

In terms of our assisted reproductive business, we are committed to continuously improving the success
rate of our fertility treatments, enhancing patient experience and strengthening our market reputation and
influence in the ARS industry. In terms of talents, we have continued to strengthen the capabilities of our
team of medical professionals through recruitment and internal training. In terms of scientific research,
we have invested further in our research and development teams and research initiatives, enhanced the
transferability of our scientific research into clinical applications, and promoted the improvement of clinical
standards. In terms of specialities, we continued to strengthen our advantages through the construction of
featured specialty hospitals and treatment of specific diseases. In terms of operations and management,
we established refined and innovative measures to improve the operation and management efficiency
of our hospitals. In terms of business expansion, we expanded the capacity of our existing hospitals
on the one hand, and acquired new hospitals in regions with potential for the development of assisted
reproductive business on the other hand, both capturing the growth potential of the industry. In terms of
adopting new information systems, the Group, in collaboration with Jinxin Technology, actively promoted
the construction of artificial intelligence (“AI”) powered smart hospitals to improve the convenience of
patients’ medical treatment, and facilitate the operation and management of hospitals. These measures
reinforced our leading edge and market leading position in assisted reproductive business in China and
the United States.

Since successfully completing the acquisition of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital and other businesses
specializing in obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services in November 2021, we continued
to leverage our advantage in ARS and diversify our service offerings to provide a full lifecycle of fertility
services covering pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal, childbirth and postpartum. The Group has also
conducted an internal restructuring in November 2022 which completed in December 2022 to enable
Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to further expand its scope of offerings and provide medical services
involving Molecular Genetics Services in accordance with the applicable PRC laws. Jinxin Women and
Children Hospital is the only private Class III Grade A obstetrics, gynaecology and paediatrics hospitals
in Sichuan Province and also one of the largest private obstetrics, gynaecology and paediatrics hospitals
in China. In 2022, we had integrated our ARS, obstetrics, gynaecology and paediatrics business to create
synergies and produced positive results. In Chengdu, the number of patients who received ARS and
became successfully pregnant through Chengdu Xinan Hospital and in turn sought for obstetrics services
and maintained a clinical profile in the obstetrics department of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital in
2022 increased by 63% compared to 2021, and the number of patients who visited the infertility division
of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital and in turn visited Chengdu Xinan Hospital for initial diagnosis
of IVF in 2022 increased by 47% compared to 2021. Through leveraging on our advantages in ARS, and
obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services, we were able to reinforce our specialities and
capability to treat specific diseases, such as establishing obstetric clinics designated for IVF, and we
expect that this will allow us to better attract and serve patients.




                                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Chengdu operations
     Chengdu Xinan Hospital
     We always position our patients as our top priority and are committed to improving the success rate of
     IVF and enhancing the patient experience. Since our establishment, we have consistently provided our
     patients with quality medical services compliant with international standards and that our medical services
     are of high quality.

     In order to provide patients with superior and personalized ARS treatment solutions, we classify our
     outpatient services at Chengdu Xinan Hospital into five specialized categories: (i) patients with repeated
     IVF failures and thin endometrium; (ii) elder patients (aged 35 or above); (iii) younger patients (aged
     below 35); (iv) patients with PCOS (Polycystic Ovary Syndrome); and (v) IVF and artificial insemination
     (especially for ethnic minorities). Furthermore, we arrange “one-on-one consultants” for patients who
     have experienced IVF failure in order to better respond to their special needs both physically and
     psychologically and thus improve their success rate. In 2022, the success rate of IVF for our Chengdu
     Xinan Hospital and Jinjiang IVF Center reached 56.1%, increasing by 0.8% as compared to 2021.

     We continuously monitor and develop our VIP services. Chengdu Xinan Hospital has successfully launched
     three VIP service packages to satisfy the diversified and personalized needs of its patients. In 2022, we
     actively explored and optimized the structure of our VIP service packages to cater for the needs of our
     patients who purchase our higher-end premium services, so as to increase the demand for such services.
     In 2022, the penetration rate of VIP services in Chengdu Xinan Hospital reached 8.4%.

     We endeavour to enhance patient satisfaction. We have been adhering to using patient satisfaction as
     one of the key performance indicators (KPI) for our employees to provide better service and enhance our
     patients’ experience. In 2022, the satisfaction ratings of patients undergoing embryo transfers at Chengdu
     Xinan Hospital increased by 0.6% to 93.6% as compared to 93% in 2021. Doctors with high patient
     satisfaction ratings also enhanced the reputation of Chengdu Xinan Hospital in the ARS market.

     We continue to expand our two-way referrals network and improve the utilization of high-quality medical
     technology and diversify our patient acquisition networks by leveraging on our leading position of
     Chengdu Xinan Hospital in the ARS market in Sichuan Province. In 2022, Chengdu Xinan Hospital
     cooperated with 86 medical institutions by way of two-way referrals or entering into specialty alliance
     cooperation agreements.

     Jinxin Women and Children Hospital
     We acquired Jinxin Women and Children Hospital in November 2021 and strategically developed
     ourselves into providing medical services that support the entire lifecycle of fertility and pregnancy with
     ARS as our core business. As the only private Class III Grade A obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics
     hospital in Sichuan Province, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital possesses advantages in medical
     quality, service experience and reputation, which has enabled it to accelerate the establishment of an
     academic hospital integrated with production, academic and research in the region.

     As part of the acquisition, the net profit after tax of JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited
     (the “Target Holdco”) (being the holding company of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital) for the year
     ended December 31, 2021, shall be no less than an aggregate amount of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent
     to HK$120,980,400) (the “Guaranteed Profit”), failing which the vendor thereof shall compensate the
     Company with an amount in respect of the shortfall calculated according to the agreed formula stated in


10   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



the announcement of the Company dated October 19, 2021. Such compensation amount (if any) shall be
deducted from the balance payment payable by the Company in relation to the acquisition. In addition, the
net profit after tax of the Target Holdco shall be no less than RMB130,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
HK$157,274,520), failing which the lock-up period in respect of the conversion shares underlying the
consideration convertible notes shall be further extended to September 30, 2023. Based on the information
available to the Group, the Guaranteed Profit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022 had been met.

In addition to the obstetrics business, other businesses such as pediatrics, gynecology and traditional
Chinese medicine, as well as the newly launched ophthalmology and stomatology have also experienced
rapid development, resulting in the formation of a business trend featuring obstetrics as a specialty and
synergizing it with the other departments. In 2022, the obstetrics and neonatology departments of Jinxin
Women and Children Hospital have become the key medical specialty development targets in Chengdu.

The Group will continue to educate and innovate the assisted reproductive industry. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital continued to provide 22 medical education
programs, of which, 3 were at the national level, 16 were at the provincial level, and 3 were at the
municipal level. In 2022, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital has received the awards as a “Key Specialist
of Neonatology in Chengdu City (成都市新生兒科重點專科)” and a “Key Specialist of Obstetrics in Chengdu
City (成都市產科重點專科)”. Going forward, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital intends to integrate its
strengths in assisted reproductive services with obstetrics and gynecology to establish new collaborative
and synergistic disciplines such as IVF obstetrics.

The Group has conducted an internal restructuring in November 2022 and completed in December
2022 to enable Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to further expand its scope of offerings and provide
medical services involving Molecular Genetics Services in accordance with the applicable PRC laws. As
of December 31, 2022, there were only 12 medical institutions in Sichuan Province qualified to provide
pre-natal molecular genetics services and all of which are public hospitals. The inclusion of Molecular
Genetics Services, being the cutting-edge technology for pre-natal examination, is vital to the Group’s
future development for its ability to diagnose birth defects during pregnancy term with higher accuracy,
as compared to the use of cytogenetics. We expect the inclusion of Molecular Genetics Services to further
strengthen the Group’s competitiveness and reputation.

Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital have built a very strong reputation
among our patients and market influence in ARS, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business,
respectively, due to its excellent medical quality and superior service experience. We also actively
strengthened the integration of ARS, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business to promote the
synergistic effects and we have achieved satisfactory results in 2022.

In 2022, the number of patients who received ARS and became successfully pregnant in Chengdu Xinan
Hospital and in turn sought for obstetrics services and maintained a clinical profile in the obstetrics
department of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital increased by 63% compared to 2021, and the number
of patients who visited the infertility division at Jinxin Women and Children Hospital and in turn visited
Chengdu Xinan Hospital for an initial diagnosis of IVF in 2022 increased by 47% compared to 2021.
Through leveraging our advantages in ARS and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services,
we were able to reinforce our specialities and capability to treat specific diseases, such as establishing
obstetric clinics designated for IVF, and we expect that this will allow us to better attract and serve
patients.



                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Operations in Shenzhen and Greater Bay Area
     Our Shenzhen operations faced relatively more challenges compared to our Chengdu operations from
     the pandemic and the prevention and control measures put in place to mitigate the spread of novel
     coronavirus during the Reporting Period. Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital took various measures to minimize
     the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business, and actively prepared for the construction and
     business planning of its new hospital building.

     In 2022, we have further acquired equity interest and increased our control in Shenzhen Zhongshan
     Hospital from 79.44% to 99.90% effective shareholding interests. This will enable us to (i) enhance our
     control and influence over the management and operations of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital; (ii) increase
     our share of economic benefits generated by Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital; and (iii) have greater
     flexibility in the formulation of business strategies in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.

     To capture the anticipated growth and increasing demand for ARS in Shenzhen and within the Greater
     Bay Area in the coming future due to the projected increase in population and demand in the region, and
     given Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is almost operating at full capacity, we acquired a new property
     in February 2022, which will be officially put into operation in early 2024. The new property will allow
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to (i) further diversify its service offerings to provide various reproductive
     services covering ARS services, gynecology, andrology and immunology medical services; (ii) expand the
     VIP service to satisfy the multi-dimensional needs of our patients and enhance their experience; and (iii)
     provide sufficient space and a better medical environment to attract patients from the Greater Bay Area,
     including Hong Kong, in the future.

     In addition, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital values the driving force generated by scientific research
     towards clinical applications, encourages scientific innovation and transfers research to clinical
     applications. In 2022, the number of articles published by Shenzhen Innovation Center in the core journals
     under the Science Citation Index (SCI) (“SCI Journals”) reached a record high, totaling 18 articles and the
     accumulated number of articles in SCI Journals published by Shenzhen Innovation Center has surpassed
     100 articles as of the end of 2022. Amongst all, our research in relation to the analysis of endometrial
     receptivity has entered into clinical stage in the second half of 2022.

     With the implementation of the national strategy of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area,
     we will continue to deepen our strategic focus in the region and enhance our brand awareness and
     market share in the region. Accordingly, in the second half of 2021, we acquired RHC (brand name: Gratia
     Medical Center) and ARC to expand our footprint in Hong Kong and strengthen our presence in fertility
     services in the Greater Bay Area. We believe that following the opening of the borders between Hong Kong
     and the Mainland after the COVID-19 pandemic, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Hong Kong Gratia
     Medical Centre will benefit from the synergies created in customer acquisition, technical exchanges and
     complementary medical services.

     Operations in Wuhan and Kunming
     On August 31, 2022, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital has officially resumed its IVF license and recommenced
     its ARS operations. In July 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of controlling interests in
     Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital, with our control in these hospitals increased to 96.50% effective
     shareholding interest, thereby further expanding the Company’s market share and influence in Southwest
     China, and further collaborating with Jinrui Medical Center in Laos.




12   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



United States operations
While the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the number of international patients visiting HRC
Fertility for treatments, the local business has demonstrated sufficient resilience during the pandemic and
continued to grow during the Reporting Period. Furthermore, we have successfully established new clinics
and recruited new doctors with a view to increasing business capacity and reserving talents for business
development and international business recovery in the future.

HRC Management continued to collaborate with the University of Southern California (“USC”), a leading
private research university in the United States, and its fertility medicine practice of the reproductive
and infertility endocrinology division at the Keck School of Medicine (“USC Fertility”). We have further
deepened our collaboration with USC Fertility where (i) 3 doctors from USC Fertility practiced and
provided clinical services at the Pasadena Clinic under HRC; (ii) the number of physicians participating
in USC’s fellowship program increased from 4 to 6 with the support of HRC to nurture more physicians;
and (iii) HRC and USC Fertility co-founded a research committee and collaborated on IVF-related clinical
research to improve the quality of fertility treatment.

During the Reporting Period, the San Diego campus of HRC Fertility completed its renovation and
commenced business in August 2022. Since then, HRC Medical owns 4 core clinics and 6 satellite clinics
in Los Angeles and San Diego in the Western United States, further magnifying its market influence in
the region. Dr. Michael David Wittenberger, MD, FACOG (“Dr. Wittenberger”) joined HRC Medical and
attends the new clinic. Dr. Wittenberger is a member of each of the American College of Obstetricians
and Gynecologists and the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. He has nearly 20 years of
professional experience in the field of assisted reproduction, specializing in infertility treatment, restorative
surgery and fertility preservation. Dr. Wittenberger is reputable among patients and has received many
awards for his outstanding professional abilities.

Furthermore, Dr. Natalia C. Llarena joined HRC Medical at the end of August 2022, and practised at the
Pasadena Clinic under HRC Medical. From August 2011 to May 2015, she obtained her doctoral degree in
medicine from Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University, Chicago, Illinois State. She was a
resident of Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Cleveland, Ohio State, and was awarded Teaching Excellence
Award by Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine.

Furthermore, Dr. Lawrence B. Werlin, MD (“Dr. Werlin”) joined HRC Medical in 2022. Dr. Werlin was the
founder and medical director of Coastal Fertility Medical Center, Irvine, California and from January 1986
to September 1995, he founded and served as a director of Hoag Memorial Hospital Fertility Services.




                                                                 Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Dr. Werlin has been a professor in the division of reproductive endocrinology at the University of
     California, Irvine and has been a member of the clinical faculty since 1982. His credentials as a leader
     in the reproductive endocrinology and infertility earned Dr. Werlin the respect of his peers and patients.
     He pioneered the use of preimplantation genetic diagnosis in Southern California and is considered a
     nationally noted expert in this application. Among his many accomplishments, Dr. Werlin was honored
     as the recipient of the National Fellowship in Reproductive Medicine at the National Institutes of Health
     and also served as chairman of the Validation Committee for the Society for Assisted Reproductive
     Technologies.

     With the recruitment of Dr. Wittenberger, Dr. Natalia C. Llarena, and Dr. Werlin, HRC Medical currently has
     a total of 19 physicians. We believe our excellent management ability and performance will attract more
     talented physicians to join us, thereby providing the most important asset for HRC Medical to expand its
     business in the Western United States and further to the entire United States.

     Key operating data
     The following table sets forth the key operating data generated from our network of assisted reproductive
     medical facilities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022:

                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022            2021


     Number of IVF treatment cycles                                                  26,125            27,354

     Overall success rate
     Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Jinjiang IVF Center                                  56.1%              55.3%
     Shenzhen operations                                                             54.5%              52.6%
     United States operations                                                        57.1%              56.2%

     During the Reporting Period, the increase in success rate was mainly attributable to the further
     improvement in clinical and laboratory quality control, upgraded training system for the physicians and
     embryologists, and further investments into R&D. Success rate largely depends on the patient’s age and
     the level of complication of each individual case and other factors.




14   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



OUTLOOK AND FUTURE
With the end of the pandemic, our businesses are expected to recover in 2023. The demand for assisted
reproductive technology and services is still strong and has great potential in the global market. The
growth of the ARS market in China is particularly promising due to an increased prevalence of infertility
caused by lifestyle changes, an increase in the average age of the parents when having their first
childbirth, rising health awareness and environmental pollution. Compared with Europe and the United
States with a market penetration of ARS at approximately 30%, the market penetration of ARS in China is
still relatively low. In facing the challenges of decreasing fertility rate, the PRC government had
implemented and is expected to continue to implement various policies and measures to encourage
fertility, and the PRC government tends to encourage patients in need of ARS in treatment. We expect the
penetration rate and market size for assisted reproductive technology will be significantly increased in
China.

In facing the challenges of decreasing fertility rate and change in population structure due to aging
problem, the PRC government encourages births by adopting various supportive measures. In July 2021,
the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council issued the “Decision on
Optimizing Fertility Policies to Promote Long-term and Balanced Population Development” (《關於優化生育
政 策 促 進 人 口 長 期 均 衡 發 展 的 決 定》), where couples are allowed to have up to three children, and
supportive measures are being introduced covering various aspects to encourage births. The “Human
Assisted Reproductive Technology Application Plan (2015–2020)” (《人類輔助生殖技術應用規劃(2015–
2020)》) issued by the National Health Commission aims to promote the healthy development of the
reproductive medicine industry in an orderly manner to meet the market demands. According to a recent
reply by the National Health Commission, it has launched the revision of administrative measures, basis
standards and technical specifications related to assisted reproductive technology in order to establish
and improve legal egg donation and storage channel. In August 2022, 17 governmental authorities
including the National Health Commission issued the “Guidelines on Further Improving and Implementing
Supportive Measures for Active Fertility” (《關於進一步完善和落實積極生育支持措施的指導意見》) to guide
local governments to consider the affordability of medical insurance (including maternity insurance) funds,
relevant technical standards and other factors as a whole, and in accordance with the procedures,
gradually list the labor analgesia and assisted reproductive technology programs in the coverage of such
medical insurance funds.

As a leading ARS provider in China and the United States, we have established a competitive advantage
in branding, technology, medical staff and management in a market with significant entry barriers. All
hospitals established in our network are recognized as top-notch in their respective regional market,
including but not limited to Sichuan Province, Guangdong Province, Yunnan Province and the Western
United States, which contribute to our leading position in the ARS markets in China and the United States.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     In addition, taking our Chengdu operations as a paradigm, we have started to build a one-stop integrated
     business, with ARS as our core services, to support the entire fertility and pregnancy lifecycle, covering
     pregnancy preparation, IVF, prenatal checkups, childbirth, postpartum and paediatrics to better serve
     patients and create value through industry chain integration. In the future, we will promote this strategy to
     our hospitals in other regions and leverage our advantage in the ARS market to accelerate new business
     development and create new sources of revenue growth.

     In view of the aforesaid, we plan to pursue the following core strategies to drive continued growth in our
     core ARS business and fertility related services.

     Increased productivity, capacity and market share
     In the Greater Bay Area, with the implementation of the national strategy of the Guangdong-Hong
     Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, we will continue to deepen our strategic focus in the area to capture in full
     the growth for ARS in the Greater Bay Area. Further in consideration that Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is
     operating almost at full capacity, we acquired a new property in February 2022 in anticipation of the future
     operation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. The new property, which is nearly five times the size of the
     existing property, is expected to officially commence operation in early 2024. The new property will allow
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to (i) further diversify its service offerings to provide various reproductive
     services covering ARS, gynecology, andrology and immunology medical services; (ii) expand the VIP
     service to satisfy the multi-dimensional needs of its patients and enhance their patients’ experience; and
     (iii) provide sufficient space and a better medical environment to attract patients from the Greater Bay
     Area, including Hong Kong, in the future.

     In Yunnan Province, we increased our control in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital to approximately
     96.50% effective shareholding interest in July 2022. At present, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
     ranked second in Yunnan Province and first amongst private hospitals in terms of market share, and they
     can offer services to patients from Guizhou Province. Furthermore, the property where Jiuzhou Hospital
     situated is a self-owned property. We also plan to renovate Jiuzhou Hospital in the first half of 2023 with a
     view to optimize the service environment and expand its capacity in preparation for increasing market
     share in the future.

     Expand our service offerings to provide comprehensive and integrated full fertility
     lifecycle services
     We intend to continue expanding our service offerings to meet the patients’ demand for high quality
     full-cycle services from pre-pregnancy, IVF, pre-natal, childbirth and postpartum, and reinforce the
     synergy between our ARS and obstetrics, gynecology and paediatrics medical services. In Chengdu, our
     acquisition of 100% equity interests in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital in November 2021 marked our
     first move in strategically deepening the aforementioned strategy and we will promote the same to our
     hospitals in the future.




16   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Being the only private Class III Grade A obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics hospital in Sichuan
Province, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital possesses advantages in medical quality, service
experience and reputation, which has enabled it to accelerate the establishment of an academic hospital
integrated with production, academic and research in the region. Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Jinxin
Women and Children Hospital have built a very strong reputation among our patients and market influence
in ARS and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics business, respectively, due to their excellent medical
quality and superior service experience. The Group has also conducted an internal restructuring in
November 2022 to enable Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to further expand its scope of offerings
and provide medical services involving Molecular Genetics Services in accordance with the applicable
PRC laws, which will further enhance the Group’s competitiveness and reputation. In 2022, the synergy
resulting from the integration of assisted reproduction, obstetrics, gynecology and paediatrics businesses
has been becoming prominent which included the expansion in the number and scale of service offerings
to customers, costs synergies and improved efficiency, and specialty construction. We will continue to
deepen the integration of assisted reproduction, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics businesses to
create enhanced synergistic effects by various means such as online hospital, internal restructuring and
specialty construction.

Expand our business network through all self-establishment or acquisitions
As a leading ARS and full lifecycle fertility services provider in China and the United States, we will
continue to seek opportunities to expand our business network and adopt different expansion strategies to
fit with the market environment in different countries or regions.

In China, we intend to enter markets with high growth potential through acquisitions, such as first-tier
cities and cities with radiant effect. Aside from market potential, when conducting mergers and
acquisitions in China, we will also take into account various important factors such as economic
environment, target valuation and post-investment integration or consolidation to determine our merger
and acquisition strategy, enabling a swift integration of resources post-mergers and acquisitions and
assisting the new hospitals to rapidly improve in respect of medical quality, operation management,
market share and others. We acquired the controlling interests in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
in July 2022, with our control in these hospitals increased to 96.50% effective shareholding interest. In the
future, we will leverage our hospital network in Chengdu and Kunming and continue to expand the market
share in Sichuan Province and Yunnan Province, and covering Guizhou Province, so as to enhance our
influence in the entire southwest region of China.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     In the United States, we seek to expand our business network in the United States, particularly the
     Western United States, by way of establishing or acquiring new clinics and recruiting physicians. In
     August 2022, the San Diego clinic established by HRC Fertility officially commenced business. Since then,
     HRC Medical owns 4 core clinics and 6 satellite clinics in Los Angeles and San Diego in the Western
     United States, further enhancing its market influence in the region. At the same time, Dr. Wittenberger
     joined HRC Medical and attended the new clinic. Dr. Wittenberger is a member of each of the American
     College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. He has
     nearly 20 years of professional experience in the field of assisted reproduction, specializing in infertility
     treatment, restorative surgery and fertility preservation.

     Besides the Greater China and the United States, we are also actively exploring opportunities to conduct
     mergers and acquisitions in Southeast Asia. We are of the view that the region has significant growth
     potential in ARS. In March 2020, we acquired an assisted reproduction license and established Jinrui
     Medical Center in the Boten Special Economic Zone of Laos in Southeast Asia. However, Jinrui Medical
     Center has not commenced business owing to the border closure between China and Laos due to the
     COVID-19 pandemic. With the launch of the China-Laos railway between Kunming to Laos in late 2021, we
     anticipate that Jinrui Medical Center will quickly recover after the pandemic and become the outpost of
     the Group in Southeast Asia.

     Improve scientific research levels and strengthen the transfer of clinical research into
     clinical applications
     We reinforced and increased our investment in scientific research innovation and integrated with specialty
     construction, resulting in accelerated transfers of research to clinical applications, which enhanced our
     clinical quality to solve patients’ chronic illness on the one hand and enhanced our competitiveness as
     well as created new sources of business growth on the other hand.

     In the Greater Bay Area, we have included Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center into the Group’s
     network in January 2022 for more effective management of our scientific research. Jinxin Medical
     Innovation Research Center is committed to clinical-based scientific research innovation, and ultimately
     tackle clinical conundrum.

     In 2022, the departments of obstetrics and neonatology of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital became a
     key medical specialty development target in Chengdu. Previously, the reproductive medicine department
     and andrology department of Chengdu Xinan Hospital have been rated as key medical specialties in
     Chengdu. We are actively utilizing the leading advantages of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Jinxin Women
     and Children Hospital in ARS, obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services respectively, which
     will allow us to reinforce on our specialty construction, creation of featured specialties and treatment of
     specific diseases focusing on infertility, IVF obstetrics, pre-natal and maternal-fetal medicine.




18   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



In 2022, our hospitals in Chengdu and Shenzhen have published a total of 106 scientific papers, including
38 articles on SCI Journals and obtained 35 scientific research projects, of which, include 1 project at
national-level, 7 projects at provincial level, and 27 projects at municipality level. Furthermore, our
hospitals in Chengdu and Shenzhen also obtained 7 patents, of which, include 3 invention patents and 4
utility patents.


Amongst all, the research in relation to the analysis of endometrial receptivity independently developed by
Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital officially entered into clinical stage.


In the United States, we co-founded a research committee and collaborated on IVF-related clinical
research with the USC in January 2022, with a view to further enhance the IVF clinical standard. In the
future, we will further strengthen the research cooperation among various medical institutions within our
network, and in compliance with the applicable laws, establish a multi-center seminar group and research
group in order to accelerate scientific research innovation and transfers of research to clinical
applications.


Talent recruitment and nurturing plan
We are committed to recruiting and retaining the best and most experienced medical professionals in the
fields of assisted reproduction and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics and continuously improving our
internal training system to provide a sufficient reserve of medical and management talents for our global
business expansion.


We will continue to implement the “physician as partner” mechanism to grant outstanding physicians with
equity ownership as partners of the Company, sharing the fruits from the development of the Company.
We have adopted the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme in February 2022 and its purposes are to (i)
provide our employees with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage
our employees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the
Company and its Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of
retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to our
employees. As of the date of this annual report, the Company has granted 65,853,241 Restricted Shares
in aggregate to employees, Directors and Subsidiary Directors. For further details, please refer to the
section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     We will continue to introduce and recruit excellent physicians to join the Company, and cooperate with
     well-known universities to nurture young physicians. HRC Management continued to collaborate with the
     USC, and the number of physicians participating in USC’s fellowship program increased from 4 to 6 with
     the support of HRC Management to nurture more physicians.

     We also established the “Jinxin Academy” and invited renowned experts to give public lectures, aiming to
     (i) attract young physicians who are interested in assisted reproductive technology and improve their
     professional skills; and (ii) reserve talents for the expansion of the Company and the industry. As of
     December 2022, 1,422 people signed up for the new term of training at the Jinxin Academy, involving 743
     hospitals or medical institutions, and 86% of them were not from our Group. For the year ended December
     31, 2022, we provided training courses on assisted reproductive technology to 1,378 clinical staff.

     Embrace the digital transformation and adoption of AI technology in its hospitals
     In 2022 in collaboration with Jinxin Technology, we have self-developed and established a service
     platform “Jinxin Members (錦欣會員)” and began its pilot testing on our operations in Chengdu City with
     an accumulated number of 39,641 members as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, we have also
     established a digital platform for our customers which digitizes their appointment making and consultation
     payment process. By integrating medical resources of our hospitals over digital platforms, we offer a
     continuum of online and offline integrated healthcare services before, during and after medical
     consultations. Also, this allows our hospital to facilitate a more efficient and pleasant hospital visit for our
     patients and improve its overall hospital operations.

     The digital platforms have an online hospital service module that covers the whole cycle of reproductive
     healthcare. It has administrative functions which allows for patients to make appointments and pay for
     consultations, and has a consultation system which allows for online consultations, follow-up
     consultations, prescription processing and providing information on reproductive services.

     Due to our self-development of several new technologies and online applications, we have introduced a
     new number of information systems to business and subsequently applied for 1 patent and 17 software
     copyrights in 2022.




20   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
We have dedicated ourselves to enhancing our ESG initiatives in many ways. On the one hand, we
believe, through our efforts in ESG, we will continue to create value for the society and gain recognition
from the society and patients. In 2022, we insisted on the strategic position of constructing new
disciplines of assisted reproduction, actively promoting the new disciplines in each hospital and carrying
out scientific research and innovation. We have combined our own physician training model and business
experience to develop professional courses for internal staff and industry talents, empower the growth of
industry medical and nursing staff, and steadily improve medical quality and medical standards. During
the Reporting Period, we obtained a total of 7 patents and published 106 academic articles, including 38
articles published on SCI Journals. Meanwhile, we insist on being patient-oriented, promote digital
transformation of our hospitals, strengthen the medical quality management of our hospitals, provide
patients with quality medical services throughout the lifecycle of their fertility treatment, establish a perfect
patient communication mechanism and take multiple measures to continuously ensure patient safety.

On the other hand, we will continue to aid the Company in realizing a healthy and sustainable
development in the future. We actively promote the accessibility of healthcare, enabling more families to
benefit from the achievements of modern medicine through free and charitable clinics, charity medicine
donations and training to primary care institutions. Meanwhile, we insist on green operations, promote
energy saving and consumption reduction initiatives in all hospitals, actively address climate change and
help create an environment-friendly community. In particular with the resurgence of the pandemic in
China, we acted promptly to support pandemic prevention and control in 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
the Group and its related entities sent 16,616 nucleic acid sampling personnel and completed 7,810,755
nucleic acid sampling.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
Revenue of the Group increased by 28.6% from approximately RMB1,838.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB2,364.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
overall increase was primarily attributable to an increase in revenue due to the consolidation of Jinxin
Women and Children Hospital into our Group since November 26, 2021 and Jiuzhou Hospital and
Hewanjia Hospital since July 13, 2022, which was partially offset by (i) decrease in revenue generated by
our ARS in Chengdu and our Shenzhen operations resulting from the impact of the pandemic in 2022; and
(ii) a decrease in revenue generated by our Wuhan operation resulting from temporary suspension of its
ARS business, which officially resumed its ARS operations on August 31, 2022.




                                                                 Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the following services: (i) ARS; (ii)
     management services; (iii) ancillary medical services; (iv) obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical
     services; and (v) sales of medicines, consumables and equipment. The Group’s revenue is contributed
     from its operations in the Greater China and the United States. The following table sets forth a breakdown
     of the Group’s revenue for each service category by region:

                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2022                       2021
                                                               RMB’000           %      RMB’000                              %

     Chengdu Operations
     ARS                                                        656,870             27.8%           729,476             39.7%
     Management service fee                                     147,285              6.2%            95,980              5.2%
     Obstetrics, gynecology, pediatrics medical
       services and sales of medicines,
       consumables and equipment                                580,695             24.6%            55,586              3.0%

     Sub-total                                                1,384,850             58.6%           881,042             47.9%

     Shenzhen operations
     ARS                                                        311,866             13.2%           379,617             20.6%
     Ancillary medical services                                  36,426              1.5%            47,310              2.6%

     Sub-total                                                  348,292             14.7%           426,927             23.2%

     Yunnan Operations
     ARS                                                          51,488              2.2%                  –                 –
     Ancillary medical services                                   40,937              1.7%                  –                 –

     Sub-total                                                    92,425              3.9%                  –                 –

     Wuhan operations
     ARS                                                           5,112              0.2%           43,182              2.3%
     Ancillary medical services                                   11,876              0.5%           11,721              0.6%

     Sub-total                                                    16,988              0.7%           54,903              3.0%

     Hong Kong operations
     ARS                                                          28,440              1.2%             8,186             0.4%
     Ancillary medical services                                   31,040              1.3%             8,484             0.5%

     Sub-total                                                    59,480              2.5%           16,670              0.9%

     United States operations
     Management service fee                                     355,552             15.1%           432,239             23.5%
     Ancillary medical services(1)                              106,892              4.5%            27,045              1.5%

     Sub-total                                                  462,444             19.6%           459,284             25.0%

     Total                                                    2,364,479            100.0%         1,838,826            100.0%

     Note:

     (1)     Ancillary medical services provided by HRC Management include ambulatory surgery centre facility services and PGT
             (preimplantation genetic testing) services. HRC Medical reclassified revenue generated from procedures, such as egg
             retrieval and biopsy, from management service fee into ancillary medical services, thus increasing revenue generated
             from ancillary medical services and decreasing revenue generated from management service fee in 2022.



22   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Chengdu operations

The revenue contributed by the operations in Chengdu increased by 57.2% from approximately RMB881
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB1,384.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to (i) the revenue contributed by Jinxin Women and Children Hospital
being consolidated to our Group since November 26, 2021; and (ii) an increase in management service
fees charged to Jinjiang IVF Center.

The revenue from ARS provided at Chengdu Xinan Hospital decreased by 10% from approximately
RMB729.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB656.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a decrease in IVF treatment cycles resulting from the impact
of the pandemic in 2022, together with a slight decrease in the average spending per IVF treatment cycle
performed at Chengdu Xinan Hospital resulted from the decrease in VIP cycles performed in Chengdu
Xinan Hospital. We explored to optimize our VIP packages to cater the diversified needs of our patients by
way of restructuring our VIP packages, which led to a slight decrease in VIP penetration rate in 2022.

Revenue from management services provided in Chengdu increased by 53.5% from approximately RMB96
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB147.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to the increase in management service fee charged to Jinjiang IVF
Center. We appointed a well regarded physician from Chengdu Xinan Hospital to act as the president of
Jinjiang IVF Center in June 2021, which attributed to the significant increase of IVF treatment cycles at
Jinjiang IVF Center.

Our Chengdu operations were affected by the pandemic during the Reporting Period, and the total
revenue generated from Chengdu Xinan Hospital including both ARS revenue and management service
fees decreased by 7.2% from approximately RMB822 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
approximately RMB763.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Shenzhen operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Shenzhen operations decreased by 18.4% from approximately
RMB426.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB348.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the impact of the pandemic in Shenzhen, considering that our
Shenzhen operations are located in the most severely impacted district by COVID-19 during the Reporting
Period.

Wuhan operations
The revenue contributed by the Group’s Wuhan operations decreased by 69.1% from approximately
RMB54.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB17.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the temporary suspension of ARS business in November 26,
2021, which have officially resumed its ARS operations on August 31, 2022.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Hong Kong operations
     The revenue contributed by Jinxin Women Group increased by 256.8% from approximately RMB16.7
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB59.5 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022, primarily due to the consolidation of revenue generated from Jinxin Women Wellness
     into our Group since September 5, 2021.

     United States operations
     The revenue contributed by the Group’s United States operations increased by 0.7% from approximately
     RMB459.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB462.4 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the increase in aggregated IVF treatment cycles performed
     at HRC and USC Fertility Center with which HRC entered into management service agreement in August
     2021.

     Ancillary medical services provided by HRC Management include ambulatory surgery center facility
     services and preimplantation genetic testing (PGT) services. Revenue contributed by such ancillary
     medical services increased by 295.2% from approximately RMB27.0 million for the year ended December
     31, 2021 to approximately RMB106.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to
     reclassifying of the revenue generated from procedures such as egg retrieval and biopsy conducted as
     part of the IVF treatments being reclassified as ancillary medical services since April 2022.

     Cost of Revenue
     Cost of revenue of the Group increased by 39.6% from approximately RMB1,067.3 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB1,490.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.
     The increase of the cost of revenue was mainly attributed to the consolidation of Jinxin Women and
     Children Hospital into our Group since November 26, 2021 and Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
     since July 13, 2022.

     Cost of revenue of the Group consists primarily of cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables, staff
     costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and others. Cost of pharmaceutical products and
     consumables consists of the cost of pharmaceutical products and consumables that the Group uses in
     the course of providing its services. Staff costs are primarily incurred in connection with salaries, benefits,
     social insurance payments and bonus of the Group’s medical staff. Depreciation primarily consists of
     depreciation of property, plant and equipment.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit of the Group increased by 13.3% from approximately RMB771.5 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB874.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
     increase was mainly attributed to the consolidation of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital into our Group
     since November 26, 2021 and Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital since July 13, 2022. The Group’s
     gross profit margin decreased from 42.0% for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 37.0% for the year
     ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in the gross profit margin was due to (i) the one-off loss incurred
     by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary suspension of ARS business, which officially resumed
     its ARS operation on August 31, 2022; (ii) the consolidation of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital ,
     Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital which have slightly lower gross profit margins than the Group’s
     existing businesses; and (iii) the slight decrease in gross profit margin of the existing businesses of the
     Group, including Chengdu, Shenzhen and US operations, resulting from impact of the pandemic on their
     profitability.


24   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



Other Income
Other income of the Group decreased by 10.4% from approximately RMB56.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB50.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily
due to the decrease in the interests income from time deposits.

Other income consists primarily of interest income from time deposits and bank balances and government
grants.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses primarily represent gains and losses on fair value change of financial assets/
investment at fair value at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTL”), on disposal of assets/ investments,
and on net exchange. The Group recorded other gains and losses, net, of approximately RMB58.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily resulting from the disposal of Kangseed Investment and
the Eden Assets.

Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses of the Group increased by 64.1% from approximately RMB10.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB17.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in the number of R&D staff and the cost of materials and
equipment used by the Group’s R&D institutions.

Research and development expenses primarily consist of staff costs of the Group’s research and
development team at Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, which conducts projects in assisted reproductive
technology, in particular, reproductive immunology, and cost of materials used by its research and
development team.

Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of marketing and promotional expenses associated
with organizing educational activities and cooperating with third parties agencies and partners and staff
cost of the Group’s marketing team. Selling and distribution expenses of the Group increased by 145.4%
from approximately RMB61.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB151.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to (i) an increase in marketing expenses and
agency fees incurred by HRC Management in connection with the preparations made to cater for recovery
of both local and international businesses from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2023, and (ii) the promotion of
Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital which used to invest heavily on marketing activities. As part of the
integration with the rest of our Group, we are expecting to optimize patient recruitment for Jiuzhou Hospital
and Hewanjia Hospital and decrease the marketing expenses in the future.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses primarily consist of staff costs, including ESOP expenses, depreciation and
     amortization, repairment and maintenance expenses, property-related expenses and others. Administrative
     expenses of the Group increased by 40% from approximately RMB327.7 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB458.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily
     due to the (i) the consolidation of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital into our Group since November
     26, 2021 and Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital since July 13, 2022; (ii) an increase in staff costs
     resulting from inflation in the United States; and (iii) an increase in expense incurred in connection with
     the relocation of two satellite clinics and establishment of San Diego clinic under HRC Management
     operations.

     Finance Costs
     Finance costs of the Group increased from approximately RMB21.1 million for the year ended December
     31, 2021 to approximately RMB71.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly due to the
     interest incurred for the syndicated bank facility amounting to US$300 million which was drawn down in full
     in March 2022.

     Income Tax Expenses
     Income tax expenses of the Group primarily consist of PRC enterprise income tax and US income tax.
     Income tax expenses of the Group decreased by 65.1% from approximately RMB104.2 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB36.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
     primarily due to the decrease in the Group’s profit before taxation.

     The effective tax rate of the Group increased from 22.8% for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 23.6%
     for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the increase in tax losses not deductible from our
     offshore holding companies.

     Non-IFRS Measures
     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance
     with IFRS, the Company has provided EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted net profit as non-IFRS
     measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. The Company believes
     that the non-IFRS adjusted financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in
     understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same manner
     as they helped the Company’s management, and that the Company’s management and investors may
     benefit from referring to these non-IFRS adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s operating
     performance from period to period by eliminating impacts of items that the Group does not consider
     indicative of the Group’s operating performance. However, the presentation of these non-IFRS financial
     measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information
     prepared and presented in accordance with the IFRS. You should not view the non-IFRS adjusted results
     on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.




26   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                            Management Discussion and Analysis



The following tables set forth the reconciliation of the Group’s non-IFRS financial measures for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2022            2021
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


Profit for the year                                                                       117,949               353,697
Add:
ESOP expenses(1)                                                                            33,024               76,342
Amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-
  compete agreement and property, plant and equipment arising
  from acquisitions(2)                                                                      44,127               27,556
Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                               (196)              (2,319)
One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
  suspension of its ARS business(4)                                                         38,809                      –
One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(5)                                     40,423                      –

Non-IFRS adjusted net profit                                                              274,136               455,276


Non-IFRS EBITDA                                                                           366,997               548,493
Add:
ESOP expenses(1)                                                                            33,024               76,342
Imputed interest income from related parties(3)                                               (196)              (2,319)
One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
  suspension of its ARS business(4)                                                         38,809                      –
One-off loss made by disposal of Kangseed Investment(5)                                     40,423                      –


Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA                                                                  479,057               622,516

Notes:

(1)   ESOP expenses: As ESOP expenses are regarded as non-cash items, the Company has eliminated the effect of the grant
      of restricted shares under the RSU Scheme when calculating the earnings per Share to ensure disclosure consistency.

(2)   Amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-compete agreement and property, plant and equipment
      arising from acquisitions: by eliminating the effect of these items from the profit attributable to the owners of the
      Company, it serves the purpose of demonstrating the endogenous growth of the Company.

(3)   Imputed interest income from related parties: this imputed interest is arisen from advanced payments by the Company
      on behalf of its related parties, which is merely a result of accounting treatment and therefore is regarded as
      non-operating item.

(4)   One-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary suspension of its ARS business: this loss was mainly
      attributable to the temporary suspension of ARS business at Wuhan Jinxin Hospital which recommenced its ARS
      operations on August 31, 2022.

(5)   One-off loss from the disposal of Kangseed Investment: this loss was deemed from the disposal of Kangseed
      Investment.




                                                                       Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Net Profit and Net Profit Margin
     As a result of the foregoing, net profit of the Group decreased by 66.7% from approximately RMB353.7
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB117.9 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022. Net profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5%,
     compared to 19.2% for the year ended December 31, 2021. The lower net profit margin compared to the
     year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to, as presented in the foregoing, the (i) one-off loss
     incurred by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary suspension of its ARS business that resumed
     operations on August 31 2022; (ii) an increase in finance cost due to interest incurred for the syndicated
     bank facility amounting to US$300 million which was drawn down in full in March 2022; (iii) an increase in
     operating expenses in HRC Management due to inflation, relocation of two clinics and establishment of a
     new clinic; and (iv) losses from the disposal of Kangseed Investment and the Eden Assets.

     Profit attributable to owners of the parent decreased by 64.4% from approximately RMB339.9 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB121.1 million for the year ended December 31,
     2022.

     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit1 of the Group decreased by 39.8% from approximately RMB455.3 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB274.1 million for the year ended December 31,
     2022. The non-IFRS adjusted net profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
     24.8%, compared to 11.6% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The lower non-IFRS adjusted net profit
     margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to, as presented in the
     foregoing, (i) an increase in finance cost due to interest incurred for the syndicated bank facility
     amounting to US$300 million which was drawn down in full in March 2022; (ii) an increase in operating
     expenses in HRC Management due to inflation, relocation of two clinics and establishment of a new clinic;
     and (iii) losses from disposal of the Eden Assets purchased by HRC Management in 2020.

     Non-IFRS adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the parent decreased by 37.2% from RMB441.5
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB277.3 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022.

     Non-IFRS EBITDA
     Non-IFRS EBITDA2 of the Group decreased by 33.1% from approximately RMB548.5 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB367 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
     non-IFRS EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.5%, compared to
     29.8% for the year ended December 31, 2021. The lower non-IFRS EBITDA margin of the Group for the
     year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to (i) one-off loss incurred by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due
     to the temporary suspension of its ARS business, which has been resumed on August 31 2022; (ii) an
     increase in operating expenses in HRC Management due to inflation, relocation of two clinics and
     establishment of a new clinic; and (iii) losses arising from the disposal of Kangseed Investment and the
     Eden Assets.


     1    Non-IFRS adjusted net profit is calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period, excluding (i) ESOP expenses; (ii)
          amortization and depreciation of medical practice license, non-compete agreement and property, plant and equipment
          arising from acquisitions; (iii) imputed interest income from related parties; (iv) one-off loss made by Wuhan Jinxin
          Hospital due to the temporary suspension of its ARS business, which officially resumed its ARS operations on August 31,
          2022; and (v) one-off loss from the disposal of Kangseed Investment, to better reflect the Company’s current business
          and operations.
     2    Non-IFRS EBITDA represents profit before taxation excluding (i) finance costs (excluding interest on lease liabilities);
          (ii) depreciation of property, plant and equipment; and (iii) amortization of medical practice license and non-compete
          agreement, while less interest income excluding imputed interest income from related parties.

28   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA3 of the Group decreased by 23% from approximately RMB622.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB479.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2022. The non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
20.3%, compared to 33.9% for the year ended December 31, 2021. The lower non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA
margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to a decrease in adjusted
EBITDA margin of HRC operations as a result of the foregoing.

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share
The basic and diluted earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted
to RMB0.05 and RMB0.05, respectively, as compared with RMB0.14 and RMB0.14, respectively, as that
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Please refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in
this annual report. Adjusted basic earnings per share of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022
amounted to RMB0.11, as compared with RMB0.18 as that for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Inventories
Inventories of the Group increased by 33.6% from approximately RMB46.8 million as at December 31,
2021 to approximately RMB62.5 million as at December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to the
consolidation of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital.

Accounts and Other Receivables
Accounts and other receivables of the Group increased by 32.2% from approximately RMB142.7 million as
at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB188.7 million as at December 31, 2022, which was consistent
with our revenue growth.

Goodwill
Goodwill of the Group increased by 28.1% from approximately RMB2,719.7 million as at December 31,
2021 to approximately RMB3,484.7 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the consolidation of
Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital.

Accounts and Other Payables
Accounts and other payables of the Group increased by 105.8% from approximately RMB445.5 million as
at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB916.9 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the
increase in dividend payables of RMB10.5 million and increase in payable of RMB290.5 million associated
with the acquisition of the new property, being the new hospital building of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital.




3   Non-IFRS adjusted EBITDA is calculated as non-IFRS EBITDA for the Reporting Period, excluding (i) ESOP expenses; (ii)
    imputed interest income from related parties; (iii) one-off loss incurred by Wuhan Jinxin Hospital due to the temporary
    suspension of its ARS business, which officially resumed its ARS operation on August 31, 2022; and (iv) one-off loss from
    the disposal of Kangseed Investment, to better reflect the Company’s current business and operations.

                                                                       Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     The business operations and expansion plans of the Group require a significant amount of capital,
     including upgrading the Group’s existing medical facilities and establishing and acquiring new medical
     institutions and other working capital requirements. In June 2019, the Group received total proceeds of
     approximately HK$2,808.1 million from the Listing, after deducting the underwriting fees, commissions and
     related Listing expenses. In February 2021, the Group received total net proceeds of approximately
     HK$1,253.5 million from the Placing (as defined hereinafter). The Group also obtained additional funding
     from syndicated loan facilities of up to US$300 million in 2021 and a drawdown in full of such bank
     facilities in March 2022. The net proceeds and the loan facilities would be used to fund the capital
     requirements of the Group. There was no change in the capital structure of the Group during the
     Reporting Period. The share capital of the Company only comprises ordinary shares. As of the date of this
     annual report, the authorized share capital of the Company was US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000,000
     Shares. The capital structure of the Group was 42.7% debt and 57.3% equity as at December 31, 2022,
     compared with 31.8% debt and 68.2% equity as at December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Directors are of the
     view that the Group has sufficient resources to meet its future business operations and expansion plans.

     Cash Flows
     The following table sets forth selected cash flow data of the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows
     for the years indicated and analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents for the years indicated:

                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                  541,740            343,452
     Net cash used in investing activities                                      (1,377,837)        (1,566,182)
     Net cash from financing activities                                            460,142            955,054
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                          1,689,284          1,964,516
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        16,619             (7,556)
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                1,329,948          1,689,284


     Capital Commitments
     The principal capital expenditures of the Group relate primarily to purchases of property, plant and
     equipment. The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s capital expenditures for the years
     indicated:

                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


     Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment
       contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
       statements                                                                   82,739              5,306




30   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals
On February 4, 2022, Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公
司), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with
certain independent third-party individuals to purchase their equity interests in Shenzhen Hengyu
Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市恒裕聯翔投資發展有限公司) at cash consideration of
approximately RMB37,234,000.

On July 13, 2022, the acquisition of 90.00% equity interests in Kangzhi Hospital Company, 89.7959%
equity interests in Guangzhou Yunzhicai and 89.7959% in Guangzhou Hejia has been completed. Details
in relation to the acquisition were set out in the announcements of the Company dated April 21, 2022 and
July 13, 2022, respectively.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2022, there were no significant investments
held by the Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.

Future Plans on Material Investments or Capital Assets
Save as disclosed above, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any immediate
plan for material investments or acquisition of material capital assets.

Indebtedness
Lease liabilities
The Group recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in respect of all leases,
except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets. As at December 31, 2022, the Group, as a
lessee, had outstanding lease liabilities for the remaining terms of relevant lease agreements in an
aggregate amount of RMB439.2 million. The lease liabilities represent payment for right of using
underlying assets.

Borrowings
As of December 31, 2022, the Group had bank borrowings of RMB2,089.3 million (December 31, 2021:
RMB163.7 million).

Pledge of Assets
As of December 31, 2021, bank deposits of RMB180 million were pledged to secure a bank loan of even
amount. The pledged bank deposits have been released upon the settlement of the relevant bank
borrowing in 2022. Save as disclosed, the Group did not pledge any other assets.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees
As of December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

Contractual Obligations
As of December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any contractual obligations that would have a material
effect on its financial position or results of operations.

Gearing Ratio
Gearing ratio is calculated using total borrowings divided by total equity as at the end of such year and
multiplied by 100%. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio is 23.9% (as of December 31,
2021: 1.87%).


                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As of December 31, 2022, the Group and the medical facilities in its network had a total of 3,158
     employees, of whom 2,761 were located in China and 397 were located in the United States. The
     staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments were approximately RMB674.9 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately RMB457.9 million for the year ended December 31,
     2021.

     The medical facilities in the Group’s network generally enter into individual employment contracts with their
     employees to cover matters such as wages, benefits and grounds for termination. At each of the assisted
     reproductive medical facilities, the medical professionals are provided with competitive compensation
     packages, attractive promotion opportunities, diverse training courses and a professional working
     environment. Remuneration packages for the employees primarily comprise of: base salary, performance-
     based compensation and/or discretionary bonus. As required by PRC laws and regulations, the Group
     participates in various employee social security plans for its employees that are administered by local
     governments, including housing provident fund, pension, medical, maternity insurance, work-related injury
     insurance and unemployment insurance. The Group provides structured training and education programs
     which enable its employees to consistently deliver high quality services.

     The Group also offers its employees the option to participate in its RSU Scheme and 2022 Restricted
     Share Award Scheme, which were adopted on February 15, 2019 and February 17, 2022, respectively.
     Summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme is set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
     Information — D. RSU Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus and the section headed “RSU Scheme” in
     this annual report. Summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are set out
     in the announcement of the Company dated February 17, 2022 and the section headed “2022 Restricted
     Share Award Scheme” in this annual report. The Group has not granted any award shares since the
     adoption of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme and up to December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the
     Group has granted 65,853,241 Restricted Shares in aggregate to its employees, Directors and Subsidiary
     Directors. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this
     annual report.

     Besides, the Group has adopted the Share Option Scheme to grant options as defined in the Share Option
     Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group, which was
     adopted on June 3, 2019. Summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out in the
     section headed “Statutory and General Information — E. Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to the
     Prospectus and the section headed “Share Option Scheme” in this annual report. As of December 31,
     2022, no option has been granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.




32   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022 (for
the year ended December 31, 2021: HK$7.38 cents per Share).

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
The Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2022:

a.   On January 5, 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing shares have been placed by the Company
     to not less than six placees at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing share and the Company
     received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,162,310,000 (equivalent to approximately
     RMB999,098,000). The placees, together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners are third
     parties independent of and not connected with the Company or its connected persons. None of the
     placees has become a substantial shareholder of the Company immediately upon completion of the
     placing. The placing has been completed on January 16, 2023. Details of the placing are set out in
     the Company’s announcements dated January 5, 2023 and January 16, 2023.

b.   On January 18, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 65,853,241 restricted shares in
     aggregate to grantees under the 2022 restricted share award scheme adopted on February 17, 2022.
     29,060,994 restricted shares are granted to 159 employees of the Company (who to the best of the
     Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, are not connected
     persons of the Company). 36,792,247 restricted shares are proposed to be granted to 5 directors
     of the Company and 10 directors of the Company’s subsidiaries (who are connected persons of the
     Company). The restricted shares are subject to the acceptance from grantees and other conditions
     as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Details of the grant are set out in the Company’s
     announcement dated January 18, 2023.

c.   On March 31, 2023, the Company redeemed the convertible bonds in the principal amount of
     HK$1,814,706,000 in whole upon its maturity date (i.e. March 31, 2023). Details of the convertible
     bonds are set out in the Company’ announcement dated October 19, 2021.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   33
     Directors and Senior Management



     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇), aged 51, is the Chairman of the Board and has been an executive Director of
     the Company since June 29, 2020. He joined our Group in June 2017 and was appointed as a Co-chief
     Executive Officer on September 12, 2018, re-designated to the Vice Chairman of the Board on June
     29, 2020 and the Chairman of the Board on March 28, 2021. He is mainly responsible for the overall
     management of the Company’s daily operations and implementing mergers and acquisitions strategies.
     Furthermore, Mr. Zhong has over 20 years of experience in investment.

     Since April 2020, Mr. Zhong has been the chairman of the board of Sichuan Jincheng Industrial
     Development Co., Ltd. (四川錦城實業發展公司). From October 2016 to January 2019, Mr. Zhong was the
     general manager of Willsun AM and from October 2016 to December 2018, he was the chairman of Tibet
     Taisheng Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (西藏泰昇創業投資管理有限公司). From October 2015 to September
     2016, he was employed as the deputy general manager of Hainan Haide Industry Co., Ltd. (海南海德實
     業股份有限公司) (SZSE stock code: 000567), and from April 2013 to October 2015, he was the leader of
     the trust team of Sichuan Development Holding Co., Ltd. Furthermore, from March 2009 to April 2013, he
     served as the chairman of Sichuan Shuxiang Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (四川蜀祥創業投資有限公司).

     From May 2004 to October 2005, he served as a member of preparatory team at Sichuan International
     Trust Investment Co., Ltd. (四川省國際信託投資公司). Previously, he was employed as a deputy general
     manager, then later served as the general manager of Chengdu Guoxin New Industry Investment Co., Ltd.
     (成都國信新產業投資公司) from May 1998 to May 2004. Earlier, Mr. Zhong worked as a manager of the
     investment banking department at Sichuan International Trust Investment Co., Ltd. between October 1996
     and May 1998.

     Mr. Zhong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Southwestern University of Finance and
     Economics in the PRC in 1993 and a master’s degree in law from Sichuan University in the PRC in 2005.
     Mr. Zhong has been a member of the Sichuan Institute of Certified Public Accountants since August 2012
     and was licensed by the Ministry of Justice of PRC to practice law in the PRC in February 2005.

     Mr. Zhong has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in
     Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Dr. John G. Wilcox, M.D., FACOG, aged 60, has been an executive Director of the Company since
     December 25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for the management of clinical operations and business
     development in North America. Dr. Wilcox has been working as a physician at HRC Medical since July
     1996. From 2002 to 2008, he served successively as a member of the voluntary faculty member of
     Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California, an assistant clinical professor at the
     department of obstetrics and gynecology of University of Southern California School of Medicine, and a
     member of the medical staff of Healthcare Network at the University of Southern California.

     Dr. Wilcox graduated with a bachelor’s degree in bioengineering from University of California, San Diego
     in the United States in December 1986 and a doctoral degree in medicine from University of Southern
     California, Los Angeles in the United States in May 1990. He was licensed to practice medicine and
     surgery by the Medical Board of California in 1991 and has been board certified by American Board of
     Obstetrics and Gynecology in obstetrics and gynecology since November 12, 1999. Dr. Wilcox’s research
     interests include substantial aspects of reproductive health.



34   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Dr. Wilcox has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

Mr. Dong Yang (董陽), aged 36, is the Chief Executive Officer and has been an executive Director of
the Company since June 29, 2020. He was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on
May 3, 2018. He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer on June 29, 2020 and re-designated to
the Chief Executive Officer on March 28, 2021. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on
financial management and business development to our Group. Since October 2017, he has been the
chief financial officer of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (錦欣醫療投資有限公司). Since December
2018, he has been the director of Jinxin Hospital Management Group Limited. Since September 2018, he
has been the chief financial officer of Jinxin Investment Limited and Jinxin Hospital Management Group
Limited. Prior to joining our group, between July 2017 and November 2017, he was a director of the asset
management department at Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited (東興證券（香
港）金融控股有限公司). Before that, from October 2009 to June 2017, Mr. Dong successively served as
a manager of audit assurance, a manager of capital market transaction and a manager of accounting
management and advisory at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mainland China and Hong Kong.

Mr. Dong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international economic and trade from Sichuan University
(四川大學) in the PRC in June 2009. He has been a member of the Chongqing Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (重慶註冊會計師協會) since March 2014.

Mr. Dong has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉), aged 42, has been an executive Director and the Co-chief Executive Officer of the
Company since December 3, 2021. She has more than 10 years of experience working in the medical
industry. She has been serving as the chairman of the board of directors and the general manager of
Sichuan Jinxin Women and Children Hospital Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院有限公司) since October
2018 and previously its president from May 2015 to May 2021 and was the chief executive officer of Jinxin
Medical Investment Co., Ltd. from March 2017 to November 2021. Further, she has been the director of
Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group Co., Ltd. (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司)
since May 2015 and its general manager since June 2021. Currently, she is also the director of Chengdu
Jinxin Health Management Co., Ltd.* (成都錦欣健康管理有限公司) and Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd.
(錦欣醫療投資有限公司).

In addition to her work experiences, Ms. Lyu has held a number of positions at various public offices and
medical associations. Ms. Lyu has served as a sub-committee for private medical institutions of the expert
committee on management capacity building for modern hospitals at the National Health Commission
Capacity Building and Continuing Education Center (國家衛健委能力建設和繼續教育中心) since October
2021, an expert committee on medical quality management and evaluation for private medical institutions
at the Chinese Hospital Association since June 2021 and a member of the hospital review and evaluation
committee at the Chinese Hospital Association (中國醫院協會) since November 2020. Furthermore, she
also participated as a member of the Chengdu Jinjiang District Committee of the CPPCC (政協成都市錦江
區委員會) for two consecutive terms since 2016.

Ms. Lyu obtained a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business administration from the Open
University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University (香港都會大學)) in
August 2018. Ms. Lyu further obtained a doctoral degree in business administration from The University of
Information Technology and Management in Rzeszow in Poland in March 2022.


                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   35
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Lyu has not held directorship in any public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong Kong
     or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅), aged 54, has been an executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has also
     been the chief medical quality control officer of the Company since February 21, 2020. She is mainly
     responsible for guiding the implementation of clinical work and medical quality control. Prior to joining
     the Group, from July 2018 to January 2020, she served as the clinical director of the IVF Center of the
     First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University (重慶醫科大學附屬第一醫院生殖醫學中心). From
     December 2009 to March 2018, she worked at the IVF Center of Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital
     (成都西囡婦科醫院生殖醫學中心) and was responsible for clinical practice and management work. From
     May 1994 to August 2006, Dr. Geng worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the
     Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (新疆醫科大學第二附屬醫院) and was responsible
     for clinical practice, scientific research and teaching. From December 1991 to April 1994, Dr. Geng
     worked at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Barkol People’s Hospital, Barkol, Xinjiang,
     Uygur Autonomous Region (新疆維吾爾自治區巴里坤縣人民醫院).

     Dr. Geng obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xinjiang Medical School (新疆醫學院) (the
     predecessor of Xinjiang Medical University) in the PRC in July 1991 and a doctoral degree in medicine
     with a major in reproductive endocrinology and assisted reproductive technology from West China School
     of Medicine, Sichuan University (四川大學華西臨床醫學院) in the PRC in July 2009.

     Dr. Geng has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive Medicine and
     Reproductive Ethics Subcommittee of the China Healthy Birth Science Association (中國優生科學協會生殖
     醫學與生殖倫理學分會) since February 2019. Since October 2019, she has served as the vice chairman of
     the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of the Chongqing Medical Association (重慶市醫學會生
     殖醫學專業委員會). Since July 2018, she has served as a member of the first session of the Reproductive
     Immunology Sub-committee of the Chongqing Society of Immunology (重慶市免疫學會生殖免疫分會).
     Since September 2017, she has served as a member of the standing committee of the Reproductive
     Endocrinology Professional Committee of the China Medicine Education Association (中國醫藥教育協會
     生殖內分泌專業). Since July 2016, she has served as a member of the second session of the standing
     committee of the Reproductive Medicine Professional Committee of Sichuan Provincial Medical Association
     (四川省醫學會生殖醫學專業委員會). Dr. Geng was one of the main breeders of the first successful IVF
     in Tibet Autonomous Region and she was awarded “Excellent Expert with Outstanding Contributions” in
     Sichuan Province in 2018.

     Dr. Geng has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.




36   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min (方敏), aged 43, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December
25, 2018. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on financial management and business
development to our Group. He has been a managing director at Warburg Pincus Asia LLC since July
2016 and is primarily responsible for investment and management consulting. Prior to joining Warburg
Pincus Investment Consulting Company Limited (Shanghai Branch) in July 2011 as investment manager,
he worked at Boston Consulting (Shanghai) Company Ltd. as a consultant between September 2001 and
November 2006.

From January 2020 to October 2021, Mr. Fang served as a non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare
Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx stock code: 6078). From March 2015 to August 2016, Mr. Fang was a director
of China Biologic Products Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: CBPO).

Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics with a major in international finance from Fudan
University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2001 and a master’s degree in business administration from
Stanford University in the United States in June 2007.

Except as disclosed above, Mr. Fang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
of this report.

Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆), aged 49, has been a non-executive Director of the Company since December 25,
2018. She is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategies and governance to our
Group.

Ms. Hu has over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, including commercial banking,
equity investments, corporate finance and fund management. She has served in China Investment and
Finance Limited (subsequently renamed CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited) since November 2004
and has been its deputy general manager since August 2011. From August 1996 to November 2004, she
served in various positions in the credit department and corporate business department of China CITIC
Bank (中信銀行股份有限公司) (HKEx stock code: 0998) with her last positions being client manager and
deputy director.

Ms. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from China Institute of Finance and Banking
(中國金融學院) (subsequently merged with the University of International Business and Economics (對外
經濟貿易大學)) in the PRC in July 1996 and a master’s degree in economics from Central University of
Finance and Economics (中央財經大學) in the PRC in September 2003.

Ms. Hu has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   37
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴), aged 53, has been a non-executive Director since March 28, 2021. She has
     also been a senior vice president of the Company since September 12, 2018. Her main responsibilities
     include the overall management of the Group and overseeing operations and internal audit matters. She
     joined the Group in March 2010 and served as an executive Director from May 3, 2018 to June 29, 2020.
     From March 2010 to October 2015, she served as the finance director of Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital and
     continued to be the finance director of Chengdu Xinan Hospital until October 2018. Between November
     2006 and January 2010, Ms. Yan acted as the head of finance at Jinjiang District Maternity and Child
     Health Hospital and from February 2000 to January 2006, she was employed as an accountant. Prior to
     joining our Group, from January 1992 to January 2000, she worked at Luzhou Baoguang Pharmaceutical
     Company (瀘州寶光醫藥公司).

     Ms. Yan obtained a college graduation certificate in law by way of distance learning from the
     correspondence college of Sichuan Province Party School of the Communist Party of China (中共四
     川省委黨校) in the PRC in June 2001 and a master’s degree (correspondence course) in business
     administration from Open University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) (now Hong Kong Metropolitan University
     (香港都會大學)) in November 2015.

     Ms. Yan has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強), aged 58, has been an independent non-executive Director of the
     Company since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
     judgment to the Board.

     Dr. Chong has over 23 years of experience in the medical industry. From April 2015 to June 2020, he was
     an independent non-executive director of Wenzhou Kangning Hospital Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code: 2120).
     From February 2012 to February 2015, Dr. Chong served as the deputy secretary-general of the Chinese
     Hospital Association (中國醫院協會). From January 2004 to January 2012 and since February 2015, he
     was the president of Guangzhou Ailibi Management Consulting Co., Ltd (廣州艾力比管理顧問有限公司), a
     company engaged in the provision of hospital consultation services. From November 1994 to May 2000, he
     held various positions at a number of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd (阿斯利康製藥有限公司) and Beijing Novartis Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (北京諾華製藥有限公司),
     where he was primarily responsible for the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical drugs.

     Dr. Chong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in medical science from Zhongshan Medical University
     (中山醫科大學), subsequently merged into Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in Guangzhou in July 1986.
     He also obtained a master’s degree in business administration degree from Northwestern University and
     Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in May 2004. He also graduated with a doctoral degree
     in management from ISCTE — University Institute of Lisbon in November 2013.

     Except as disclosed above, Dr. Chong has not held directorship in any other public companies the
     securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
     of this report.




38   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                              Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉), aged 49, has been an independent non-executive Director since August 31, 2021.
He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board.

Mr. Li is a juris doctor and has been a professor of commercial law at China University of Political Science
and Law and a supervisor for doctoral students since 2013. He also serves as the director of department
of law and commerce at the business school, as well as the secretary general of the Commercial Law
Research Society of China Law Society. His main research areas include, among others, civil and
commercial law, corporate law, securities law, corporate governance, etc.

From 2013 to 2015, Mr. Li served as a visiting professor at the Law School of The Aoyama Gakuin
University in Japan. Before that, between 2008 to 2009, he was a senior visiting scholar at the Law
School of University of The New South Wales in Australia and from 2002 to 2004, he was a post-doctoral
researcher at the Business School of the Renmin University of China. Furthermore, his past positions
also include the executive director and secretary general of the Commercial Law Research Society of
China Law Society, executive director of China Association of Business Law, member of the 1st, 2nd and
3rd Hong Kong and Macau Law Committee of Zhuhai Hengqin New Area, member of Expert Advisory
Committee of courts such as Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court, and arbitrator of arbitration
committees in Beijing, Fuzhou, Changsha, Guangzhou, Zibo, Beihai, Ordos and Zhuhai.

Mr. Li has been in charge of more than 10 national and provincial level projects, including chief specialist
of significant projects under the National Social Science Fund of China, youth research project under
the National Social Science Fund of China, the Humanities and Social Science Fund of the Ministry of
Education, rule of law theory projects of the Ministry of Justice and social science projects under Beijing
Social Science Fund. He was also in charge of the youth research innovation team project of Commercial
Law in China University of Political Science and Law for six years from 2012 to 2018. Furthermore, Mr. Li
has published more than 160 academic papers such as China Legal Science, Journal of Law and Xinhua
Digest.

Mr Li. has received several awards for research excellence such as the second prize in Dong Biwu Youth
Law Achievement Award and the third prize in the 4th China Law Outstanding Achievement Award. As
a legal expert, he has successively participated in expert argumentation of a number of legislative and
judicial interpretation documents, including, among others, General Principles of Civil Law, Civil Code —
Contracts, Company Law, Electronic Commerce Law and Company Law Interpretation (3), (4). He also
received the Outstanding Teacher Award of 2011 and Excellent Teacher Award of 2007, 2009, 2010 and
2016, awarded by the China University of Political Science and Law.

Mr. Li obtained the independent director qualification from the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2015, and is
currently an independent director of Hanwang Technology Co., Ltd. (漢王科技股份有限公司) since April
2018, whose shares have been listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002362), Linksus
Digiwork Marketing Communication Co., Ltd. (靈思雲途營銷顧問股份有限公司) since May 2017, whose
shares have been listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 838290), and
China Quanjude (Group) Co., Ltd. (中國全聚德(集團)股份有限公司) since December 2018, whose shares
are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002186). He also serves as the chairman of the
board of Beijing Fangyuan Zhonghe Culture Communication Co., Ltd. (北京方圓眾合教育科技有限公司). In
addition, Mr. Li is also an independent non-executive director of China Shangshui Cement Group Limited
(中國山水水泥集團有限公司) since May 2018, whose shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 0691)




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   39
     Directors and Senior Management



     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of
     which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波), aged 47, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
     Board.

     Mr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in the legal service industry with a focus on corporate law.
     In April 2000, Mr. Wang joined Duan & Duan Law Firm (段和段律師事務所) and is currently acting as
     the executive chairman, chief executive officer and partner. He has been an independent non-executive
     director of Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co., Ltd. (上 海 隧 道 工 程 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SSE stock code:
     600820) since December 2018 and Juneyao Airlines Co., Ltd. (上海吉祥航空股份有限公司) (SSE stock
     code: 603885) since July 2017. He has been an independent director of Hengyi Biomedical Technology
     (Shanghai) Co Ltd (恒翼生物醫藥(上海)股份有限公司) since November 2021.

     Mr. Wang received a bachelor’s degree in literature from Shanghai International Studies University (上海
     外國語大學) in the PRC in January 1997 and another bachelor’s degree in law from Shanghai University
     (上海大學) in the PRC in July 1999. Mr. Wang also graduated from the University of Oxford with a master’s
     degree in law in the United Kingdom in October 2005. Mr. Wang received his PRC lawyer’s practicing
     license issued by the Shanghai Bureau of Justice (上海市司法局) in January 2001.

     Except as disclosed above, Mr. Wang has not held directorship in any other public companies the
     securities of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date
     of this report.

     Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青), aged 52, has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 3, 2019. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
     Board.

     Mr. Ye has over 25 years of experience in professional accounting, financial advisory and investment
     services. He has been an independent director of NWTN Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: NWTN) since
     November 2022, an independent director of VNET Group Limited (NASDAQ stock code: VNET) since
     August 2022, an independent non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (HKEx
     stock code: 6078) since September 2019, an independent non-executive director of Ascentage Pharma
     Group International (HKEx stock code: 6855) since June 2019, Luzhou Bank Co., Ltd. (HKEx stock code:
     1983) between December 2018 and September 2022, Niu Technologies (NASDAQ stock code: NIU) since
     October 2018, and Baozun Inc. (NASDAQ stock code: BZUN and HKEx stock code: 9991) since May
     2016. From February 2011 to December 2015, Mr. Ye worked at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management
     Co., Ltd. (中信產業投資基金管理有限公司), and his last positions there were managing director, chief
     financial officer and member of the investment committee. Prior to that, between April 1993 and January
     2011, Mr. Ye worked at the China office of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP (Special General
     Partnership) (普華永道中天會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）), with his last positions being service line leader
     of advisory services and leader of transaction services of Shanghai office.

     Mr. Ye graduated with a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Huazhong University of Science and
     Technology (華中理工大學, now renamed as 華中科技大學) in the PRC in July 1992 and a master’s degree
     in business administration from University of Warwick in the United Kingdom in November 1999. Mr. Ye is
     currently a member of the Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants.



40   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                              Directors and Senior Management



Except as disclosed above, Mr. Ye has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities
of which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
report.

Senior Management
Mr. Dong Yang, is an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. See “— Executive
Directors” for details of his biography.

Ms. Lyu Rong, is an executive Director and co-chief executive officer of the Company. See “— Executive
Directors” for details of her biography.

Dr. Geng Lihong, is an executive Director and chief medical control officer of the Company. See “—
Executive Directors” for details of her biography.

Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, is a non-executive Director and senior vice president of the Company. See “—
Non-executive Directors” for details of her biography.

Dr. Li Yuan (李媛), aged 51, has been the chief medical officer of the Group since August 2021 and is
primarily responsible for improving the quality of medical services, strengthening the scientific research
and innovation, training medical professionals and employees and improving the customer-centric culture
in the hospitals of the Group. Dr. Li has been working in the field of reproductive medicine since 1994.
From 1999 to 2011, Dr. Li successively served as the laboratory director and assistant to the dean in the
Affiliated Reproductive Medicine Hospital of Shandong University* (山東大學附屬生殖醫院) and established
its standardized quality control system. Prior to that, from September 2011 to August 2021, she was
employed as a director at the reproductive center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital* (北京朝陽醫院). During
her tenure, she significantly contributed to and as the founder of reproductive center, led the reproductive
center of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital to become one of the top clinical centers in Beijing in terms of clinical
operations, greatly recognized by the patients.

Dr. Li has made a series of academic achievements in the field of reproductive medicine. She owns more
than 10 patents in relation to reproductive medicine and has published more than 130 academic articles.
As a project director, she had also undertaken eight Chinese national and provincial projects, including
the 973 Program* (國家973計劃課題) in 2011 and the project of the Natural National Science Foundation
of China* (國家自然科學基金) in 2008 and 2014 respectively. Further, Dr. Li received second prize in
the National Science and Technology Progress Award* (國家科技進步獎), first prize in the Ministry of
Education* (教育部) and the first and second prize in the Provincial Science and Technology Progress
Award*(省科技進步獎), respectively. Moreover, she was the chief editor of the guiding textbook Human
Assisted Reproductive Laboratory Technology* (人類輔助生殖實驗技術) published in 2008.

Dr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree from the School of Medicine of the Shandong Medical University (山東
大學醫學院) in June 1994 and a master’s degree and a doctorate degree from the School of Medicine of
the Shandong Medical University in June 1999.

Dr. Li has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   41
     Directors and Senior Management



     Mr. Duan Tao (段濤), aged 58, has 30 years of experience in the medical industry. He has been serving as
     the president of Sichuan Jinxin Women and Children Hospital (四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院) since May 2021 and
     the chief strategy officer of the Group since December 2021. Mr. Duan was the co-chief executive officer
     of Jinxin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. from May 2020 to November 2021.

     Prior to that, Mr. Duan served at the Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Hospital (上海市第一婦嬰保健院) in
     several positions including its president and chief physician from September 2008 to January 2017 and, its
     vice president and chief physician from September 2000 to September 2008.

     In addition to his work experiences, Mr. Duan has held a number of positions in medical associations
     throughout his career. He has been serving as the honorary chairman of the obstetrics and gynecology
     branch at the Shanghai Medical Association (上海市醫學會) since March 2019, the chairman of the Asia
     Pacific Association of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Experts (亞太母胎醫學專家聯盟) since September 2014
     and the chairman of the perinatal medicine branch at the Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會) since
     November 2009. Between August 2012 and December 2015, Mr. Duan was also the chairman of the
     obstetrics and gynecology branch at the Shanghai Medical Association.

     Mr. Duan obtained a bachelor’s degree from the School of Medicine of the Shandong Medical University
     (山東大學醫學院) in July 1987 and a doctoral degree from the Shanghai Medical College of Fudan
     University (復旦大學上海醫學院) in July 1992.

     Ms. You Fei (由飛), aged 43, is the chief financial officer of the Company and is mainly responsible for
     the financial management of our Group, financing activities and investor relations management. She joined
     our Group and was appointed as our chief financial officer on October 8, 2018. Ms. You has more than
     18 years of experience in financial management, auditing and investment management. Before joining our
     Group, she has held several roles, including director of the finance department and senior director of the
     strategic investment department at 3SBio Inc. (HKEx stock code: 1530) from February 2011 to September
     2018. During her tenure at 3SBio Inc., she was responsible for overseeing the accounting, financial
     reporting, financial analysis and capital market matters of the group.

     Ms. You obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in economics from Renmin University of
     China (中國人民大學) in the PRC in July 2000 and July 2003, respectively. Ms. You has been a member of
     the Beijing Institute of Certified Public Accountants since 2010.

     Ms. You has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.




42   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                             Directors and Senior Management



Ms. Duan Hongmei (段紅梅), aged 42, has been the chief operating officer of the domestic market of the
Company and the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group
Limited* (成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公司) since March 2022 and December 2018, respectively. Ms.
Duan has nearly 20 years of experience in the hospital industry. From April 2017 to November 2018, she
served as the deputy general manager of Chengdu Jinxin Healthcare Hospital Management Co. Ltd.* (成
都錦欣康養醫院管理有限公司). From October 2016 to March 2017, she served as the director of Chengdu
Jinxin JiuJiuLeLing Healthcare Center (成都錦欣九九樂齡康養中心). From August 2015 to October 2016,
she served as the deputy director of Chengdu Jinxin Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦欣婦
產科醫院). From September 2004 to July 2015, she was the director of Longzhou Road/Lianxin/Yanshikou
Community Healthcare Center (成都錦江區龍舟路╱蓮新路╱鹽市口社區衛生服務中心) in Jinjiang District,
Chengdu and the person in charge of Jinxin Love Angel Education Center (錦欣愛天使教育中心). From
September 2003 to August 2004, she served as an inpatient gynaecology nurse at Chengdu Jinjiang
District Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital (成都錦江區婦產科醫院) and also as a nursing department
administrator.

Ms. Duan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Southwest University of Finance and
Economics (西南財經大學) in November 2018.

Ms. Duan did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

Ms. Liu Hongkun (劉竑琨), aged 34, has been the vice president and the head of strategic investment of
the Company and the chief investment officer of Jinxin Medical Technology Innovation Center since July
2021. She is mainly responsible for matters in relation to investment, mergers and acquisitions, scientific
research platform integration, innovation projects incubation and innovation and technology cooperation of
the Company. She served as the investment director of the Company since January 2019. She also served
as the joint company secretary of the Company from January 2019 to July 2021. She served as the general
manager of Tibet Taisheng Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (西藏泰昇創業投資管理有限公司) since June 2016,
and the deputy general manager and assistant to the president of Willsun AM since June 2016. From April
2014 to May 2016, she was the senior manager of the trust team of Sichuan Development Holding Co., Ltd.
From July 2013 to April 2014, she served as an investment manager in the investment banking department
at Sichuan Shuxiang Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (四川蜀祥創業投資有限公司).

Ms. Liu obtained her bachelor’s degree in law from Southwest University of Political Science and Law (西
南政法大學) in July 2010 and a master’s degree in economic law from Southwest University of Finance and
Economy in June 2013. Ms. Liu was licensed by the Ministry of Justice of PRC to practice law in the PRC in
August 2010.

Ms. Liu has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

Ms. Huang Hanmei (黃寒梅), aged 41, has been the vice president of the Company since January 2020.
From January 2017 to December 2019, she served as the finance director of China Resources Medical
Holdings Limited (華潤醫療控股有限公司). From October 2012 to December 2016, she served from a
finance manager to a senior manager (professional vice director level) of China Resources Group Limited
(華潤集團有限公司). From August 2006 to September 2012, she successively served from an auditor to an
audit manager of Ernst & Young Hua Ming & Co (安永華明會計師事務所).




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   43
     Directors and Senior Management



     Ms. Huang obtained a master’s degree in management, majoring in accounting from the Central University
     of Finance and Economics (中央財經大學) in July 2006. Ms. Huang is a certified public accountant in the
     PRC, a chartered financial analyst and a certified public accountant in Australia.

     Ms. Huang did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in
     Hong Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Ms. Shi Pu (石璞), aged 47, has been the vice president and head of human resources and administration
     of the Company since March 2020. Ms. Shi has more than 25 years of human resources management
     experience. She has accumulated extensive experience in the areas of organizational and leadership
     development, performance management, employee relationship management, and talent cultivation and
     development. From August 2018 to November 2019, she was the Chief Administrative Officer of Sichuan
     Shuijingfang Co. (四川水井坊股份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 600779). From July
     2013 to July 2018, she was the Senior Vice President of Fullerton Credit (富登信貸), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Temasek in Singapore. From August 1996 to June 2013, Ms. Shi had been responsible for
     human resources in various companies including Whirlpool, Guanqun Computer China Co., Ltd., Electrolux
     (China) and Intel.

     Ms. Shi obtained a master’s degree in business administration from the Webster University in December
     2012.

     Ms. Shi did not hold any directorships in any other public companies whose securities are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas during the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.

     Ms. Zhai Yangyang (翟揚揚), aged 34, has been a joint company secretary of the Company since July
     26, 2021 and legal director of the Group and is mainly responsible for managing and overseeing the legal
     affairs of the Group.

     Prior to joining the Group, from February 2017 to June 2019, Ms. Zhai served as the legal director of
     Zall Smart Commerce Group Ltd. (formerly known as Zall Group Ltd.) (HKEx stock code: 2098) and was
     responsible for day-to-day legal and compliance matters. From June 2015 to February 2017, Ms. Zhai
     served as the senior manager of legal and compliance of Hang Tang International Capital Management
     Limited and was responsible for managing the company compliance matters and communication with the
     Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. From August 2013 to June 2015, Ms. Zhai was a PRC
     Legal Consultant at Davis Polk & Wardwell and was responsible for advising corporate clients in mergers
     and acquisitions, capital markets and general corporate. From April 2010 to August 2013, Ms. Zhai was a
     PRC Legal Consultant at Paul Hastings LLP and was responsible for advising corporate clients in mergers
     and acquisitions, capital markets and general corporate.

     Ms. Zhai obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from China University of Political Science and Law in
     September 2008. She then obtained a master degree in common law from the Chinese University of Hong
     Kong in September 2009. Ms. Zhai has also obtained the China Bar qualification in 2011.

     Ms. Zhai has not held directorship in any other public companies the securities of which are listed in Hong
     Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding the date of this report.




44   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Report of Directors



The Board is pleased to present its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the Reporting Period.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group principally engaged in providing IVF services in both China and the United States. Analysis of
the principal activities of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2022 is set out in note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance
(Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an
indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its
stakeholders who have a significant impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends,
is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These
discussions form part of this report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the
financial year is set out in the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements” under
“Continuing Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of certain
principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group.

•    The assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network conduct business in a strictly regulated
     industry. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may adversely affect the business
     and results of operations of the medical facilities in our network and, therefore, the Group.

•    Any adverse change in the regulatory regime relating to the PRC healthcare industry may limit the
     ability to provide ARS by the medical facilities in our network and may have a material adverse effect
     on the business, results of operations and financial conditions of the assisted reproductive medical
     facilities in our network, and therefore, the Group.

•    If the assisted reproductive medical facilities in our network are unable to attract and retain a
     sufficient number of qualified physicians, administrators and other medical personnel, the business,
     results of operations and financial results of such medical facilities and the Group could be materially
     and adversely affected.

•    We derived and expect to derive a majority of our revenue from Sichuan and Guangdong in the PRC
     and California in the United States, and may be particularly sensitive to adverse developments with
     respect to local conditions and changes in these regions, such as with respect to their economy, laws
     and regulations, and any force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious diseases
     in these region.

•    Any failure to obtain or maintain any license may subject the assisted reproductive medical facilities
     in our network to penalties and may affect the business of the assisted reproductive medical facilities
     in our network, and therefore, the Group.



                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   45
     Report of Directors



     Since the above is not an exhaustive list, investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
     own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

     For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
     protecting the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth.

     For more details, please refer to the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company
     which will be published and made available at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the
     websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
     relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
     During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
     regulations by the Group.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 112 and 113 of this annual report.

     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022 (for
     the year ended December 31, 2021: HK$7.38 cents per Share).

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five ﬁnancial years are set out on page
     6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the
     underwriting fees and related Listing expenses) amounted to approximately HK$2,808.1 million and the
     unutilized net proceeds as of December 31, 2022 were kept at the bank accounts of the Group.




46   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                             Report of Directors



The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have
been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets
out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                                                             Expected
                                                                                                           Net proceeds                      timeline for
                                                                                                        brought forward       Unutilized net utilizing the
                                                                       Percentage of Actual usage up             for the     proceeds as at remaining
                                                         Planned            total net to December 31,         Reporting       December 31, unutilized net
Use of proceeds                                      applications          proceeds              2022             Period               2022 proceeds(2)
                                                     (HK$ million)                        (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)


To expand and upgrade existing assisted                     702.0(1)          25.0%(1)           702.0             671.2                  – By December 2022
   reproductive medical facilities in the Group’s
   network in China and recruit medical
   professionals, including physicians and
   embryologists, in order to increase capacity,
   expand its service offering and market share(1)
For the potential acquisition of additional                 561.6             20.0%              561.6                  –                 – By December 2021
   assisted reproductive medical facilities in
   provinces in China we are currently not
   operating in(3)
For investment in research and development to               280.8             10.0%               92.8             230.1              188.0 By December 2025
   enhance overall performance and maintain
   the Group’s position at the forefront of
   assisted reproductive technology
For the potential acquisitions of ARS service               561.6             20.0%              561.6                  –                 – By December 2021
   providers and businesses along the ARS
   service chain(4)
To improve brand awareness and general ARS                  421.2             15.0%              161.4             384.4              259.8 By December 2025
   awareness in both China and the United
   States
For the Group’s working capital and general                 280.9             10.0%              280.9             103.2                  – By June 2022
   corporate purposes(5)

Total                                                     2,808.1              100%            2,360.3            1,388.9             447.8


Notes:

(1)     The Group intends to use (i) 20.0% or HK$561.6 million to (a) expand and upgrade the medical facilities, (b) acquire
        additional medical equipment and (c) acquire and/or construct patient care facilities, and (ii) 5.0%, or HK$140.4
        million to recruit and expand medical professional teams and relevant support staff, including new professional staff
        specializing in prenatal services.

(2)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions
        made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions.

(3)     Including the acquisition of equity interests of a hospital in Wuhan with assisted reproductive medical facilities and
        subsequent capital expenditure in connection with improving the hospital.

(4)     Including (i) formation of joint venture with the shareholders of Mengmei Life Pty. Ltd. and Jinxin Hospital Management
        Group Limited in relation to, among others, the promotion, customers acquisition and channels management related
        to IVF and (ii) acquisition of obstetrics, gynecology and pediatric business through Jinxin Medical Management (BVI)
        Group Limited.

(5)     Namely (i) consultation fees, including but not limited to fees for legal compliance, audit, investor relations/public
        relations, human resources, and operations; (ii) rental and office expense; and (iii) remuneration packages of the existing
        management team.

                                                                                              Annual Report 2022            Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     47
     Report of Directors



     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING
     On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
     International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 80,000,000
     shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six
     independent investors (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$15.85 per share.

     The closing of the Placing took place on February 9, 2021. The net proceeds from the Placing were
     approximately HK$1,253.5 million, which have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes
     set out in the announcements of the Company dated February 2, 2021 and February 9, 2021 respectively.
     The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December
     31, 2022:

                                                                                                           Net proceeds                   Expected timeline
                                                                                                        brought forward Unutilized net for utilizing the
                                                                      Percentage of Actual usage up              for the proceeds as at remaining
                                                         Planned           total net to December 31,          Reporting   December 31, unutilized net
                                                     applications         proceeds              2022              Period          2022 proceeds(1)
                                                      (HK$ million)                       (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


     To fund potential merger and acquisition
        opportunities of ARS-licensed providers
        located in regions in the PRC with
        relatively high demand for ARS, such as in
        East China, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei
        region, and other highly potential regions        1,002.8            80.0%            1,002.8                –                 –   By December 2021
     To fund potential merger and acquisition
        opportunities of ARS-licensed providers
        located outside the PRC, such as
        Southeast Asia and other Asia-pacific
        countries                                           188.0            15.0%                  –            188.0             188.0   By June 2023
     For general corporate and working capital
        purposes                                             62.7             5.0%               62.7             62.7                 –   By June 2022


     Total                                                1,253.5             100%            1,065.5            250.7             188.0

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds was based on the best estimation of the future market
              conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market
              conditions.




48   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited           Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Report of Directors



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS
Major Customers
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s sales to its ﬁve largest customers accounted for
22.5% (2021: 29.4%) of the Group’s total revenue and our single largest customer accounted for 14.9%
(2021: 23.8%) of the Group’s total revenue.

Major Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s ﬁve largest suppliers accounted for 42.1% (2021:
50.5%) of the Group’s total purchases and our single largest supplier accounted for 18.3% (2021: 21.2%)
of the Group’s total purchases.

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders
(which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the
Company) had any interest in the Group’s ﬁve largest customers and suppliers.

Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, patients,
customers, suppliers and other business associates are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives
to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, educating, collaborating, and cultivating strong
relationships with them. The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees.
To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of the Group’s workforce, the Group provides the
employees with periodic training, including introductory training for new employees, technical training,
professional and management training and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains
a good relationship with its employees and the Group did not experience any significant labor disputes
or any difficulty in recruiting staff for its operations. The Group conducts academic marketing activities to
establish and maintain relationships with key opinion leaders in the national medical system. The Group
provides these experts with detailed information on its products and helps them make independent
comparison among competing products in the market. The Group also maintains long-term cooperative
relationships with medical experts to help raise the Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s
products in the medical community and among patients, provide it with valuable clinical data to improve
the Group’s products, and collect feedback from the real world clinical practices and support on the
patients group and comply with physicians to manage the side effects. For details of an account of the
Company’s key relationships with its main stakeholders, please see the 2022 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year
ended December 31, 2022 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year December 31, 2022 are set out
in note 39 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   49
     Report of Directors



     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended December 31,
     2022 are set out on pages 116 to 118 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 49 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, amounted to approximately
     RMB7,607 million (as of December 31, 2021: RMB7,738 million).

     TAXATION
     Tax position of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 is set forth in note 11 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     TAX RELIEF
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.

     BANK BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank borrowings of the Company and the Group as of December 31, 2022 are set out in note
     37 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.




50   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Report of Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
Dr. John G. Wilcox
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Geng Lihong

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min
Ms. Hu Zhe
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung
Mr. Li Jianwei
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Ye Changqing

In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being
(or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire
from office by rotation, and shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM.

In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a
casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of members after his/her appointment and
be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the
existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

Accordingly, Dr. Geng Lihong, Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo shall retire
by rotation as Directors at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

Details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM will be set out in the circular to the Shareholders to be
despatched in due course.

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 34 to
44 of this annual report.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to
be independent during the Reporting Period.



                                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   51
     Report of Directors



     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
     date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
     case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company.

     Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
     appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years with effect from their respective date of
     appointment. Under their respective appointment letters, each of the independent non-executive Directors
     is entitled to a fixed Director’s fee while the non-executive Directors are not entitled to any remuneration as
     Directors.

     The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
     Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM, has entered into any
     service contract with any member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the
     employer within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” below, none of the Directors had
     a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance
     to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
     party during the Reporting Period.

     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     No contract of significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the
     Reporting Period.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
     business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
     remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group.




52   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Report of Directors



The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period
are set out in note 12 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 43 to the
consolidated financial statements.

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no change to information which is required to be
disclosed and has been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 13.51(2)
of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

RISK MANAGEMENT
Currency Risk
The business of the Group operates in the mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States with its
transactions settled in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and U.S. dollar, respectively. Renminbi is not a
freely convertible currency and is subject to changes in central government policies and to international
economic and political developments. Despite the fact that the Company currently has not adopted
any hedging measure, the cost of U.S. dollar is covered by the revenue generated in U.S. dollar, which
serves as a natural hedging purpose. As a result, the Company does not believe that it currently has any
significant direct foreign exchange risk and has not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge our
exposure to such risk.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances. Its cash flow
interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The Directors
consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity analysis is presented. The
Company considers the interest rate risk associated with the financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss and fixed rate time deposit to be limited because the tenor of such instruments are short, ranging from
62 to 182 days or can be redeemable on demand.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   53
     Report of Directors



     Liquidity Risk
     The Group aims to manage liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring
     forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As of December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of
     the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which had been notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Interest in Shares and Underlying Shares

                                                                           Number          Approximate
                                                                         of shares/       percentage of       Long position/
                                            Capacity/nature             underlying      shareholding in       Short position/
     Name of Director                           of interest                  shares       the Company          Lending pool


     Mr. Zhong Yong                         Beneficial owner              4,300,500                 0.17%        Long position
     Mr. Dong Yang                          Beneficial owner              3,475,000                 0.14%        Long position
     Ms. Lyu Rong                           Beneficial owner              5,504,000                 0.22%        Long position
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                       Beneficial owner              2,216,000                 0.09%        Long position

     Note:

     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 2,516,852,802 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022.




54   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     Report of Directors



(i)   Interest in the Company’s associated corporations


                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                 Capacity/nature of Name of associated                     shareholding
      Name of Director                                     interest        corporation                          interest


      Ms. Lyu Rong                                  Beneficial owner           Jinyi Hongkang                        51%(1)
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                              Beneficial owner               Jinrun Fude                       51%(2)

      Notes:

      (1)   Ms. Lyu Rong, one of the registered shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinyi
            Hongkang. Jinyi Hongkang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the series of contractual arrangements
            entered into to allow the Company to receive the economic benefits of its VIE entities.

      (2)   Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, one of the registered shareholders of Jinrun Fude, holds 51% of the equity interest in Jinrun
            Fude. Jinrun Fude is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the series of contractual arrangements entered into
            to allow the Company to receive the economic benefits of its VIE entities.


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the
Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that
was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none
of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe
for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such
right.




                                                                        Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   55
     Report of Directors



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As of December 31, 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares which fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
     the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
     SFO:

                                                                Number of Shares/      Percentage of        Long position/
                                           Capacity/nature      underlying Shares Shareholding in the       Short position/
     Name of Shareholder                   of interest               Approximate           Company          Lending pool


     JINXIN Fertility Investment Group
        Limited(1)                         Beneficial owner            319,471,061               12.69%     Long position
     HRC Investment Holding, LLC           Beneficial owner            296,923,575               11.80%     Long position
     HHLR Advisors, Ltd.
     (previously known as Hillhouse
        Capital Advisors, Ltd.)(2)         Investment manager          186,863,349                 7.42%    Long position
     HHLR Fund, L.P. (previously known
        as Gaoling Fund, L.P.)(2)          Beneficial owner            161,915,349                 6.43%    Long position

     Notes:

     (1)   JINXIN Fertility Investment Group Limited is ultimately controlled by the individual Shareholders, and none of the
           individual Shareholders are interested in 10% or more of the Company’s issued share capital upon the listing of the
           Company and remain as one of the Company’s substantial Shareholders upon the listing of the Company and as of
           December 31, 2022.

     (2)   HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is the investment manager of HHLR Fund, L.P. and is therefore deemed to be interested in the
           Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P.

     (3)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,516,852,802 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022.


     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who
     were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares
     or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
     which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
     therein.




56   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Report of Directors



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Share Option Scheme was approved and conditionally adopted by the Shareholders by way of written
resolutions on June 3, 2019 (the “Adoption Date”). As of December 31, 2022, no option was granted, and
thus no option had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. The Board
has not specified any performance target that must be achieved before options can be exercised. The
following is a summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme but does not form part of, nor
was it intended to be, the Share Option Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the
rules of the Share Option Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options as defined in the
     Share Option Scheme to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the
     Group.

(2) Participants
     Eligible participants under the Share Option Schemes include any persons belonging to any of the
     following classes of participants: (a) any of our employees or employees of our subsidiaries or any
     entity (the “Managed Entity”) in which our Group holds any equity interest, including any executive
     Director of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity; (b) any of non-executive Director or
     independent non-executive Director of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity; and (c) any
     senior management of our Company, its subsidiaries or Managed Entity.

(3) Total number of Shares to be issued
     The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
     Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company must not in aggregate
     exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the total issued shares as
     of the Listing Date, and representing approximately 8.75% of the Shares in issue as of the date of
     this annual report. Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme will not
     be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit. As a result, the total number of
     Shares available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 238,081,580 Shares as of January 1,
     2022 and December 31, 2022 respectively.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   57
     Report of Directors



     (4) Maximum entitlement of each participant
          The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
          granted under the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised or outstanding options) to each
          Eligible Person in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the
          Company for the time being (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of options in excess of the
          Individual Limit in any 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant must be
          subject to the issue of a circular to the Shareholders and the Shareholders’ approval in general
          meeting of our Company with such Eligible Person and its associates abstaining from voting.

     (5) Grant of options and acceptance of offers
          Share options may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the
          offer of the grant as indicated in the offer letter. The options under the Share Option Scheme were
          granted to the grantees as HK$1.00.

          An option may be accepted by an Eligible Person within 28 days from the date of the offer of grant of
          the option.

     (6) Period within which options may be exercised
          An option may be exercised, in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, one year
          after the date on which the option is granted and shall expire on the earlier of the last day of (i) a ten
          year period from the date of such grant for each corresponding grantee as set out in their respective
          offer letters and (ii) the expiration of the Share Option Scheme.

     (7) Vesting Period
          Options granted generally vest over a period ranging from 2 to 5 years. The vesting schedule of the
          options will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding grantee on
          the respective anniversary dates of the grant.

     (8) Basis of determination of Subscription Price
          The subscription price (the “Subscription Price”) for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be
          a price determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of
          Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations on the date of grant of that option, which
          must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
          daily quotations for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of that option; and
          (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

     (9) Life of the Share Option Scheme
          The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing from the
          Adoption Date. As such, as of December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
          was approximately 6 years.




58   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Report of Directors



RSU SCHEME
The RSU Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 15, 2019 (the “RSU Adoption
Date”). The following is a summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme but does not form part of, nor
was it intended to be, the RSU Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of
the RSU Scheme:

(1) Purpose of the RSU Scheme
     The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the RSU Scheme
     (the “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company;
     (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares
     for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a
     flexible means of either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
     benefits to the Selected Participants.

(2) Selected Participants of the RSU Scheme
     Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the RSU Scheme are any employee, director, officer,
     consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is managed by any member
     of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have
     contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any Managed Entity.

(3) Total number of Shares to be granted
     The total number of the RSUs which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made pursuant
     to the RSU Scheme shall not exceed in 32,981,388 Shares, representing approximately 1.66% of
     the Company’s issued share capital as of the RSU Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”), and
     representing approximately 1.21% of the Shares in issue as of the date of this annual report. As of
     the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue in respect of which RSUs
     may be granted under the RSU Scheme is 1,737,694 Shares, representing approximately 0.06% of
     the Shares in issue as of that date. During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares underlying the
     RSUs that granted under the RSU Scheme divided by the weighted average number of total Shares
     issue during the Reporting Period is 0.14%.

(4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
     The maximum entitlement of each participant under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed any limits that
     may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended and in force. Any further grant
     of RSUs to any one participant in excess of such imposed limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’
     approval in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   59
     Report of Directors



     (5) Vesting Period of RSUs under the RSU Scheme
          RSUs granted generally vest over a period ranging from 1 month to 5 years. The vesting schedule
          of the RSUs will be in equal installments over the vesting period for each corresponding Selected
          Participant upon satisfaction of the respective performance target on the respective anniversary dates
          of the vesting commencement date.

     (6) Grant of RSUs and acceptance of offers
          RSUs may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of the offer of
          the grant of the RSUs as indicated in the offer letter. The RSUs under the RSU Scheme were granted
          to the Selected Participants at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Selected
          Participants upon vesting at nil consideration.

     (7) Life of the RSU Scheme
          The RSU Scheme commences on the RSU Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and
          until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated
          earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as of December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the RSU
          Scheme was approximately six years.

          During the Reporting Period, a total of 3,584,210 RSUs were granted under the RSU Scheme. Details
          of the movements of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period are set
          out in note 41 to the condensed consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

          The total number of Shares available for grant under the RSU Scheme as at January 1, 2022 and
          December 31, 2022 was 5,070,239 Shares and 1,737,694 Shares respectively.




60   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                Report of Directors



The table below shows details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting
Period:


                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                              Closing price                                                                                        closing price
                                                                  of shares                                                                                        of the shares
                                                               immediately                                                                                          immediately
                                                                 before the                      Number of                                                           before the
Name of                                                       date on which     Number of RSUs granted                                             Number of           dates on    Fair value of
Participant or                                                    the RSUs      RSUs held        during the      Number of                      RSUs held at          which the     RSUs at the
Category of                                                   were granted    at January 1,      Reporting     RSUs lapsed        Number of December 31,             RSUs were     date of grant
Participant          Date of grant      Vesting Period(1)            (HK$)            2022           Period and cancelled       RSUs vested                2022    vested (HK$)           (HK$)


Related entity participants or service provider with options or awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% individual limit
Dr. John Matthew
      Norian         February 15, 2019 1–5 years                       5.25      2,353,020               —                —          784,340        1,568,680               7.69           5.25


Other employee participants and related entity participants
                     February 15, 2019 3–4 years                       5.25      3,251,494               —                —        3,251,494                  —           12.04            5.25
                     January 6, 2020    1–3 years                     10.82      5,121,547               —          251,665        2,307,905        2,561,977             11.79           11.01
                     January 10, 2021 6 months-3 years                15.18      1,986,512               —                —          620,593        1,365,919             10.40           15.18
                     June 1, 2021       8 months-3 years              21.25        500,000               —                —          125,000          375,000               7.87          21.25
                     January 1, 2022    1 month-2 years                8.71             —           100,000               —           33,333              66,667            7.69           8.71
                     January 31, 2022 1 month-5 years                  7.76             —         3,384,210               —          139,350        3,244,860               7.69           7.76
                     March 1, 2022      10 months-3 years              8.89             —           100,000               —               —           100,000                 —            8.94


Total                                                                           13,212,573        3,584,210         251,665        7,262,015        9,283,103


Note:

(1)       The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to certain vesting conditions based on a set of indicators that are
          linked with, and subject to, the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group and the
          achievement of the overall performance targets of the relevant hospitals and members of the Group as well as
          the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group for each corresponding Selected
          Participant.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022                 Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                    61
     Report of Directors



     2022 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME
     The 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on February 17, 2022
     (the “Award Adoption Date”). The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2022 Restricted
     Share Award Scheme but does not form part of, nor was it intended to be, the 2022 Restricted Share
     Award Scheme nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of the rules of the 2022 Restricted
     Share Award Scheme:

     (1) Purpose of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
          The purposes of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are to (i) provide the selected
          participants of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme (the “Award Selected Participants”) with
          the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company; (ii) encourage the Award Selected
          Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of
          the Company and Shareholders as a whole; and (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of
          either retaining, incentivizing, reward, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the
          Award Selected Participants.

     (2) Selected Participants of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
          Persons eligible to receive restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme are any
          employee, director, officer, consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, or any entity which is
          managed by any member of the Group (the “Managed Entity”) whom the Board considers, in its sole
          discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group or any
          Managed Entity.

     (3) Total number of Shares to be granted
          The total number of the restricted Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all grants made
          pursuant to the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall not exceed in 75,227,514 Shares,
          representing approximately 3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the Award Adoption
          Date (the “Award Limit”), and representing approximately 2.76% of the Shares in issue as of the
          date of this annual report, provided that no account shall be taken into the calculation of the Award
          Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in
          accordance with the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme. As of the date of this annual report, the
          total number of Shares available for issue in respect of which restricted Shares may be granted under
          the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme is 9,374,273 restricted Shares, representing approximately
          0.34% of the Shares in issue as of that date.

     (4) Maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant
          The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall
          not exceed any limits that may be imposed under the Listing Rules from time to time as amended
          and in force. Any further grant of Share Awards to any one participant in excess of such imposed
          limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his
          associates abstaining from voting.




62   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Report of Directors



(5) Vesting Period of restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
    Restricted Shares granted generally vest over a five-year period. The vesting schedule of the
    restricted Shares will be in equal yearly installments over the vesting period for each corresponding
    grantee upon satisfaction of the relevant performance targets on the respective anniversary dates of
    the grant.

(6) Grant of restricted Shares and acceptance of offers
    Restricted Shares may be accepted by a grantee within a certain number of days from the date of
    the offer of the grant of the restricted Shares as indicated in the offer letter. The restricted Shares
    under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme were granted to the Award Selected Participants at
    nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the Award Selected Participants upon vesting at nil
    consideration.

(7) Life of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
    The 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme commences on the Award Adoption Date and remains
    valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from
    such date, unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board. As such, as of December 31, 2022,
    the remaining life of the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme is approximately nine years.

    The Group has not granted any restricted shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme
    since its adoption and up to December 31, 2022. Thus, no restricted shares had been exercised,
    cancelled or lapsed under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme. The total number of Shares
    available for grant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme was 75,227,514 as of January
    1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 respectively. In January 2023, the Group has granted 65,853,241
    restricted Shares in aggregate to its employees, Directors and Subsidiary Directors. For further
    details, please refer to the section headed “Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   63
     Report of Directors



     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed
     any of the Company’s listed securities.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
     Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

     DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2022, none of the Directors or their respective
     associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete,
     either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND ONE-OFF CONNECTED
     TRANSACTIONS
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group had entered into certain non-exempt continuing
     connected transactions and one-off connected transactions as set out below. For detailed terms of
     such non-exempt continuing connected transactions, please refer to the section headed “Connected
     Transactions” of the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated November 26, 2021, April
     12, 2022, July 13, 2022, August 26, 2022, November 7, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively. For
     details of such one-off connected transactions, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
     April 13, 2022 and August 26, 2022, respectively.

     Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
     1.   Contractual Arrangements
          As foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which the Group currently operates in is
          subject to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations as outlined below, the Company does
          not own 100% equity interest in the VIE Entities. The Company has entered a series of contractual
          arrangements which apply to the (i) 10.00%, (ii) 29.90%, (iii) 30.00% and (iv) 100.00% equity interests
          in (a) Chengdu Xinan Hospital, (b) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (c) Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
          Hospital and (d) Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, respectively.




64   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                    Report of Directors



a.    Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements
      The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Chengdu Xinan
      Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Chengdu Xinan
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements:



                                      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility                                    Ms. Qian Minhui

                   90%
                                                                      70%                           0.10%


                 Chengdu Xinan Hospital                                   Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital



                                                                    (2)

                                             10%
                                                                     29.90%

 Jinrun Fude Registered        100%
                                                            Jinrun Fude
     Shareholders(1)



                          denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest

                          denotes contractual relationships under the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements

                          denotes the equity interests controlled by the Group under the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements


                          denotes our VIE Entities



      Notes:

      (1)   The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
            49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

      (2)   The Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Chengdu Xinan
            and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers
            of Attorney, Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings
            together form the legal relationship under the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
            Arrangements.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          65
     Report of Directors



                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
                please refer to the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” of the Prospectus and the
                announcements of the Company dated January 27, 2022 and April 13, 2022.

                (1)   Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements
                      The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Hospital
                      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital have entered into the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility on
                      December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, pursuant
                      to which, Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Jinrun Fude
                      agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as their exclusive provider of technical support,
                      consulting services and other services in exchange for a service fee.

                      Under the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
                      financing and investment, (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
                      sharing and medical professionals training, (iii) human resources management, (iv) market
                      research, (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion, (vi) supplier and inventory
                      management, (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring, (viii)
                      medical service quality control, (ix) internal management and (x) other services relating to
                      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by
                      itself from the performance of these services. During the term of the Chengdu Xinan and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
                      may use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Hospital
                      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun
                      Fude and Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital may also use the
                      intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility from the services performed by
                      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in accordance with the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Exclusive Operation Services Agreements.

                      Under the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 10% of the distributable net
                      profit of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and 29.90% of the distributable net profit of Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the
                      previous financial years (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart
                      from the service fees, Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket
                      expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of the
                      2019 Exclusive Operation Services Agreements and provision of services. For the year
                      ended December 31, 2022, the service fee in relation to 10% of the distributable net profit
                      of Chengdu Xinan Hospital is RMB26,467,000. In relation to Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital,
                      the service fee in relation to (i) 9.44% of its distributable net profit from January 1, 2022 to
                      April 11, 2022 is RMB1,660,000; (ii) 24.44% of its distributable net profit from April 12, 2022
                      to August 24, 2022 is RMB7,163,000; and (iii) 29.90% of its distributable net profit from
                      August 25, 2022 to December 31, 2022 is RMB7,010,000.




66   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                  Report of Directors



(2)   Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Mr. Zeng Yong and
      Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered the Chengdu Xinan
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements.

      Pursuant to the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements,
      (i) each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of
      the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s), (ii) Jinrun Fude
      irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which
      entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then
      applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated
      person(s), (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any
      time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interests
      in Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or
      through its designated person(s), (iv) Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Jinrun Fude from Chengdu Xinan Hospital
      and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital themselves or through their designated person(s),(v)
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option
      to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any
      time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, 50% of all or part of the assets of
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital attributable to Mr. Zeng Yong from Shenzhen Zhongshan
      Hospital itself or through its designated person(s), Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may appoint
      designated person(s) in its sole discretion when exercising its option. The transfer price
      of the relevant equity interests and assets shall be the minimum purchase price permitted
      under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude,
      Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital will undertake that he/she/it
      will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration received in relation to
      such transfer of equity interests or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

(3)   Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements
      and Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney
      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Sichuan
      Jinxin Fertility, Jinrun Fude and the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu
      Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Chengdu Xinan and
      Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreement and the 2019 Powers of
      Attorney executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude in favor of
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the “Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Attorney”).




                                                      Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   67
     Report of Directors



                      Pursuant to the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
                      Agreements and the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney, (i)
                      the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
                      exercise all of its rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable) and
                      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights
                      and powers of a shareholder of Chengdu Xinan Hospital with 10% equity interests and
                      Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with 29.90% equity interests. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is
                      a subsidiary of the Company, the terms of the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Powers of Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions
                      of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, 100% equity interests
                      of Jinrun Fude and Chengdu Xinan Hospital, and 99.90% equity interests of Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Hospital.

                (4)   Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements
                      On December 23, 2018, February 2, 2019, April 12, 2022 and August 26, 2022, Jinrun
                      Fude, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Chengdu Xinan
                      Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital entered into the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders agree
                      to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Jinrun Fude and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees
                      to pledge all of its equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan
                      Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their obligations and the
                      obligations of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital under the
                      Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Exclusive Option Agreements, the Chengdu
                      Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Powers of Attorney and the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen
                      Zhongshan Contractual Arrangements.

                (5)   Spouse Undertakings
                      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders (as applicable) has
                      signed an spouse undertakings to the effect that (i) the respective interests of the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do
                      not fall within the scope of joint possession, and (ii) each of the spouses has no right to or
                      control over such interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such
                      interests.




68   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         Report of Directors



b.   2021 Contractual Arrangements
     The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Jinxin Women and
     Children Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the 2021 Contractual Arrangements:


                                      (1)
                Jinyi
                                                                      Jinxin Medical Investment
              Hongkang(2)

              10%                                            90%

                             Jinxin Women and
                               Child Hospital




                      denotes contractual relationships under the 2021 Contractual Arrangements

                      denotes our VIE Entities


     Notes:

     (1)   The 2021 Exclusive Operations Service Agreement, 2021 Exclusive Option Agreements, 2021 Powers of
           Attorney, 2021 Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal relationship
           under the 2021 Contractual Arrangements.

     (2)   Jinyi Hongkang is owned by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Ms. Lyu Rong and Mr. Xu Jun as
           to 51% and 49%, respectively.


     A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the 2021 Contractual Arrangements
     is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated November 26, 2021.

     (1)   2021 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
           The Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Women and
           Children Hospital have entered into the 2021 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement with
           Jinxin Medical Investment on November 26, 2021, pursuant to which, Jinxin Women and
           Children Hospital and Jinyi Hongkang agreed to engage Jinxin Medical Investment as their
           exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange
           for a service fee.

           Under the 2021 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the services to be provided
           include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and investment; (ii) medical technology
           related consultation, medical resources sharing and medical professionals training; (iii)
           human resources management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies for marketing and
           business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation and marketing
           strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix) internal
           management; and (x) other services relating to management and operation of medical
           institutions and shareholder’s rights. Jinxin Medical Investment has proprietary rights to
           all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance of these
           services. During the term of the Exclusive Operation Service Agreement, Jinxin Medical
           Investment may use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin


                                                                          Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   69
     Report of Directors



                      Women and Children Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinyi Hongkang
                      and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital may also use the intellectual property work
                      created by Jinxin Medical Investment from the services performed by Jinxin Medical
                      Investment in accordance with the Exclusive Operation Service Agreement.

                      Under the 2021 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the service fee shall be an
                      amount equal to 10% of the distributable net profit of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital
                      of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial years
                      (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinyi
                      Hongkang and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable costs,
                      reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Jinxin Medical Investment
                      in connection with the performance of the 2021 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
                      and provision of services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the service fee in
                      relation to 10% of the distributable net profit of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital is
                      RMB11,284,000.

                (2)   2021 Exclusive Option Agreements
                      On November 26, 2021, Jinxin Medical Investment, the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                      Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and/or Jinxin Women and Children Hospital have entered into
                      the 2021 Exclusive Option Agreements.

                      Pursuant to the 2021 Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each of the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to
                      Jinxin Medical Investment which entitles Jinxin Medical Investment to elect to purchase
                      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
                      interest in Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinyi Hongkang
                      irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Jinxin Medical Investment
                      which entitles Jinxin Medical Investment to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted
                      by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinyi Hongkang itself or through
                      its designated person(s); (iii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably and unconditionally grants an
                      exclusive option to Jinxin Medical Investment which entitles Jinxin Medical Investment
                      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
                      any part of the equity interest in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital from Jinyi Hongkang
                      itself or through its designated person(s); and (iv) Jinxin Women and Children Hospital
                      irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Jinxin Medical Investment
                      which entitles Jinxin Medical Investment to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted
                      by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinxin Women and Children
                      Hospital attributable to Jinyi Hongkang from Jinxin Women and Children Hospital itself
                      or through its designated person(s). The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and
                      assets shall be the minimum purchase price permitted under PRC law, and each of the
                      Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Women and Children
                      Hospital will undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full
                      the consideration received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Jinxin
                      Medical Investment.




70   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                 Report of Directors



(3)   2021 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and 2021 Powers of Attorney
      On November 26, 2021, Jinxin Medical Investment, Jinyi Hongkang and/or the Jinyi
      Hongkang Registered Shareholders and/or Jinxin Women and Children Hospital have
      entered into the 2021 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2021 Powers
      of Attorney executed by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang in
      favor of Jinxin Medical Investment (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person
      designated by Jinxin Medical Investment (the “2021 Attorney”).

      Pursuant to the 2021 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2021 Powers of
      Attorney, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the
      2021 Attorney to exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinyi Hongkang
      (as applicable); and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably agrees to authorize the 2021 Attorney
      to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder of Jinxin Women and Children
      Hospital with 10% equity interest, including the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting,
      sign minutes, and file documents with the relevant companies registry. As Jinxin Medical
      Investment is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms of the 2021 Shareholders’ Rights
      Entrustment Agreements and the 2021 Powers of Attorney will give the Company control
      over all corporate decisions of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital and 100% equity
      interest of Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital.

(4)   2021 Equity Pledge Agreements
      On November 26, 2021, Jinxin Medical Investment, the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
      Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, and/or Jinxin Women and Children Hospital have entered
      into the 2021 Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i)
      the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity
      interest in Jinyi Hongkang; and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang agrees to pledge all of its equity interest
      in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to Jinxin Medical Investment to secure performance
      of all their obligations and the obligations of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital under
      the Exclusive Option Agreement, the 2021 Powers of Attorney and the Equity Pledge
      Agreements underlying the New Contractual Arrangements.

(5)   Spouse Undertakings
      The spouses of each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders has signed an
      undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
      Shareholders in Jinyi Hongkang (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within
      the scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
      interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




                                                      Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   71
     Report of Directors



          c.    2022 Contractual Arrangements
                On December 30, 2022, the Company had terminated the 2021 Contractual Arrangements and
                entered into the 2022 Contractual Arrangements in regards to the entire equity interest Jinxin
                Women and Children Hospital. The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic
                benefits from Jinxin Women and Children Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the 2022
                Contractual Arrangements:


                                                                             (1)
                                         Jinyi Hongkang(2)                                    WFOE

                                                             100%
                                                        Jinxin
                                                        Medical
                                                      Investment


                             10%                             90%
                                      Jinxin Women and Children Hospital

                                           denotes direct legal and beneficiary ownership in the equity interest

                                           denotes contractual relationships under the 2022 Contractual Arrangements

                Notes:

                (1)   The 2022 exclusive Operation Services Agreement, 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, 2022 Powers of
                      Attorney, 2022 Equity Pledge Agreements and Spouse Undertakings together form the legal relationship
                      under the 2022 contractual Arrangements.

                (2)   Jinyi Hongkang is owned by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Ms. Lyu Rong and Mr. Xu Jun, as
                      to 51% and 49%, respectively.


                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the 2022 Contractual Arrangements
                is set out below. For details of the specific agreements, please refer to the Company’s
                announcement dated November 7, 2022.

                (1)   2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
                      On December 30, 2022, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital have entered into the 2022
                      Exclusive Operation Services Agreement with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders,
                      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management,
                      pursuant to which, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, Jinxin Medical Investment and
                      Jinyi Hongkang each agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management as their
                      exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange
                      for a service fee.

                      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the services to be provided
                      include but are not limited to (i) business, financing and investment; (ii) medical technology
                      related consultation, medical resources sharing and medical professionals training; (iii)
                      human resources management; (iv) market research; (v) strategies for marketing and
                      business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory management; (vii) operation and marketing
                      strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii) medical service quality control; (ix) internal
                      management; and (x) other services relating to management and operation of medical

72   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                 Report of Directors



      institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has proprietary
      rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by itself from the performance
      of these services. During the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement,
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management may use the intellectual property rights owned by
      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital
      free of charge and without any conditions. Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment
      and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital may also use the intellectual property work
      created by Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management from the services performed by Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management in accordance with the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services
      Agreement.

      Under the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the service fee shall be an
      amount equal to 100% of the distributable net profit of each Jinxin Women and Children
      Hospital of a given audited financial year, after deducting losses from the previous financial
      years (if any) and any statutory provident fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees,
      Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital shall
      reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of-pocket expenses incurred
      by Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management in connection with the performance of the 2022
      Exclusive Operation Services Agreement and provision of services.

      In addition, absence of a prior written consent of Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management,
      during the term of the 2022 Exclusive Operation Services Agreement, the Jinyi Hongkang
      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinxin Women
      and Children Hospital shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services
      provided by any third party and shall not establish similar cooperation relationships with
      any third party. Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management has the right to appoint any third party
      to provide any or all of the services, or to fulfill its obligations under the 2022 Exclusive
      Operation Services Agreement.

(2)   2022 Exclusive Option Agreements
      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
      Exclusive Option Agreements with the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders, Jinyi
      Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital.

      Pursuant to the 2022 Exclusive Option Agreements, (i) each of the Jinyi Hongkang
      Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
      any part of the equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s);
      (ii) Jinyi Hongkang irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan
      Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to elect to
      purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the
      assets of Jinyi Hongkang itself or through its designated person(s); (iii) Jinyi Hongkang
      and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably and unconditionally grant an exclusive option to
      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
      any part of the equity interest in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital from Jinyi Hongkang
      and Jinxin Medical Investment itself or through its designated person(s); and (iv) Jinxin


                                                     Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   73
     Report of Directors



                      Women and Children Hospital irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option
                      to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management
                      to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
                      part of the assets of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital attributable to Jinyi Hongkang
                      and Jinxin Medical Investment from Jinxin Women and Children Hospital itself or through
                      its designated person(s). The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets shall
                      be the minimum purchase price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and Jinxin Women
                      and Children Hospital will undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws,
                      return in full the consideration received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or
                      assets to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management.

                (3)   2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and 2022 Powers of Attorney
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the
                      2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements with Jinxin Women and Children
                      Hospital, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinxin Medical Investment and the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                      Shareholders and the 2022 Powers of Attorney executed by the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                      Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment in favor of Sichuan Jinxin
                      Medical Management (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by
                      Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management (the “2022 Attorney”).

                      Pursuant to the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of
                      Attorney, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the
                      2022 Attorney to exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinyi Hongkang
                      (as applicable); and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment irrevocably agree
                      to authorize the 2022 Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers of a shareholder in
                      Jinxin Women and Children Hospital with 100% equity interest, including the rights to vote
                      in a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file documents with the relevant companies
                      registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management is a subsidiary of the Company, the terms
                      of the 2022 Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and the 2022 Powers of Attorney
                      will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in Jinxin Women and Children
                      Hospital and 100% effective shareholding interest in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital.

                (4)   2022 Equity Pledge Agreements
                      On December 30, 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management have entered into the 2022
                      Equity Pledge Agreements with Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, the Jinyi Hongkang
                      Registered Shareholders, Jinyi Hongkang and Jinxin Medical Investment. Pursuant to the
                      2022 Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders agree
                      to pledge all of their respective equity interest in Jinyi Hongkang; and (ii) Jinyi Hongkang
                      and Jinxin Medical Investment agree to pledge all of its equity interest in Jinxin Women
                      and Children Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Medical Management to secure performance of all
                      their obligations and the obligations in Jinxin Women and Children Hospital under the 2022
                      Exclusive Option Agreements, the 2022 Powers of Attorney and the 2022 Equity Pledge
                      Agreements underlying the 2022 New Contractual Arrangements.




74   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                   Report of Directors



            (5)    2022 Spouse Undertakings
                   The spouses of each of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered Shareholders will sign an
                   undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinyi Hongkang Registered
                   Shareholders in Jinyi Hongkang (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within
                   the scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
                   interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.

     d.     Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements
            The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Jiuzhou Hospital
            and Hewanjia Hospital to the Group as stipulated under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
            Hospital Contractual Arrangements:


       Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                  Hewanjia Hospital

                                                              Independent Third                                                                Independent Third
           Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                             Party                     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility(3)                            Party
                                        89.7959%                       10.2041%                                            89.7959%                     10.2041%
                         100%                                                                              100%

                         Kangzhi Hospital                                                                  Kangzhi Hospital
                            Company                       Guangzhou Yunzhicai                                 Company                        Guangzhou Hejia
                                  35.70%                      34.30%                                                35.70%                     34.30%


                                       Jiuzhou Hospital                                                                  Hewanjia Hospital

                                 (2)                                                                               (2)

                                                30%                                                                               30%
Jinrun Fude Registered                                                            Jinrun Fude Registered
                                           Jinrun Fude                                                                       Jinrun Fude
      Shareholders(1)     100%                                                          Shareholders(1)     100%




                                                                                         denotes direct legal and beneficiary
                                                                                         ownership in the equity interest

                                                                                         denotes contractual relationships under
                                                                                         the contractual arrangements

                                                                                         denotes the equity interests controlled
                                                                                         by the Group under the contractual
                                                                                         arrangements

            Notes:

            1)     The Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders are Ms. Yan Xiaoqing and Ms. Zhu Yujuan, who holds 51% and
                   49% of the equity interests in Jinrun Fude, respectively.

            2)     The Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operations Service Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                   Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreement, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney,
                   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreement and Spouse Undertaking together form the
                   legal relationship under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Contractual Arrangements.

            3)     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may hold the equity rights in Kangzhi Hospital Company directly and/or indirectly
                   through its subsidiaries or entities controlled by it.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022                  Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   75
     Report of Directors



                A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                Hospital Contractual Arrangements is set out below. For details of the specific agreements,
                please refer to the Company’s announcement dated July 13, 2022.

                (1)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreement
                      Each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively, entered into an
                      exclusive operation services agreement with the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders,
                      Jinrun Fude and Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      Exclusive Operation Services Agreements”), pursuant to which, Jiuzhou Hospital,
                      Hewanjia Hospital and Jinrun Fude each agreed to engage Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as their
                      exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange
                      for a service fee.

                      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the services to be provided include but are not limited to (i) business,
                      financing and investment; (ii) medical technology related consultation, medical resources
                      sharing and medical professionals training; (iii) human resources management; (iv) market
                      research; (v) strategies for marketing and business expansion; (vi) supplier and inventory
                      management; (vii) operation and marketing strategy formulation and monitoring; (viii)
                      medical service quality control; (ix) internal management; and (x) other services relating to
                      management and operation of medical institutions and shareholder’s rights. Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility has proprietary rights to all the intellectual properties developed or created by
                      itself from the performance of these services. During the term of the Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility may
                      use the intellectual property rights owned by Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                      Hospital free of charge and without any conditions. Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital may also use the intellectual property work created by Sichuan Jinxin
                      Fertility from the services performed by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in accordance with the
                      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Service Agreements.

                      Under the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services
                      Agreements, the service fee shall be an amount equal to 30.00% of the distributable net
                      profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital of a given audited financial year,
                      after deducting losses from the previous financial years (if any) and any statutory provident
                      fund (if applicable). Apart from the service fees, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital shall reimburse all reasonable costs, reimbursed payments and out-of
                      pocket expenses incurred by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility in connection with the performance of
                      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Operation Services Agreements and
                      provision of services. For the period between April 20, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the
                      service fee in relation to 30% of the distributable net profit of each Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital is RMB2,547,000.




76   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                  Report of Directors



(2)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into exclusive option agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      Exclusive Option Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude.

      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, (i)
      each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably and unconditionally grants
      an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect
      to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part
      of the equity interest in Jinrun Fude itself or through its designated person(s); (ii) Jinrun
      Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility
      which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by
      the then applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jinrun Fude itself or through its
      designated person(s); (iii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably and unconditionally grants an exclusive
      option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase
      at any time, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity
      interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital from Jinrun Fude itself or through its
      designated person(s); and (iv) each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital irrevocably
      and unconditionally grants an exclusive option to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility which entitles
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to elect to purchase at any time, when permitted by the then
      applicable PRC laws, all or part of the assets of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
      attributable to Jinrun Fude from Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital itself or through
      its designated person(s). The transfer price of the relevant equity interest and assets
      shall be the minimum purchase price permitted under PRC law, and each of the Jinrun
      Fude Registered Shareholders, Jinrun Fude, Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital will
      undertake that he/she/it will, subject to applicable PRC laws, return in full the consideration
      received in relation to such transfer of equity interest or assets to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility.

(3)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements and
      Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney
      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
      entered into the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and
      Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility, Jinrun Fude and/or the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and the powers
      of attorney executed by the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinrun Fude (the
      “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney”) in favor of Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Sichuan Jinxin
      Fertility (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Attorney”).




                                                      Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   77
     Report of Directors



                      Pursuant to the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment
                      Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney, (i)
                      the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorize the Attorney to
                      exercise all of their rights and powers as a shareholder of Jinrun Fude (as applicable); and
                      (ii) Jinrun Fude irrevocably agrees to authorize the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and
                      powers of a shareholder in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital with 30.00%
                      equity interest, including the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting, sign minutes, and file
                      documents with the relevant companies registry. As Sichuan Jinxin Fertility is a subsidiary
                      of the Company, the terms of the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Shareholders’
                      Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of
                      Attorney will give the Company control over all corporate decisions in each of the Target
                      Hospitals and 96.50% effective shareholding interest in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and
                      Hewanjia Hospital.

                (4)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements
                      On July 13, 2022, each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital have, respectively,
                      entered into the equity pledge agreements (the “Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      Equity Pledge Agreements”) with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, the Jinrun Fude Registered
                      Shareholders and Jinrun Fude. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Jinrun
                      Fude Registered Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity interest in
                      Jinrun Fude; and (ii) Jinrun Fude agrees to pledge all of its equity interest in Jiuzhou
                      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital to Sichuan Jinxin Fertility to secure performance of all their
                      obligations and the obligations in each of Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital under
                      the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Exclusive Option Agreements, the Jiuzhou
                      Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Powers of Attorney and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                      Hospital Equity Pledge Agreements underlying the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital
                      Contractual Arrangements.

                (5)   Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital Spouse Undertaking
                      The spouses of each of the Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders has signed an
                      undertaking to the effect that the respective interests of the Jinrun Fude Registered
                      Shareholders in Jinrun Fude (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the
                      scope of joint possession, and each of the spouses has no right to or control over such
                      interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.




78   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Report of Directors



The Foreign Investment Law
The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外商投資法》) (the “FIL”), which was adopted at
the Second Session of the Thirteenth National People’s Congress of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and came
into force as of January 1, 2020, which has replaced the law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures (《中外
合資經營企業法》), the law on Sino-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures (《中外合作經營企業法》) and the law
on Foreign Capital Enterprises (《外資企業法》) to become the legal foundation for foreign Investment in the
PRC. The FIL stipulates three forms of foreign investment, but does not explicitly stipulate the contractual
arrangements as a form of foreign investment.

Conducting operations through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based
companies, and has been adopted by our Company in the form of the Contractual Arrangements, to
establish control of our VIE Entities, through which we operate our business in the PRC. As advised by the
PRC Legal Advisors, since the definition of “actual control” and “variable interest entities” are not explicitly
provided in the FIL, nor does it explicitly stipulate that obtaining control over or holding interests in
domestic enterprises through contractual arrangements is a form of foreign investment, if after the current
FIL comes into effect, none of the laws, regulations, rules, normative documents or regulatory practice
considers or interprets contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, then the possibility that
the legal effectiveness of the Contractual Arrangements become materially adversely affected due to
violation of the entry requirements under the FIL is relatively low.

Notwithstanding the above, the FIL stipulates that foreign investment includes “Foreign Investors invest in
China through many other methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the
State Council”. There are possibilities that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed
by the State Council may regard Contractual Arrangements as a form of foreign investment, at which time
it will be uncertain whether the Contractual Arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign
investment access requirements and how the above-mentioned Contractual Arrangements will be handled.
Therefore, there is no guarantee that the Contractual Arrangements and the business of the VIE Entities
will not be materially and adversely affected in the future due to changes in PRC laws and regulations. In
the event that such measures are not complied with, the Stock Exchange may take enforcement actions
against the Company which may have a material adverse effect on the trading of the Shares.

Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed
and/or reproduced between the Group and Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and/or the VIE Entities during
the Reporting Period. There was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the
circumstances under which they were adopted during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that
none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any PRC
governing bodies in operating its businesses through its VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.




                                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   79
     Report of Directors



     Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements
     The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of ARS at its medical institutions in China. According
     to the applicable Catalogue and relevant treaties between China and Hong Kong, medical institutions fall
     within the “restricted” investment category, and therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments.
     Foreign investments are also restricted to the form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint
     venture, except for investments by qualified service providers as defined under Notice of Expanding the
     Territorial Scope for Hong Kong and Macao Service Suppliers to Establish Wholly-Owned Hospitals in the
     Mainland (關於擴大香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院地域範圍的通知), the Mainland and Hong Kong
     Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement and its supplemental Agreements (內地與香港關於建立更緊密
     經貿關係的安排及其補充協議), Interim Measures for the Administration of Hong Kong and Macao Service
     Providers’ Establishment of Sole Proprietorship Hospitals in the Mainland (香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設
     立獨資醫院管理暫行辦法), and Notice Concerning Establishment of Medical Institutions in the Mainland by
     Hong Kong and Macao Service Providers (關於香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立醫療機構有關問題的通知).
     Furthermore, as advised by the PRC Legal Advisors, the Company, as a foreign entity, shall not hold more
     than 90.00%, 70.00% and 70.00% of the equity interests in any medical institution in Chengdu, Shenzhen
     and Kunming, respectively, and not hold any equity interest in medical institutions offering Genetics
     Molecular Services in the PRC (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”). As such, the Company, through
     Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and Jinxin Medical Investment, currently holds 90.00%, 70.00%, 66.50% and nil
     equity interests in (i) Chengdu Xinan Hospital, (ii) Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital (iii) Jiuzhou Hospital and
     Hewanjia Hospital and (iv) Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, respectively. Jinrun Fude holds 10.00%
     equity interests in Chengdu Xinan Hospital, 29.90% in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and 30.00% equity
     interest in Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital. Ms. Qian Minhui holds the remaining 0.1% equity
     interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. Jinyi Hongkang holds 100% equity interests in Jinxin Women
     and Children Hospital. For details, please refer to the section headed “Regulatory Overview — Relevant
     Regulations on Foreign Investment in China” of the Prospectus.

     Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements
     There are the certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

     •    If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory
          restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
          of existing regulations change in the future, the Group could be subject to severe penalties or be
          forced to relinquish the Group’s interests in those operations.

     •    The Contractual Arrangements may result in adverse tax consequences to the Group.

     •    The shareholders of the Company’s VIE Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with the
          Group, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition.

     •    The PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies
          and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent the Company from using
          the proceeds of this offering to make loans to its PRC subsidiaries, or to make additional capital
          contributions to its PRC subsidiaries.




80   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Report of Directors



•     If the Group exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of Jinrun Fude and/or Jinyi Hongkang,
      the ownership transfer may subject the Group to certain limitations and substantial costs.

•     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as
      direct ownership. Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang, Jinrun Fude Registered Shareholders and Jinyi
      Hongkang Registered Shareholders may fail to perform their obligations under the New Contractual
      Arrangements.

For details, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure”
of the Prospectus and the section headed “Risks Relating to the New Contractual Arrangements” in the
Company’s announcement dated November 26, 2021.

Compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the
implementation and compliance of the Contractual Arrangements:

(a)   major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements or
      any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if necessary, for
      review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

(b)   the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
      at least once a year;

(c)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
      Arrangements in its annual reports and interim reports to update the Shareholders and potential
      investors; and

(d)   the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist
      the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the legal compliance of
      Sichuan Jinxin Fertility, Jinxin Medical Investment, Jinrun Fude, Jinyi Hongkang and the VIE Entities to
      deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the Contractual
Arrangements
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing, an executive Director and Ms. Lyu Rong, an executive Director, are connected persons
of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
the Listing Rules.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   81
     Report of Directors



     In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
     compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Contractual
     Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap
     for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules and (iii)
     the requirement of limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule
     14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to
     the following conditions:

     (a)   There shall be no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

     (b)   There shall be no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

     (c)   The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the economic benefits
           derived from the VIE Entities;

     (d)   The Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduce (i) upon expiry or (ii) in relation to
           any existing, newly established or acquired wholly foreign-owned enterprise or operating company
           (including a branch company), engaging in the same business as that of the Group, without
           obtaining Shareholders’ approval, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Contractual
           Arrangements; and

     (e)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

     As long as the Contractual Arrangements subsist, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang will be treated
     as our subsidiary and the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of Jinrun Fude and
     Jinyi Hongkang and their respective associates will be treated as connected persons of our Company
     (excluding for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), and transactions between these connected
     persons and the Group (including for this purpose, Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang), other than those
     under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.

     Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditor
     The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the overall
     performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements, confirmed that:

     (a)   the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance with
           the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

     (b)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the VIE Entities to the holders of its equity
           interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group;

     (c)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang to
           the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
           Group; and




82   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Report of Directors



(d)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the VIE Entities
      during the Reporting Period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far the
      Group is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

Further, each of Jinrun Fude and Jinyi Hongkang has undertaken that, for so long as the Shares are listed
on the Stock Exchange, they will provide the Group’s management and the Company’s auditor full access
to its relevant records for the purpose of their review of the continuing connected transactions under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

2.    MSA and Ancillary Arrangements
      On January 22, 2019, HRC Management entered into the MSA together with the Ancillary Agreements
      (as defined below) with HRC Medical, pursuant to which HRC Medical engages HRC Management as
      its provider of certain management services, including but without limitation, office space, equipment,
      personnel, book-keeping, accounting services, information technology and network services, records
      maintenance, billing and collection activities and other non-medical services necessary to operate
      the medical practice of HRC Medical. The MSA has been effective from January 1, 2019 for an initial
      term of 20 years, and such term shall be automatically extended for one additional year upon each
      anniversary, until and unless the MSA is terminated in accordance with its terms.

      Apart from the MSA, HRC Management and HRC Medical entered into a consulting agreement on
      January 22, 2019 with three Physician Shareholders (the “Consulting Agreement”) pursuant to
      which HRC Management will appoint such Physician Shareholders to assist HRC Management with
      physician management activities for an initial term of two years and will be automatically renewed
      upon its expiry subject to negotiation among the parties, and that such Physician Shareholders will
      each provide to HRC Management strategic advice regarding the operations, staffing, budget and
      capital improvement planning for HRC Management. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
      service fee payable by HRC Medical under the MSA and the consulting fee payable to the Physician
      Shareholders under the Consulting Agreement is US$47,901,000 and US$1,000 per Physician
      Shareholders (US$0 to Dr. John G. Wilcox who was appointed on November 23, 2022), respectively.

      HRC Management also entered into an amended and restated succession and indemnification
      agreements with each Physician Shareholder dated January 22, 2019 (the “Succession and
      Indemnification Agreement”, together with the MSA and Consulting Agreement, the “MSA and
      Ancillary Agreements”). Under each Succession and Indemnification Agreement, the Physician
      Shareholder may be required to transfer his or her share of common stock of HRC Medical upon
      the occurrence of a succession event stated below to maintain an orderly transition of ownership
      and management. For details, please refer to the section headed “Business — Our Management
      Agreements — Management Services Agreement” of the Prospectus.

Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange under the MSA and
Ancillary Agreements
HRC Medical is jointly-owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman (33.3%), Dr. Bradford A. Kolb (33.3%) and Dr.
Jane L. Frederick (33.3%). Pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, HRC Medical is an associate
of the Physician Shareholders, which are the substantial shareholders of the Company and thereby a
connected person of the Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the MSA and Ancillary
Agreements constitutes continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   83
     Report of Directors



     In consideration of the importance of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements to the Company’s business and
     operations and the significant revenue contribution to the Group, the Directors (including the independent
     non-executive Directors) are of the view that the MSA and Ancillary Agreements and the transactions
     contemplated thereunder (including the term thereof) are fundamental to the legal structure and business
     of the Group which allow us to enjoy the economic benefits derived from HRC Medical, while preventing
     possible leakages of assets and values of HRC Medical on an uninterrupted basis, and that such
     transactions have been, and will be, entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
     Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Company
     and its Shareholders as a whole.

     In respect of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements, the Stock Exchange has granted a waiver from strict
     compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the MSA and
     Ancillary Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an
     annual cap for the transactions under the MSA and Ancillary Agreements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
     Rules; and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements to three years or
     less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange
     subject however to the following conditions:

     (a)   There shall be no change or waiver of management service fee without the independent
           non-executive Directors’ approval;

     (b)   There shall be no change to the MSA and Ancillary Agreements without the independent
           Shareholders’ approval;

     (c)   The Company shall comply with the requirements under Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of the
           Listing Rules if it makes any principal advances to HRC Medical pursuant to the MSA and Ancillary
           Agreements;

     (d)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall continue to enable the Group to receive a substantial portion
           of the economic benefits derived by HRC Medical through the business structure under which a fixed
           percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be paid to the Group as management service
           fees, subject to review by the Company and HRC Medical on an annual basis to ensure that the total
           compensation paid to HRC Management shall be commensurate with the fair market value for the
           services rendered;

     (e)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements shall automatically be extended one additional year upon
           each anniversary in accordance with the terms thereof until and unless the MSA is terminated in
           accordance with its terms, subject to compliance with California law and federal law of the United
           States; and

     (f)   The Group shall disclose details relating to the MSA and Ancillary Agreements on an ongoing basis.




84   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                       Report of Directors



Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditors
The independent non-executive Directors and the auditor of the Company, upon review of the MSA and
Ancillary Agreements, confirmed that:

(a)   The transactions carried out during the year ended December 31, 2022 have been entered into
      in accordance with the relevant provisions of the MSA and Ancillary Agreements, and have been
      operated in a manner so that a fixed percentage of the gross revenue of HRC Medical will be
      payable to HRC Management as management service fee, subject to review by the Company and
      HRC Medical and approval by the independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis, plus a
      discretionary bonus incentive;

(b)   The MSA and Ancillary Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022 were carried on in
      the ordinary course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or better and fair and
      reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; and

(c)   The management fee received by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 had been duly
      reviewed and approved by the Board (including the independent non-executive Directors).

Annual Review and Confirmation by the Auditor of the Company
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
(Revised), “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu has issued its unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of
the continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with Rule
14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock
Exchange.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   85
     Report of Directors



     Non-exempt One-off Connected Transactions
     Acquisition of 15% Equity Interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
     On January 27, 2022, Jinrun Fude (a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Existing Contractual
     Arrangements) has entered into the equity transfer agreement (the “15% Equity Transfer Agreement”)
     with Mr. Mei Hua, pursuant to which Jinrun Fude agreed to purchase, and Mr. Mei Hua agreed to sell 15%
     equity interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at the consideration of RMB288,682,500 in accordance
     with the terms and conditions thereof. The payment of the consideration was funded by the internal
     resources of the Group.

     Upon completion of the acquisition, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has entered into the new contractual
     arrangements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Investment Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖醫療
     投資管理有限公司) and Jinrun Fude, the terms and conditions of which shall be the same as the Existing
     Contractual Arrangements in all material respects, upon which the economic benefit in relation to the
     Target Equity Interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital held by the Jinrun Fude will be consolidated into
     the Group’s results. For details of the new contractual arrangements, please refer to the section headed
     “Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” in this annual report.

     The acquisition of 15% equity interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital will enable the Group to increase
     its control in the equity interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to approximately 94.44%, thereby
     enabling the Group to (i) enhance its control and influence over the management and operation of
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (ii) increase its share of economic benefits generated by Shenzhen
     Zhongshan Hospital, and (iii) have greater flexibility in the formulation of business strategies in Shenzhen
     Zhongshan Hospital to the Group.

     Listing Rules Implications under the Acquisition of 15% Equity Interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan
     Hospital
     Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As of the date
     of this annual report, Mr. Mei Hua is a substantial shareholder and a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan
     Hospital and hence a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Accordingly, the
     acquisition constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Acquisition of 5.46% Equity Interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and Subscription of New
     Shares by Connected Person under Specific Mandate
     On April 13, 2022, Jinrun Fude (a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Existing Contractual
     Arrangements) has entered into the equity transfer agreement with Mr. Zeng Yong (“Mr. Zeng”) (the
     “5.46% Equity Transfer Agreement”), pursuant to which, Jinrun Fude agreed to purchase and Mr. Zeng
     agreed to sell the 5.46% equity interest (the “Target Equity Interest”) in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at
     the consideration of HK$157,500,000 in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof. Pursuant to the
     5.46% Equity Transfer Agreement, the total amount of the consideration shall be paid in cash to Mr. Zeng
     and such payments shall be funded by the internal resources of the Group.




86   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                        Report of Directors



Upon completion of the acquisition, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has entered into the new contractual
arrangements with Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Investment Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖醫療
投資管理有限公司) and Jinrun Fude, the terms and conditions of which shall be the same as the Existing
Contractual Arrangements in all material respects, upon which the economic benefit in relation to the
Target Equity Interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital held by the Jinrun Fude will be consolidated into
the Group’s results. For details of the new contractual arrangements, please refer to the section headed
“Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” in this annual report.

On even date, the Company has entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”)
with Mr. Zeng, pursuant to which the Company conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Mr. Zeng
conditionally agreed to subscribed for 15,000,000 subscription Shares at the subscription price of
HK$6.50 per subscription Share for a total consideration of HK$97,500,000.

This acquisition together with the prior acquisition of 15.00% equity interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan
Hospital enables the Group to further increase its control in the equity interest in Shenzhen Zhongshan
Hospital to approximately 99.90%, thereby enabling the Group to (i) enhance its control and influence
over the management and operation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, (ii) increase its share of economic
benefits generated by Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, and (iii) have greater flexibility in the formulation of
business strategies in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to the Group.

Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital contributes significantly to the Group’s revenue and plays a pivotal role in
the long-term strategic development of the Group’s business operations. Since its establishment, Mr. Zeng
has been working at Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and is currently the president of Shenzhen Zhongshan
Hospital and is responsible for its overall management and development. The Company believes that the
subscription will further reinforce the commitment of Mr. Zeng to the Group by aligning his interests to
the Shareholders through ownership of the Shares and his continuing support would be beneficial to the
long-term business development and increasing the value of the Group.

Listing Rules Implications under the Acquisition of 5.46% Equity Interest in Shenzhen
Zhongshan Hospital and Subscription of New Shares by Connected Person under Specific
Mandate
Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On the
transaction date, Mr. Zeng was a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and hence, a connected
person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Accordingly, each of the acquisition and the subscription
constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   87
     Report of Directors



     Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions as disclosed in note 44 to the consolidated
     financial statements do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
     defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, and except the continuing connected transactions and connected
     transactions that were granted full exemptions on the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules by the Stock Exchange, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
     which are required to be disclosed by the Company during the Reporting Period in accordance with the
     provisions concerning the disclosure of connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
     In respect of the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions entered into by the
     Company during the year of 2022, the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (as amended from time to time).

     DONATIONS
     During the Reporting Period, the Group made no charitable and other donations.

     SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration
     of material importance and no litigation or claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be
     pending or threatening against the Company.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     Under the Articles of Association, every Director or other officers of the Company acting in relation to any
     of the affairs of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
     damages and expenses which he or she may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his or her duties
     in his or her office; be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company; provided that
     this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors
     and officers.

     POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
     The material post balance sheet events are disclosed in note 52 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

     AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
     The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company had, together with the management and the
     auditor of the Company, reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information
     on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance
     Report on pages 90 to 106 of this annual report.




88   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                       Report of Directors



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at
least 25% of the total issued Shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by
the Stock Exchange and permitted under the Listing Rules, was held by the public at all times during the
Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report.

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022. The accompanying financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs have been audited by
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

There was no change in the auditor of the Company since the Listing Date.

On behalf of the Board




Zhong Yong
Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, March 30, 2023




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   89
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
     December 31, 2022.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests
     of the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the
     CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The
     Company has complied with all applicable code provisions and principles under the CG Code during the
     year ended December 31, 2022 to enable the Shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate
     governance have been applied.

     The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
     with the CG Code.

     THE BOARD
     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic
     decisions and monitoring business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and
     responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the
     Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board
     committees including the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
     Nomination Committee, the Strategic Decisions Committee and the Medical Quality Control and R&D
     Committee (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees
     responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

     All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
     and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and
     advice from the senior management of the Group. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties
     to the Company.

     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly
     reviews the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

     The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors.
     The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.




90   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Board Composition
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises following
Directors:

Executive Directors
Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)
Dr. John G. Wilcox
Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Geng Lihong

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Fang Min
Ms. Hu Zhe
Ms. Yan Xiaoqing

Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. Chong Yat Keung
Mr. Li Jianwei
Mr. Wang Xiaobo
Mr. Ye Changqing

The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this annual report.

Save as disclosed in the Directors’ biographies set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report, none of the Directors have any personal relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director and chief
executive.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has at all times met the requirements under
Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent
non-executive directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing
Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of
the Board.

As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent parties.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   91
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Independence
     During the Reporting Period, the Company has in place various measures and mechanisms underpinning
     a strong independent Board and that independent views and input are conveyed to the Board. The
     measures and mechanisms are kept under annual review to ensure their effectiveness and to uphold
     good corporate governance. The Board reviewed and considered that such mechanisms were properly
     implemented during 2022 and were effective, they are as follows:

     •    Board and Committees’ structure. The Company has been steered by a Board, comprising a
          majority of non-executive Directors. The Board comprises a majority of non-executive Directors and
          independent non-executive Directors. The Chief Executive Officer is the only executive Director on
          the Board, and all the remaining 7 Directors, including the Chairman, are non-executive Directors or
          independent non-executive Directors. Separation of the role of the Chairman and the Chief Executive
          Officer ensures that there is a balance of power and authority. Members of all governance related
          committees are non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors.

     •    Appointment of Directors. In assessing suitability of the candidates, the Nomination Committee
          will review their character and integrity; qualifications including professional experience, skills and
          knowledge; diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
          background; having regard to the Board’s composition, the selection criteria approved by the Board,
          the nomination policy and the board diversity policy.

     •    Annual review of Directors’ commitment and independence. The Nomination Committee reviews
          annually each Director’s time commitment to the Group’s business. Each independent non-executive
          Director is required to inform the Stock Exchange as soon as practicable if there is any change in his
          or her personal particulars that may affect his or her independence. No such notification was received
          during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has received written annual confirmation
          from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in
          accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
          is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

     •    Conflict management. A Director who has a material interest in any transaction, contract or
          arrangement shall not vote (nor shall be counted in the quorum) on any Board resolution approving
          the same.

     •    Professional advice. To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors have full and timely
          access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional
          advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expenses.

     •    Board evaluation. The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed during
          the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
     the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance the
     effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve diversity
     of the Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board,
     including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education
     background, ethnicity and length of service.


92   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                       Corporate Governance Report



The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic
development, business development, sales, research and development, medical research, investment
management, finance, risk management, science, medical and the ARS industry. They obtained degrees
in various areas including economics, business administration, medicine, law, bioengineering, international
finance, management, computer science, literature and journalism. The age of the Directors range from 36
years old to 60 years old.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

As of December 31, 2022, the Board was comprised of four female Directors and eight male Directors. The
Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient. The Company
will continue to devote efforts in integrating the principle of gender diversity into its recruitment processes
and maintaining at least one-third of the Group’s management roles be held by women, with a view to
create a promising career path for the Group’s outstanding female management personnel and to nurture
potential female successors to the Board in the future.

As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 3,158 employees and the share of female employees
(including senior management) and male employees at the Group is 85.5% and 14.5%, respectively.
Accordingly, the Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce in a
satisfactory manner.

The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the
Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued effectiveness.

Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out an approach to guide the Nomination
Committee in relation to the selection, appointment and re-appointment of the Directors and ensures that
the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
the requirements of the Company’s business. The nomination policy sets out the criteria for the selection
of a candidate, including but not limited to skills, qualifications and experiences, independence from the
Company and its subsidiaries, reputation and integrity.

The nomination policy also sets out criteria for the evaluation and recommendation to the Board on the
re-appointment of retiring Director(s), the position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors, and
the process and procedures for the nomination of Directors. After receiving recommendations regarding
the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors, the chairman of the Nomination
Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due diligence. Upon review
by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the Company will convene a Board meeting where
recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and approved
by the Board, the proposed retiring directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

The Nomination Committee will review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.




                                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   93
     Corporate Governance Report



     Induction and Continuous Professional Development
     Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction information to ensure that he/she has
     a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities
     under relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to
     provide Directors with updates on the latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other
     relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular
     updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each
     Director to discharge their duties.

     Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh
     their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and
     provided written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a Director.

     According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors
     during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                        Nature of Continuous Professional
     Name of Directors                                                                          Development Programme(1)


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                                                  A&B
     Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                                         A&B
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                                    A&B
     Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                                                                  A&B
     Dr. Geng Lihong                                                                                                            A&B

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Fang Min                                                                                                               A&B
     Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                                                 A&B
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                                                                           A&B

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                                        A&B
     Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                                                             A&B
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                                            A&B
     Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                                           A&B

     Note:

     (1)     Nature of Continuous Professional Development Programme:

             A:   Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers

             B:   Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, listing rules and other
                  relevant ordinances




94   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
separate and performed by different individuals.

During the Reporting Period, the Chairman of the Board was Mr. Zhong Yong and the offices of the chief
executive officers were separately co-held by Mr. Dong Yang and Ms. Lyu Rong with clear distinction in
responsibilities with the Chairman. The Chairman of the Board is responsible for providing strategic advice
and guidance on the business development of the Group, while the chief executive officers of the Group
are responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group.

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, under which they
agreed to act as executive Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective
date of appointment, which may be terminated by not less than one month’s/three months’ notice (as the
case may be) in writing served by either the executive Director or the Company. The appointments of the
executive Directors are subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles
of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has signed an
appointment letter with the Company for a term of one year with effect from their respective date of
appointment. The appointments of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are
subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association and the
applicable Listing Rules.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
Articles of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition
and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession
planning for Directors.

Board Meetings
The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board
meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a
regular meeting.

For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known
to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries with
copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   95
     Corporate Governance Report



     Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the
     matters considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
     concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are
     sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.
     Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

     During the Reporting Period, four Board meetings and three general meetings were held, the attendance of
     each Director at the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out in the table below:

                                                                    Attended/Eligible     Attended/Eligible
                                                                        to attend the         to attend the
     Directors                                                      Board meeting(s)       general meeting


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                     4/4                  3/3
     Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                            4/4                  3/3
     Mr. Dong Yang (Chief Executive Officer)                                       4/4                  3/3
     Ms. Lyu Rong (Co-chief Executive Officer)                                     4/4                  3/3
     Dr. Geng Lihong                                                               4/4                  3/3

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Fang Min                                                                  4/4                  3/3
     Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                    4/4                  3/3
     Ms. Yan Xiaoqing                                                              4/4                  3/3

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                           4/4                  3/3
     Mr. Li Jianwei                                                                4/4                  3/3
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                               4/4                  3/3
     Mr. Ye Changqing                                                              4/4                  3/3

     Model Code for Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by
     Directors and relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model
     Code.

     Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed
     that they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

     The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the
     Company, are subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
     employees was noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




96   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



Delegation by the Board
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring of
all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material
transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment
of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could request to seek
independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged
to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior
management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.
Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the
management.

Corporate Governance Function
The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors
which includes but not limited to the following:

1.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management;

3.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
     and Directors;

4.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters;

5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
     report; and

6.   to review and monitor the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy.

BOARD COMMITTEES
Audit and Risk Management Committee
During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprises five members and
is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, Mr. Ye Changqing, and consists of another two
independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong Yat Keung and Mr. Wang Xiaobo, and two non-executive
Directors, Mr. Fang Min and Ms. Hu Zhe.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   97
     Corporate Governance Report



     The principal duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include the following:

     1.   reviewing the relationship with the Company’s auditor by reference to the work performed by them,
          their remuneration and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the
          appointment, re-appointment and removal of the Company’s auditor;

     2.   reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised
          by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance
          officer or the Company’s auditor before submission to the Board; and

     3.   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, risk management and
          internal control systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
          qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and
          financial reporting function.

     The written terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are available on the websites
     of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     During the year ended December 31, 2022, three meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
     were held to discuss and consider the following matters:

     •    reviewed annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022;

     •    reviewed interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30, 2022;
          and

     •    reviewed the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the
          adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
          Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function), risk management systems and
          processes and the re-appointment of the Company’s auditor, with respect to which the Board had
          not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the
          selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the Company’s auditor.

     Attendance of each Audit and Risk Management Committee member is set out in the table below:

     Directors                                                                    Attended/Eligible to attend


     Mr. Ye Changqing (Chairman)                                                                           3/3
     Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                   3/3
     Mr. Fang Min                                                                                          3/3
     Ms. Hu Zhe                                                                                            3/3
     Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                       3/3




98   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                       Corporate Governance Report



Nomination Committee
During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprises five members and is chaired by one
executive Director, Mr. Zhong Yong, and consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Chong
Yat Keung, Mr. Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, and one executive Director, Dr. John G. Wilcox.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

1.   reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
     the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
     complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

2.   identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and senior management and selecting or
     making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships or
     senior management positions;

3.   assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

4.   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
     succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

5.   developing criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for
     directorship, including but not limited the balance of skills, knowledge and board experience, and in
     the light of this evaluation preparing a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
     appointment; and

6.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
     rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience,
skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations
of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company.

During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to discuss and consider
the following matter:

•    considered the globalized recruitment and training mechanism of the Group

•    confirmed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors

•    considered the nomination of Director for election at the AGM




                                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   99
      Corporate Governance Report



      Attendance of each Nomination Committee member is set out in the table below:

      Directors                                                                   Attended/Eligible to attend


      Mr. Zhong Yong (Chairman)                                                                           1/1
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung                                                                                 1/1
      Dr. John G. Wilcox                                                                                  1/1
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                     1/1
      Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                    1/1

      Remuneration Committee
      The Remuneration Committee comprises five members and is chaired by an independent non-executive
      Director, Dr. Chong Yat Keung, and consists of another two independent non-executive Directors, Mr.
      Wang Xiaobo and Mr. Ye Changqing, one executive Director, Mr. Dong Yang and one non-executive
      Director, Mr. Fang Min.

      The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

      1.   making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
           senior management’s remuneration;

      2.   reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
           corporate goals and objectives;

      3.   either (i) determining, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
           executive Directors and senior management; or (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the
           remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management;

      4.   making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

      5.   considering salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
           employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

      6.   reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules;
           and

      7.   performing other duties determined by the Board and stipulated in the Listing Rules or regulatory
           rules of the place where the shares of the Company are listed.

      The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock
      Exchange and the Company.




100   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



During the year ended December 31, 2022, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held to
discuss and consider the following matter:

•    reviewed, considered and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors
     and senior management of the Company for the year 2023

Attendance of each Remuneration Committee member is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                    Attended/Eligible to attend


Dr. Chong Yat Keung (Chairman)                                                                            2/2
Mr. Dong Yang                                                                                             2/2
Mr. Fang Min                                                                                              2/2
Mr. Wang Xiaobo                                                                                           2/2
Mr. Ye Changqing                                                                                          2/2

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the senior management of the Company (other than
the Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2022, are set out below:

Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                              Number of persons


5,000,001–10,000,000                                                                                         1
1,000,001–5,000,000                                                                                          7
0–1,000,000                                                                                                  2


Total                                                                                                      10


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference
to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises salaries,
allowances, benefits in kind, performance-related bonuses and pension scheme contributions. The
remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board.
Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

For additional information on the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2022, please
refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   101
      Corporate Governance Report



      DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
      RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended
      December 31, 2022 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
      Group’s results and cash flows.

      The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
      the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the
      Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s
      performance, positions and prospects.

      The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
      significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

      The statement by the Company’s auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated
      financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 107 to 111 of
      this annual report.

      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
      The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal
      control system to safeguard shareholder investments and the Company’s assets and reviewing the
      effectiveness of such system on an annual basis. The risk management and internal control systems are
      designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only
      provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.

      The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

      –    Well-defined organizational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority,
           reporting lines and responsibilities to minimize risk of errors and abuse;

      –    Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major
           functions and operations;

      –    adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such
           as company code of conduct, anti-corruption and whistleblowing, policies of protection of intellectual
           property, environmental protection, legal and compliance, pharmacovigilance, product quality and
           safety, and occupational health and safety, etc;

      —    a sound risk management procedure, requiring all relevant departments to accurately identify,
           carefully assess, dynamically monitor and timely respond to risks within the scope of their duties, and
           perform their responsibility of risk control;

      –    Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained
           staff;

      –    Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date
           business and financial reporting, and taking immediate corrective actions where necessary; and

      –    Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.




102   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Group’s internal audit department plays a major role in monitoring the internal governance of the
Company. The major tasks of the internal audit department are reviewing the financial condition and
internal control of the Company and conducting comprehensive audits of all branches and subsidiaries
of the Company on a regular basis. The review covers all material controls including financial,
operational, compliance controls and risk management. Apart from regular reporting, any urgent matters
in relation to the relevant areas of internal control will be reported in a timely manner. Review results
and recommendations in the form of written reports are submitted to the Audit and Risk Management
Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the internal audit department to
ensure that material weaknesses previously identified have been properly resolved.

The Group has established rules regulating information disclosures which stipulates the handling and
disclosure procedures of inside information. The Group uses annual reports, interim reports, and results
announcements and other announcements as required by the Listing Rules to disclose information to
investors and the public to ensure timely disclosure of information in accordance with the Listing Rules and
SFO. The Group strictly prohibits unauthorized use or dissemination of confidential or inside information.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group and considered the risk management and
internal control systems to be effective and adequate. The Board also believes that the Company has
sufficient resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programme and budget of accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the ESG performance and
reporting. The Group continuously reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems, and adopted measures and procedures in various aspects, such as fund management, budget
management, and market activities, to strengthen the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the internal control
system of the Group and considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor to the Group for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately as follows:

Type of Services                                                                                     Amount
                                                                                                      (RMB)


Audit services                                                                                     4,336,000
Non-audit services — Interim review                                                                1,124,000

Total                                                                                              5,460,000




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   103
      Corporate Governance Report



      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
      Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint company secretary of the Company, is responsible for advising the Board
      on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board policies and procedures, as well as the
      applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

      In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
      applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also engaged Ms. Ng Sau Mei, the director and head of the
      Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited (a company secretarial service provider), as the
      other joint company secretary to assist Ms. Zhai Yangyang to discharge her duties as company secretary
      of the Company. Her primary corporate contact person at the Company was Ms. Zhai Yangyang, the joint
      company secretary of the Company.

      During the year ended December 31, 2022, each of Ms. Zhai Yangyang and Ms. Ng Sau Mei has
      undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule
      3.29 of the Listing Rules.

      COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
      The Company considers effective communication with the Shareholders to be essential for enhancing
      investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
      also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable
      Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

      The AGM provides opportunity for the Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
      Chairman and the chairmen of the Board Committees of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer
      Shareholders’ questions. The Company’s auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about
      the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and
      auditor independence.

      To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website of the Company at
      www.jxr-fertility.com, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and
      developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available
      for public access.

      During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
      Shareholders’ communication policy, including the multiple communication channels for Shareholders
      in place and the steps taken to handle Shareholders’ enquiries, and considered that the Shareholders’
      communication policy has been properly implemented and effective.




104   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company adopted a dividend policy that sets out the principles and guidelines that the Company
intends to apply in relation to the declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision F.1.1 of
the CG Code that became effective starting from June 25, 2019.

Subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Articles of Association, the Board has absolute
discretion on whether to distribute dividends in any form but no dividend shall exceed the amount
recommended by the Board. The dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on the Company’s
financial and cash flow position. It will continue to be reviewed by the Board from time to time and there
can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

As of December 31, 2022, no arrangement was reached pursuant to which the Shareholders waived or
agreed to waive their dividends.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at
general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll
results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after
each general meeting.

Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company according
to the Articles of Association. Any one or more members holding as of date of deposit of the requisition not
less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings
of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or any one of the joint
company secretaries of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting
shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the
Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the
same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of
the Company.

Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries or requisitions about the Company to the Board
could send their enquiries to the headquarters of the Company at No. 301, North Jingsha Road, Jinjiang
District, Chengdu, Sichuan, China (email address: pr@jxr-fertility.com).




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   105
      Corporate Governance Report



      CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
      The Company adopted amended and restated memorandum and articles of association adopted on June
      3, 2019, which has been effective from the Listing Date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
      said amended and restated memorandum and articles of association did not have any change.

      The Listing Rules were amended by, among others, adopting a uniform set of 14 core standards for
      Shareholder protections for issuers regardless of their place of incorporation (the “Core Standards”)
      as set out in the amended Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules. The Board proposes to amend the existing
      Articles of Association in order to conform to the Core Standards and make some other housekeeping
      amendments. The proposed amendments to the Articles of Association will be proposed to the
      Shareholders for approval as a special resolution at the forthcoming AGM.




106   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF JINXIN FERTILITY GROUP LIMITED
錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 112 to 261, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code
of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on the matter.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   107
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

       Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility Management, LLC

       We identified the impairment of goodwill and           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
       intangible assets, representing contractual right      goodwill and intangible assets on HRC Fertility
       to provide management services and trademarks,         Management, LLC included:
       arising from the acquisition of HRC Fertility
       Management, LLC and its subsidiary, as a key           •   Understanding the Group’s process relating
       audit matter due to the significant management             to the preparation of cash flow forecasts and
       judgements involved in the impairment assessment,          impairment assessment;
       including but not limited to Covid-19 impact, and
       their significance to the consolidated financial       •   Obtaining an understanding of the method
       statements as a whole.                                     used to establish the impairment assessment
                                                                  model for the relevant CGU with the
       Determining whether goodwill and these intangible          independent valuer appointed by the Group
       assets are impaired requires management’s                  and evaluating the valuer’s competence,
       estimation when preparing the value-in-use of the          capabilities and objectivity;
       relevant cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which it
       has been allocated. The Group’s management,            •   Leveraging internal valuation expert to
       with the support of an independent valuer, to              assess the appropriateness of the impairment
       establish the impairment assessment model and              assessment model and the discount rate
       prepare a value-in-use calculation to estimate the         adopted by benchmarking the discount rate
       future cash flows which is discounted in its present       against market data of comparable entities;
       value taking into account key assumptions,
       including growth rates of revenue, gross margin        •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
       rate and pre-tax discount rate.                            assumptions, by comparing the growth rates
                                                                  of revenue with market data and economic
       The carrying amount of goodwill, contractual               growth trends and comparing the gross
       right to provide management services and                   margin rate of the relevant CGU with the
       trademarks were approximately RMB612,311,000,              Group’s historical performance and business
       RMB1,963,321,000 and RMB1,089,928,000,                     expansion plans; and
       respectively, as at 31 December 2022 and no
       impairment loss was recognised for the year.           •   Evaluating the reliability of cash flow
       Details of the impairment testing are disclosed in         forecasts prepared by the management by
       Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.          comparing the historical forecast with the
                                                                  actual performance in the current year.




108   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   109
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
      and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
      for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
      that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
      exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
      aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
      basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
      professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •    Identify and assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
           due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
           evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
           a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
           involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
           or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
           If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
           report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
           inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
           the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
           to continue as a going concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
           transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
           solely responsible for our audit opinion.




110   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chan, Benjie Pak Kin.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
30 March 2023




                                                               Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   111
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                      NOTES       2022          2021
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                                           5      2,364,479     1,838,826
      Cost of revenue                                                         (1,490,160)   (1,067,344)


      Gross profit                                                              874,319       771,482
      Other income                                                      6        50,152        55,966
      Other expenses                                                    7        (8,110)         (605)
      Other gains and losses, net                                       8       (58,052)       62,440
      Research and development expenses                                         (17,474)      (10,651)
      Selling and distribution expenses                                        (151,435)      (61,716)
      Administrative expenses                                                  (458,853)     (327,730)
      Share of results of associates                                             (4,414)       (6,823)
      Share of result of a joint venture                                             44        (3,290)
      Finance costs                                                     9       (71,853)      (21,146)


      Profit before taxation                                           10       154,324       457,927
      Income tax expenses                                              11       (36,375)     (104,230)


      Profit for the year                                                       117,949       353,697


      Other comprehensive income (expense):
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
         Exchange difference on translation from functional
           currency to presentation currency                                    899,187      (233,406)
         Fair value gain (loss) on equity instrument at fair value
           through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                          1,930         (3,891)
      Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
         Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations             (571,468)       80,522


      Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                         329,649      (156,775)


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                   447,598       196,922


      Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
        – Owners of the Company                                                 121,124       339,901
        – Non-controlling interests                                              (3,175)       13,796


                                                                                117,949       353,697




112   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                    NOTE               2022                  2021
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year
  attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                            447,949                183,600
  – Non-controlling interests                                           (351)                13,322


                                                                     447,598                196,922


Earnings per share:                                  14
  – Basic (RMB)                                                           0.05                  0.14


  – Diluted (RMB)                                                         0.05                  0.14




                                                    Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   113
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2022




                                                                  NOTES       2022          2021
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                15      2,529,756     1,092,059
      Right-of-use assets                                          16        565,425       400,928
      Goodwill                                                     17      3,484,725     2,719,747
      Licenses                                                     18      1,576,176     1,238,186
      Non-compete agreement                                        19         20,312        19,828
      Contractual right to provide management services             20      1,963,321     1,797,310
      Trademarks                                                   21      2,644,863     2,151,480
      Investments in preferred shares measured at fair value
        through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                           23a      105,743       169,930
      Interests in associates accounted for using equity method    23b            –             –
      Interest in a joint venture                                   26       25,254           210
      Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                   24            –         5,279
      Loan receivable                                               28        6,699        17,074
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                     25            –       177,747
      Pledged bank deposits                                         33            –       180,000
      Refundable deposits                                                    58,912        65,610
      Prepayments                                                   28      203,506        47,417
      Deferred tax assets                                           36       88,516         7,020
      Life insurance policy                                         30       22,452             –
      Amounts due from associates                                  23b       32,503       129,959
      Amounts due from other related parties                        29            –        62,474

                                                                          13,328,163    10,282,258

      Current assets
      Inventories                                                  27         62,545       46,807
      Accounts and other receivables                               28        188,680      142,685
      Amounts due from other related parties                       29        211,338      420,453
      Tax recoverable                                                         40,063        5,166
      Time deposits                                                31         13,399      846,959
      Other financial assets at FVTPL                              32         71,300      218,737
      Bank balances and cash                                       33      1,316,549      862,325

                                                                           1,903,874     2,543,132

      Current liabilities
      Accounts and other payables                                  34        916,929      445,518
      Amounts due to related parties                               29         47,528      415,139
      Lease liabilities                                            35         63,256       62,180
      Tax payables                                                            81,581      107,438
      Bank borrowing                                               37         18,618       37,746
      Convertible bonds                                            38      1,636,059            –
      Other financial liabilities                                                  –        3,501

                                                                           2,763,971     1,071,522

      Net current (liabilities) assets                                      (860,097)    1,471,610

      Total assets less current liabilities                               12,468,066    11,753,868



114   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                           Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                        At 31 December 2022




                                                          NOTES               2022                  2021
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                           35              375,986               370,894
Deferred tax liabilities                                    36            1,186,363             1,011,341
Bank borrowing                                              37            2,070,678               126,000
Loan payables                                               34               99,911                     –
Convertible bonds                                           38                    –             1,492,932


                                                                          3,732,938             3,001,167


Net assets                                                                8,735,128             8,752,701


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                               39                  166                   165
Reserves                                                                  8,639,577             8,545,135


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              8,639,743             8,545,300
Non-controlling interests                                                    95,385               207,401


Total equity                                                              8,735,128             8,752,701


The consolidated financial statements on pages 112 to 261 were approved and authorised for issue by the
board of directors on 30 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                     Zhong Yong                                         Dong Yang
                      DIRECTOR                                          DIRECTOR




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   115
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                     Shares                                            Equity-
                                                                                    held for                                           settled       Equity
                                                                                  restricted                                            share- instrument
                                                                                      share                                             based     at FVTOCI                                    Non-
                                                            Share       Share         award      Capital Translation    Statutory    payment revaluation       Retained                  controlling
                                                           capital   premium        scheme      reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve       reserve      profits    Sub-total      interests       Total
                                                          RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                  (Note 41b)    (Note a)                 (Note b)


      At January 1, 2021                                      160    6,799,981            (2)    (83,175)   (301,955)      11,142      92,647             –     764,222     7,283,020       179,466    7,462,486


      Profit for the year                                       –            –             –           –           –            –            –            –     339,901      339,901         13,796     353,697
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                  –            –             –           –    (152,410)           –            –       (3,891)           –    (156,301)          (474)   (156,775)


      Total comprehensive (expense) income
         for the year                                           –            –             –           –    (152,410)           –            –       (3,891)    339,901      183,600         13,322     196,922


      Share cancelled (Note 39)                                  *           *             –           –           –            –            –            –            –            –             –            –
      Issue of shares (Note 39)                                 5    1,055,605             –           –           –            –            –            –            –    1,055,610             –    1,055,610
      Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares         –      (12,319)            –           –           –            –            –            –            –      (12,319)            –      (12,319)
      Share repurchased (Note 39)                               –      (40,953)            –           –           –            –            –            –            –      (40,953)            –      (40,953)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
         payment (Note 41)                                      –            –             –           –           –            –      76,342             –            –      76,342              –      76,342
      Vesting of restricted shares (Note 41)                    –      88,601              –           –           –            –      (88,601)           –            –            –             –            –
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note 40)                    –            –             –           –           –            –            –            –            –            –        31,216      31,216
      Dividends to non-controlling Interests (Note c)           –            –             –           –           –            –            –            –            –            –       (16,603)     (16,603)
      Transfer to reserve (Note b)                              –            –             –           –           –        2,853            –            –       (2,853)           –             –            –


      At December 31, 2021                                    165    7,890,915            (2)    (83,175)   (454,365)      13,995      80,388        (3,891)   1,101,270    8,545,300       207,401    8,752,701




116   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                         Annual Report 2022
                                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                              Shares                                            Equity-
                                                                             held for                                           settled       Equity
                                                                           restricted                                            share- instrument
                                                                               share                                             based     at FVTOCI                                   Non-
                                                      Share       Share        award      Capital Translation    Statutory    payment revaluation       Retained                 controlling
                                                     capital   premium       scheme      reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve       reserve      profits    Sub-total     interests       Total
                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                           (Note 41b)    (Note a)                 (Note b)


At January 1, 2022                                      165    7,890,915           (2)    (83,175)   (454,365)      13,995      80,388        (3,891)   1,101,270    8,545,300      207,401    8,752,701


Profit for the year                                       –           –            –            –           –            –            –            –     121,124      121,124        (3,175)    117,949
Other comprehensive income for the year                   –           –            –            –    324,895             –            –        1,930            –     326,825         2,824     329,649


Total comprehensive income (expense)
    for the year                                          –           –            –            –    324,895             –            –        1,930     121,124      447,949          (351)    447,598


Share cancelled (Note 39)                                  *           *           –            –           –            –            –            –            –           –             –            –
Issue of shares (Note 39)                                 1      83,771            –            –           –            –            –            –            –      83,772             –      83,772
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares         –        (809)           –            –           –            –            –            –            –        (809)            –         (809)
Dividends recognised as distribution (Note 13)            –    (150,000)           –            –           –            –            –            –            –    (150,000)            –    (150,000)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
    payment (Note 41)                                     –           –            –            –           –            –      33,024             –            –      33,024             –      33,024
Vesting of restricted shares (Note 41)                    –      54,234            2            –           –            –      (54,236)           –            –           –             –            –
Acquisitions of a subsidiary (Note 40)                    –           –            –            –           –            –            –            –            –           –        19,455      19,455
Capital injection from non-controlling interest
    of a subsidiary                                       –           –            –            –           –            –            –            –            –           –         1,470       1,470
Acquisition of non-controlling interests (Note a)         –           –            –     (319,493)          –            –            –            –            –    (319,493)     (101,647)   (421,140)
Dividends to non-controlling Interests (Note c)           –           –            –            –           –            –            –            –            –           –       (30,943)     (30,943)
Disposal of an equity instrument at FVTOCI
    (Note 24)                                             –           –            –            –           –            –            –        1,961       (1,961)          –             –            –
Transfer to reserve (Note b)                              –           –            –            –           –     101,348             –            –    (101,348)           –             –            –


At December 31, 2022                                    166    7,878,111            *    (402,668)   (129,470)    115,343       59,176             –    1,119,085    8,639,743       95,385    8,735,128


*          The amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022                   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited                    117
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2022



      Notes:

      (a)   The capital reserve is mainly comprised of: (i) the deemed distribution to shareholders on the fair value adjustment
            at initial recognition of the non-interest bearing advances to entities controlled by 成都錦欣醫療投資管理集團有限公
            司 (Chengdu Jinxin Medical Investment Management Group Co., Ltd., “Chengdu Jinxin Investment”), the controlling
            shareholder of 四川錦欣生殖醫療投資管理有限公司 (Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co. Ltd., “Sichuan
            Jinxin Fertility”) before the group reorganisation (“Group Reorganisation”); (ii) the deemed gain to the owners of the
            Company as a result of the deemed disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries upon contributions from the non-
            controlling shareholders; (iii) the deemed contribution or distribution to the shareholders of the Company as a result of
            the Group Reorganisation prior to Company’s listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing”) on
            25 June, 2019; and (iv) RMB319,493,000 debit reserve arising from the further acquisition of 15% equity interests in
            Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital (“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”) of RMB86,873,000 at cash consideration
            of RMB288,683,000 on 12 April 2022 and 5.46% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital of RMB14,774,000
            at cash consideration of RMB132,457,000 on 25 August 2022, by virtue of contractual arrangement of Chengdu Jinrun
            Fude Medical Management Company Limited (“Jinrun Fude”), a subsidiary of the Group. Upon completion, the Company
            indirectly holds 70% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and controls 29.9% equity interests in Shenzhen
            Zhongshan Hospital by virtue of contractual arrangements.

      (b)   Amount represented statutory reserve of the entities in the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”). According to the
            relevant laws in the PRC, companies established in the PRC with limited liability are required to transfer at least 10% of
            their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund
            until the reserve balance reaches 50% of their registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
            distribution of a dividend to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is
            non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

      (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Chengdu Jinxin Chankang Health
            Management Consulting Co., Ltd and Jinxin Women Wellness Limited declared dividends amounted to RMB20,439,000,
            RMB284,000 and RMB10,220,000 (2021: RMB16,603,000, nil, nil) to the non-controlling shareholders, respectively.




118   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                NOTES              2022                   2021
                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


Operating activities
Profit before taxation                                                           154,324                 457,927
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  150,422                  98,585
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             70,545                  46,927
  Amortisation of licenses                                                        39,034                  23,662
  Amortisation of non-compete agreement                                            1,393                     448
  Exchange gain, net                                                              (9,422)                (13,122)
  Interest income from banks                                                     (16,814)                 (7,838)
  Interest income from time deposits                                              (9,182)                (22,405)
  Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                      (2,153)                 (1,886)
  Imputed interest income from related parties                                      (196)                 (2,319)
  Covid-19 related rent concessions                                                 (546)                 (2,008)
  Interest expenses                                                               71,853                  21,146
  Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and
     equipment                                                                       34,543                      2
  Share of post-acquisition loss reversed upon
     disposal of an associate                                    23b                 (4,348)                   –
  Share-based payment expense                                                        33,024               76,342
  Gain on fair value change of other financial assets at
     FVTPL                                                                           (6,205)               (6,856)
  Loss (gain) on fair value changes of financial assets at
     FVTPL                                                                            5,526              (30,026)
  Loss (gain) on fair value changes of investments in
     preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                              76,733                (3,979)
  Gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in
     preferred shares measured at FVTPL                          23a             (36,310)                        –
  Gain on early termination of leases                                               (203)                        –
  Gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at
     FVTPL                                                                           (3,501)               (8,362)
  Net loss on a life insurance policy                                                    59                     –
  Share of results of associates                                                      4,414                 6,823
  Share of result of a joint venture                                                    (44)                3,290

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                         552,946                 636,351
Increase in inventories                                                           (7,236)                 (4,715)
Increase in accounts and other receivables                                       (45,158)                (61,199)
Decrease (increase) in amounts due from other related
  parties                                                                            77,676             (130,356)
Increase (decrease) in accounts and other payables                                   75,829              (45,567)
Increase (decrease) in amounts due to other related parties                           9,883               (3,964)

Cash generated from operations                                                   663,940                 390,550
Income tax paid                                                                 (122,200)                (47,098)

Net cash from operating activities                                               541,740                 343,452


                                                                Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   119
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                  NOTE       2022          2021
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


      Investing activities
      Interest received from banks                                          16,814          7,838
      Interest received from time deposits                                  11,443         24,534
      Interest received from pledged bank deposits                           2,153          1,886
      Capital injection of investment in a joint venture                   (25,000)        (3,500)
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                           (959,393)       (71,773)
      Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and
        equipment                                                                 –        (8,060)
      Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                       –      (130,762)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                   108,838             –
      Proceeds from disposal of equity instrument at FVTOCI                   7,289             –
      Purchase of a life insurance policy                                   (21,681)            –
      Purchase of other financial assets at FVTPL                        (1,152,660)   (1,191,230)
      Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets at FVTPL           1,325,336     1,042,349
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                   350         2,191
      Net cash outflow on acquisitions of subsidiaries             40      (874,278)   (1,227,160)
      Repayment from related parties                                         29,898       260,008
      Advances to related parties                                           (25,396)     (437,058)
      Settlement of consideration payables on acquisition of a
        subsidiary in prior year                                                  –       (32,250)
      Placement of time deposits                                         (7,749,186)   (6,715,625)
      Withdrawal of time deposits                                         7,778,902     7,091,932
      Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                   180,000             –
      Repayment from associates                                                 201             –
      Advances to associates                                                (31,467)     (107,375)
      Deposit paid for equity investments                                         –       (72,127)


      Net cash used in investing activities                              (1,377,837)   (1,566,182)




120   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


Financing activities
New bank borrowings raised                                                  1,900,186                 17,460
Repayment of bank borrowing                                                  (353,957)               (16,254)
Interest paid                                                                 (63,880)                (5,599)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                  83,772              1,055,610
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                                (809)               (12,319)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                                     –                (40,953)
Advances from other related parties                                             4,177                 41,437
Repayments to other related parties                                          (342,881)               (18,103)
Dividends paid                                                               (158,676)                     –
Repayments of loan payables                                                  (191,917)                     –
Interest paid on loan payables                                                 (2,175)                     –
Repayments of lease liabilities                                               (37,824)               (34,444)
Interest paid for lease liabilities                                           (21,880)               (15,178)
Capital injection from a non-controlling shareholder                              980                      –
Net cash outflow for purchase of non-controlling interests                   (334,535)                     –
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                   (20,439)               (16,603)


Net cash from financing activities                                            460,142                 955,054


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                    (375,955)              (267,676)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                          1,689,284              1,964,516
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        16,619                 (7,556)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                1,329,948              1,689,284


Bank balances and cash                                                      1,316,549                 862,325
Add: time deposits with original maturity of
 less than three months                                                           13,399              826,959


                                                                            1,329,948              1,689,284




                                                             Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1. GENERAL INFORMATION
           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to
           as the “Group”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands
           with limited liability under Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of
           1961) as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time on 3 May 2018 and the
           shares of the Company have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
           Exchange”) since 25 June 2019. The addresses of the registered office of the Company and the
           principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the section “Corporate Information” in
           the annual report.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The major subsidiaries of the Company are
           principally engaged in the provision of (i) assisted reproductive services; (ii) management services;
           (iii) ambulatory surgery centre facilities services; (iv) ancillary medical services; (v) obstetrics,
           gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and (vi) sales of medicines, consumables and
           equipment.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is different from
           the Company’s functional currency of United States dollars (“US$”). The consolidated financial
           statements are presented in RMB as it best suits the needs of the shareholders and investors.

      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
           Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the
           International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
           for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated
           financial statements:

           Amendments to IFRS 3                             Reference to the Conceptual Framework
           Amendments to IAS 16                             Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                              Intended Use
           Amendments to IAS 37                             Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
           Amendments to IFRSs                              Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020

           Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
           no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years
           and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




122   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
  Impacts on application of Amendment to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual
  Framework
  The Group has applied the amendments to business combinations for which the acquisition date was
  on or after 1 January 2022. The amendments update a reference in IFRS 3 Business Combinations so
  that it refers to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by IASB in March 2018 (the
  “Conceptual Framework”) instead of the International Accounting Standards Committee’s Framework
  for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework
  for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010), add a requirement that, for transactions and
  events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21
  Levies, an acquirer applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the
  liabilities it has assumed in a business combination and add an explicit statement that an acquirer
  does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

  The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s
  consolidated financial statements.

  New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued
  but are not yet effective:

  IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and                  Insurance Contracts1
    December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
  Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                          its Associate or Joint Venture2
  Amendments to IFRS 16                                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
  Amendments to IAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
  Amendments to IAS 1                                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice                 Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
   Statement 2
  Amendments to IAS 8                                   Definition of Accounting Estimates1
  Amendments to IAS 12                                  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                          from a Single Transaction1

  1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

  2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

  3    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.


  Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the company (the “Directors”)
  anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact
  on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                    Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
           New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
           Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
           Amendments”) and Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022
           Amendments”)
           The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to
           defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current
           or non-current, which:

           •     clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its
                 settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its
                 classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an
                 equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.

           •     specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights
                 that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that
                 the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the
                 liability within 12 months.

           In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables
           users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within
           twelve months after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements
           as non-current when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity
           complying with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period.

           The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual
           reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the
           2020 Amendments, are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024,
           with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after
           the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

           Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2022, the application of the
           amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.




124   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)
  New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies
  IAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material
  accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together
  with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to
  influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis
  of those financial statements.

  The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the
  nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial.
  However, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or
  conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information,
  such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

  IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
  to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
  and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
  Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

  The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position
  or performance of the Group but may affect the disclosures of the Group’s significant accounting
  policies.

  Amendments to IAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
  The amendments define accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are
  subject to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements
  to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty — that is, the accounting policy
  may require such items to be measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly and
  must instead be estimated. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve
  the objective set out by the accounting policy. Developing accounting estimates involves the use of
  judgements or assumptions based on the latest available, reliable information.

  In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in IAS 8 is retained with additional
  clarifications.

  The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the Group’s
  consolidated financial statements.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by
                 the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
                 considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by
                 primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
                 required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                 Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                 In preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company have
                 carefully considered the future liquidity of the Group in light of the fact that the Group’s current
                 liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB860,097,000 and the Group’s current liabilities
                 primarily comprise of convertible bonds which are due on 31 March 2023 of RMB1,636,059,000
                 as at 31 December 2022.

                 The directors of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and
                 performance of the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group
                 will have sufficient financial sources to continue as a going concern for a period of not less than
                 twelve months from 31 December 2022.

                 In January 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing shares have been placed by the
                 Company to independent third parties at the placing price of Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) 6.725
                 per placing share pursuant to the term and conditions of the placing agreement dated 5
                 January 2023 and the Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,162,310,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB999,098,000). Details of the placing are set out in the
                 Company’s announcement dated 5 January 2023 and 16 January 2023.

                 Together with the consideration that the Group has undrawn facility form the bank facility
                 agreements amounting to RMB589,612,000 as at 31 December 2022, the directors of the
                 Company reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections which cover a period of not less than
                 twelve months from 31 December 2022, and have a reasonable expectation that the Group will
                 have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations that will be due in the coming twelve
                 months from 31 December 2022. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been
                 prepared on a going concern basis.

                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                 certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                 as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
                 goods and services.




126   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
       an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
       whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
       estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics
       of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account
       when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/
       or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
       basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-
       based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases,
       and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
       realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

       For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
       unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
       technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals
       the transaction price.

       In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level
       1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable
       and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are
       described as follows:

       •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
            liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

       •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
            observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

       •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies
                 The principal accounting policies are set out below.

                 Basis of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                 entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
                 achieved when the Company:

                 •     has power over the investee;

                 •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                 •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
                 ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a
                 subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the
                 date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss on each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                 Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                 attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                 the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                 accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                 transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity
                 therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate
                 share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                 Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries
                 Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control
                 over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the
                 Group’s relevant components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect
                 the changes in their relative interest in subsidiaries.




128   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Basis of consolidation (Continued)
       Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries (Continued)
       Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the
       fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to
       owners of the Company.

       When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and
       non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss
       and is calculated as the difference between:

       (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any
              retained interest; and

       (ii)   the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary
              attributable to the owners of the Company.

       All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary
       are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of
       the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as
       specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former
       subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
       subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the
       cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

       Business combinations or asset acquisitions
       Optional concentration test
       The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction
       basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets
       is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
       assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
       assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax
       assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration
       test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further
       assessment is needed.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
                 Asset acquisitions
                 When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business,
                 the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
                 assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the
                 respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other
                 identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase.
                 Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

                 Business combinations
                 A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a
                 substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The
                 acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue
                 producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
                 experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to
                 continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without
                 significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

                 Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control, are
                 accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business
                 combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date
                 fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former
                 owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
                 the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                 For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the
                 identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
                 liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting
                 Standards Board in March 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and
                 events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21
                 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business
                 combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.




130   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
       Business combinations (Continued)
       At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are
       recognised at their fair value, except that:

       •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
            arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and
            IAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

       •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the
            acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace
            share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS
            2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

       •    assets that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets
            Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
            and

       •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining
            lease payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the
            acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of
            the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are
            recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
            reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of
       any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held
       equity interests in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired
       and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of
       the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration
       transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the
       acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately
       in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

       Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
       proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
       measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
       acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on
       a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their
       fair value.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
                 Business combinations (Continued)
                 When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a
                 contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
                 acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business
                 combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as
                 measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments
                 are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period”
                 (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that
                 existed at the acquisition date.

                 The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement
                 period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent
                 consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its
                 subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified
                 as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the
                 corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

                 When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interests
                 in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group
                 obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other
                 comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to
                 the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and
                 measure under IFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the
                 Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interests.

                 Goodwill
                 Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date
                 of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment
                 losses, if any.

                 For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
                 generating units (“CGUs”) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of
                 the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                 management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

                 A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
                 annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
                 arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill
                 has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
                 recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to
                 reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
                 based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).


132   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Goodwill (Continued)
       On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the attributable
       amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.
       When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs),
       the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the
       operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.

       The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
       described below.

       Investments in associates and a joint venture
       An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is
       the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not
       control or joint control over those policies.

       A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
       arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the
       contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
       about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

       The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in
       these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when
       financial interests in these associates that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment for
       applying the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. The financial
       statements of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared
       using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
       similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture
       is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted
       thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
       of the associate or joint venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint
       venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-
       term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint
       venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are
       recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or
       made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

       An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from
       the date on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the
       investment in an associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over
       the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
       is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any
       excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over
       the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
       period in which the investment is acquired.


                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Investments in associates and a joint venture (Continued)
                 The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
                 joint venture accounted for using equity method may be impaired. When any objective evidence
                 exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment
                 in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
                 value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
                 loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying
                 amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
                 IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

                 When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over
                 a joint venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a
                 resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest
                 in the former associate or joint venture and the retained interest is a financial asset within the
                 scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair
                 value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying
                 amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained interest and any
                 proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture is included in
                 the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the
                 Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation
                 to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or
                 joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss
                 previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would
                 be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group
                 reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon
                 disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.

                 When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and
                 losses resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the
                 consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture
                 that are not related to the Group.

                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                 The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
                 “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred
                 to the customer.

                 A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
                 distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




134   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
       Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the
       progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
       following criteria is met:

       •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
            performance as the Group performs;

       •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
            Group performs; or

       •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
            the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

       Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
       distinct good or service.

       A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
       for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
       customer.

       The Group recognises revenue from the following major services:

       •    Assisted reproductive services;

       •    Management services;

       •    Ambulatory surgery centre facilities services;

       •    Ancillary medical services;

       •    Obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services; and

       •    Sales of medicines, consumables and equipment.

       Assisted reproductive services
       For assisted reproductive services, the customers normally receive the services which
       contains various treatment components. It includes (i) consultation, (ii) revenue from sale of
       pharmaceutical products, and (iii) in vitro fertilisation (“IVF”) treatment cycle revenue, which are
       considered as separate performance obligation for out-patient services as described below.




                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Assisted reproductive services (Continued)
                 Consultation includes initial consultation, pre-IVF cycle testing, services after pregnancy and
                 other related services — these out-patient assisted reproductive medical services, are been
                 transferred at a point of time. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of
                 the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the
                 consideration is probable.

                 Sale of pharmaceutical products — revenue is recognised when control of the products has
                 been transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customer and there is no
                 unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products.

                 IVF treatment cycle revenue — the usual period of an IVF treatment cycle typically lasts for
                 12–20 days. Relevant revenue of an IVF treatment cycle involves the performance of a series of
                 medical treatment and procedures that are not separately distinct and does not create benefits
                 to the patient with an alternative use after the IVF treatment cycle starts, and is recognised
                 over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of
                 that performance obligation. The progress towards the complete satisfaction of performance
                 obligation is measured by direct measurements of the value of individual services or product
                 transferred by the Group to the customer. Once the patient enters into a cycle, the Group has an
                 enforceable right to payment for the contracted price.

                 Management services
                 For IVF and fertility centers management services which the control of the service is transferred
                 when the Group has provided the related services over the service period, the customer
                 simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                 Group performs.

                 Revenue from provision of IVF and fertility centers management services is recognised over the
                 period in which the services are rendered.

                 The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation in respect of the IVF
                 and fertility centers management services contracts is measured based on output method, which
                 is to recognise revenue based on time elapsed.




136   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
       Management services (Continued)
       Variable consideration
       For the management services arrangements that contain variable consideration, service fee
       is calculated based on pre-set formulas set out in the arrangements and subject to limitations
       primarily relating to the customer’s net income before tax, the Group estimates the amount of
       consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method.

       The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
       extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue
       reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is
       subsequently resolved.

       At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price to
       represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes
       in circumstances during the reporting period.

       Ambulatory surgery centre facilities services
       Revenue from the ambulatory surgery centre facilities services is recognised at a point in time
       when the related services have been rendered. Revenue is recognised when the customer
       obtains the control of the completed services and the Group has present right to payment and
       the collection of the consideration is probable.

       Ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services
       Revenue from ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical
       services is recognised when the related services have been rendered and includes out-patient
       service and in-patient services.

       Out-patient services
       For out-patient services, the patient normally receives out-patient treatment which contains
       various treatment components. Out-patient services contain more than one performance
       obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale of pharmaceutical
       products. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a
       relative stand-alone selling price basis. Both (i) provision of consultation services and (ii) sale
       of pharmaceutical products for which the control of services or pharmaceutical products is
       transferred at a point in time, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control of the
       completed services or pharmaceutical products and the Group has present right to payment and
       the collection of the consideration is probable.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 Ancillary medical services and obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services
                       (Continued)

                 In-patient services
                 For in-patient services, the customers normally receive in-patient treatment which contains
                 various treatment components. In-patient services contain more than one performance
                 obligations, including (i) provision of consultation services, (ii) provision of in-patient healthcare
                 services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products. The Group allocates the transaction price to
                 each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

                 For revenue from (i) provision of consultation services and (iii) sale of pharmaceutical products
                 for which control of pharmaceutical products is transferred at a point in time, revenue is
                 recognised when the customer obtains the control of the completed services or pharmaceutical
                 products and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is
                 probable.

                 For revenue from (ii) in-patient healthcare services, the corresponding revenue is recognised
                 over the service period when customers simultaneously received the services and consumes
                 the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs. The progress towards
                 complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method,
                 which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services
                 transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining healthcare services promised under
                 the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of services.

                 Sales of medicines, consumables and equipment
                 Revenue from sales of medicines, consumables and equipment is recognised at a point in time
                 when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to
                 the customer’s specific location.

                 Leases
                 Definition of a lease
                 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
                 identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

                 For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 or
                 arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a
                 lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date,
                 as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
                 contract are subsequently changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics
                 are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the
                 consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the
                 portfolio.


138   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Leases (Continued)
       The Group as a lessee
       Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
       For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
       components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component
       on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-
       alone price of the non-lease components.

       The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
       component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease
       components as a single lease component.

       Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
       The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term
       of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also
       applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term
       leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over
       the lease term.

       Right-of-use assets
       The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

       •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

       •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
            received;

       •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

       •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the
            underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset
            to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

       Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
       losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease
       liabilities resulting from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the
       practical expedient.

       Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
       useful life and the lease term.

       The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
       financial position.

                                                            Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                 Refundable rental deposits
                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                 Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
                 included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                 Lease liabilities
                 At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at
                 the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value
                 of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
                 date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                 The lease payments include:

                 •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                       receivable; and

                 •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the
                       index or rate as at the commencement date.

                 After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                 payments.

                 The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
                 right-of-use assets) whenever:

                 •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a
                       purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                       revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

                 •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent
                       review in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
                       lease payments using the initial discount rate.

                 The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.




140   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Leases (Continued)
       The Group as a lessee (Continued)
       Lease modifications
       Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical
       expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

       •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
            underlying assets; and

       •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-
            alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone
            price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

       For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures
       the lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified
       lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective
       date of the modification.

       The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding
       adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains one or more
       additional lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
       each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component. The
       associated non-lease components are included in the respective lease components.

       Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
       benchmark reform
       For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
       benchmark reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities
       by discounting the revised lease payments using the unchanged discount rate and makes a
       corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by
       interest rate benchmark reform if, and only if, both of these conditions are met:

       •    the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform;
            and

       •    the new basis for determining the lease payment is economically equivalent to the previous
            basis (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the modification).




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                 Covid-19-related rent concessions
                 In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic,
                 the Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a
                 lease modification if all of the following conditions are met:

                 •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is
                       substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately
                       preceding the change;

                 •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June
                       2022; and

                 •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

                 A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting
                 from rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the
                 changes are not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted
                 for as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts
                 forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period
                 in which the event occurs.

                 Property, plant and equipment
                 Property, plant and equipment that are held for use in the provision of services, or for
                 administrative purposes are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
                 subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                 Properties in the course of construction for provision of services or administrative purposes
                 are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly
                 attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable
                 of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
                 related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in
                 accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis
                 as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

                 Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in
                 progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
                 method. The estimated useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed at
                 the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
                 prospective basis.




142   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
       An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
       economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
       arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
       as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
       recognised in profit or loss.

       Intangible assets
       Intangible assets acquired separately
       Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
       accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible
       assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated
       useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
       each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
       prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are
       carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

       Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
       Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
       incurred.

       Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
       Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (including licenses, trademarks,
       contractual right to provide management services and non-compete agreement) are recognised
       separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date
       (which is regarded as their cost).

       Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with
       finite useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
       impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
       Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
       cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

       An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are
       expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
       asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount
       of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
                 other than goodwill
                 At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                 and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine
                 whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
                 indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine
                 the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested
                 for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                 The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                 assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
                 individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

                 In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a
                 reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
                 to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
                 established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group of CGUs to which
                 the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or
                 group of CGUs.

                 Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                 assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                 using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
                 and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have
                 not been adjusted.

                 If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                 amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For
                 corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
                 and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs,
                 including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated
                 to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the
                 impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
                 goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
                 amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not
                 reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use
                 (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
                 allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs.
                 An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




144   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
       other than goodwill (Continued)
       Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU
       or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
       the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
       determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of
       CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

       Foreign currencies
       In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
       other than the functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
       prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
       denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
       monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
       retranslated.

       Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
       monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

       For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
       of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB)
       using exchange rate prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses
       items are translated at the average exchange rates for the year unless exchange rates fluctuate
       significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions
       are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income
       and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling
       interests as appropriate).

       Exchange differences relating to the retranslation of the Group’s net assets in US$ to the Group’s
       presentation currency (i.e. RMB) are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and
       accumulated in translation reserve. Such exchange differences accumulated in the translation
       reserve are not reclassified to profit or loss subsequently.

       Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of
       a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated
       at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences
       arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Bank balances and cash
                 Bank balances and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include
                 cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                 subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                 cash.

                 For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist
                 of bank balances and cash as defined above and time deposits with originally maturity of three
                 months or less.

                 Inventories
                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are determined on a
                 weighted average cost method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
                 inventories less all costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
                 incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group
                 must incur to make the sale.

                 Financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
                 to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
                 assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
                 are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.

                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts
                 receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
                 with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly
                 attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
                 financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are added to or deducted from the fair value
                 of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
                 costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
                 recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                 financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
                 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
                 payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest
                 rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
                 financial asset or financial liability or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying
                 amount on initial recognition.




146   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Financial instruments (Continued)
       Financial assets
       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
       cost:

       •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
             cash flows; and

       •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
             principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

       •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
             selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and

       •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
             principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

       All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition
       of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value
       of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held
       for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to
       which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

       In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial assets that are required to
       be measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
       significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

       (i)   Amortised cost and interest income
             Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
             measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the
             effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
             assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets
             that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
             the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
             period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
             financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
             effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning
             of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
             impaired.



                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                        Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                        gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                        income and accumulated in the equity instrument at FVTOCI revaluation reserve; and are
                        not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified
                        to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained
                        profits.

                        Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                        when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                        represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the
                        “other income” line item in profit or loss.

                 (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL
                        Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                        FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                        with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                        recognised in profit or loss is included in the “other gains and losses, net” line item.

                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
                 The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on
                 financial assets (including bank balances, pledged bank deposits, time deposits, refundable
                 deposits, accounts and other receivables, loan receivables, amounts due from associates, and
                 amounts due from other related parties) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS
                 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since
                 initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the
                 expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the
                 portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within
                 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical
                 credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
                 conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
                 forecast of future conditions.

                 The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables. The ECL on these assets
                 are assessed individually.


148   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Financial instruments (Continued)
       Financial assets (Continued)
       Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
       For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
       has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
       recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
       on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

       (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
             the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
             reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
             of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
             qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
             and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
             risk has increased significantly:

             •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                  available) or internal credit rating;

             •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                  increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

             •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                  that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                  debt obligations;

             •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; or

             •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                  debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

             Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
             risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
             more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
             that demonstrates otherwise.

             The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
             has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
             the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
             becomes past due.



                                                             Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (ii)   Definition of default
                        For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                        information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                        is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                        collaterals held by the Group).

                        Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                        asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                        information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                 (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                        A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                        on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                        financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                        (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                        (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                        (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                              borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                              lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                        (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                              reorganisation.

                 (iv) Write-off policy
                        The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                        counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                        for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                        bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                        activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                        appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any recoveries made are
                        recognised in profit or loss.




150   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Financial instruments (Continued)
       Financial assets (Continued)
       Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)
       (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL
             The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
             the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
             of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-
             looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
             amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

             Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
             the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
             receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

             Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
             unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
             based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

             The Group recognises an impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
             adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts receivables where the
             corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

       Derecognition of financial assets
       The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
       from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
       rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

       On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
       asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised
       in profit or loss.

       On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
       recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in
       the equity instrument at FVTOCI revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
       transferred to retained profits.

       Financial liabilities and equity
       Classification as debt or equity
       Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
       accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial
       liability and an equity instrument.



                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
                 Equity instruments
                 An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                 after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
                 the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                 Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
                 equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation
                 of the Company’s own equity instruments.

                 Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                 Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent
                 consideration of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for
                 trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

                 A financial liability is held for trading if:

                 •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

                 •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                       manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                 •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a
                       designated and effective hedging instrument.

                 A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
                 acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

                 •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition
                       inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or

                 •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                       which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
                       with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information
                       about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

                 •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9
                       permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.




152   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Financial instruments (Continued)
       Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Continued)
       For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of changes in the fair value of
       the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised
       in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s
       credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in
       profit or loss.

       Financial liabilities at amortised cost
       Financial liabilities including accounts and other payables, loan payables, amounts due to
       related parties and bank borrowing are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
       effective interest method.

       Convertible bonds
       A conversion option that will be settle other than by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or
       another financial asset for a fixed number of the Group’s own equity instruments is a conversion
       option derivative.

       At the date of issue, both the debt component and derivative component are recognised at
       fair value. In subsequent periods, the debt component of the convertible bonds is carried at
       amortised cost using the effective interest method. The derivative component is measured at fair
       value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

       Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible bonds are allocated to the debt and
       derivative components in proportion to their relative fair values. Transaction costs relating to the
       derivative component are charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the
       debt component are included in the carrying amount of the debt portion and amortised over the
       period of the convertible bonds using the effective interest method.

       The Group classified the convertible bonds as current or non-current liabilities according to
       the terms of the convertible bonds, without considering the possibility of earlier settlement by
       conversion to equity.

       Derecognition of financial liabilities
       The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
       discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the
       financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or
       loss.




                                                               Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Borrowing costs
                 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
                 assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
                 intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
                 substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

                 All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

                 Government grants
                 Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
                 comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                 Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
                 which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
                 compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should
                 purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income
                 included in accounts and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                 transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
                 assets.

                 Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or
                 losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group
                 with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become
                 receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

                 Employee benefits
                 Retirement benefit costs
                 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including government-managed
                 retirement benefit schemes, are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
                 service entitling them to the contributions.

                 Short-term employee benefits
                 Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
                 expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee
                 benefits are recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of
                 the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and
                 annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




154   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Share-based payments
       Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
       Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Award Scheme (“RSU Scheme”) to employees
       Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
       measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

       The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
       taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
       over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
       vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based payment reserve).
       At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
       instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
       The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such
       that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
       the equity-settled share-based payment reserve.

       When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-
       based payment reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium. When the share
       options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the
       amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-based payment reserve will be transferred
       to retained profits.

       When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in equity-settled share-
       based payments reserve will be transferred to share premium.

       Taxation
       Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

       The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
       before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
       items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
       tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

       Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
       and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
       the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
       temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
       differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
       those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
       are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in
       a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
       profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
       temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 Taxation (Continued)
                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
                 investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interest in a joint venture, except where the
                 Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
                 temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising
                 from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
                 recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
                 which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the
                 foreseeable future.

                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                 reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
                 to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                 period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws)
                 that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                 The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                 follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to
                 recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
                 recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
                 whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                 For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
                 Group applies IAS 12 requirements to as a whole. Temporary differences relating right-of-use
                 assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-
                 use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net
                 deductible temporary differences.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
                 current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to
                 the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

                 Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
                 are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current
                 and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
                 respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business
                 combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.




156   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)
       Provisions
       Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
       result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and
       a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

       The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to
       settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and
       uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows
       estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash
       flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).


       Contingent liabilities
       A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised
       because it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
       be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with
       sufficient reliability.

       Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
       expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in
       the consolidated financial statements.

       The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying
       economic benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future
       economic benefits will be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a
       provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which
       the change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable
       estimate can be made.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the Directors are
           required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
           liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions
           are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results
           may differ from these estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an-ongoing basis. Revisions to
           accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
           affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
           current and future periods.

           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
           Directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
           most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

           Contractual arrangements
           According to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative
           List) (2018) (“Negative List”), medical institutions fall within the “restricted” investment category, and
           therefore may not be held 100% by foreign investments, and foreign investments are restricted to the
           form of sino-foreign equity joint venture or cooperative joint venture. In view of the foreign ownership
           restriction, the provision of private specialised medical services is subject to foreign investment
           restriction in accordance with the Negative List.

           Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd (“Chengdu Xinan Hospital”), Shenzhen Zhongshan
           Hospital, Sichuan Jinxin Women and Children Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Jinxin Women and Children
           Hospital”), Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd (“Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital”), and Kunming Jinxin
           Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Kunming Hewanjia Hospital”) (collectively
           referred to as “VIE Entities”) were established under the laws of the PRC. The Group does not directly
           own 100% equity interests in the VIE Entities. Chengdu Xinan Hospital is currently held by Sichuan
           Jinxin Fertility as to 90% and Jinrun Fude as to 10%. Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is currently
           held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 70%, Jinrun Fude as to 29.90% and other shareholders for
           the remaining. Jinxin Women and Children Hospital is currently held by Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang
           Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinyi Hongkang”) as to 100%. Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and
           Kunming Hewanjia Hospital is currently held by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility as to 66.50% and Jinrun Fude
           as to 30% respectively and other shareholders for the remaining.




158   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
  Contractual arrangements (Continued)
  Through the shareholdings and the contractual arrangements as mentioned, the Group has acquired
  (i) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and has
  become entitled to all the economic benefits from its operations; (ii) effective control over the financial
  and operational policies of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital and has become entitled to 99.90% of the
  economic benefits from its operations; (iii) effective control over the financial and operational policies
  of Jinxin Women and Children Hospital and has become entitled to all the economic benefits from
  its operations; and (iv) effective control over the financial and operational policies of Yunnan Jiuzhou
  and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital and become entitled to 96.50% of the economic benefits from each
  operation. The Directors believe that the contractual arrangements are narrowly tailored as they are
  used to enable the Group to conduct businesses in industries that are subject to foreign investment
  restrictions in the PRC.

  Control over the IVF fertility centers and clinics under IVF specialty collaboration
  agreements and management services agreement (“MSA”)
  The Group entered into a series of IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA with certain
  IVF and fertility centers and clinics that were controlled by Chengdu Jinxin Investment, Huntington
  Reproductive Centre Medical Group (“HRC Medical”) and University of Southern California (“USC”),
  which the Group agrees to manage and operate the centers and clinics and receive performance-
  based fees in which the terms will automatically be renewed indefinitely unless terminated. The
  management assessed whether or not the Group has control over these centers and clinics through
  the IVF specialty collaboration agreements and MSA based on whether the Group has the practical
  ability to direct the relevant activities of the center and clinics unilaterally. In making their judgement,
  the Directors considered the composition of the internal governance bodies and controlling parties
  which oversee the operations of the centers and clinics. After assessment, the Directors concluded
  that the Group does not obtain the decision making power over these bodies and committees to
  direct the relevant activities of the centers. Accordingly, the Group does not control and thus does
  not consolidate those centers and clinics. Instead, these agreements are considered as management
  contracts to generate management service income. Details of the revenue generated from these
  management contracts are set out in Note 5.

  Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services
  The Group determines the useful life of the trademarks for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, the
  trademarks for HRC Medical held by HRC Fertility Management, LLC (“HRC Management”),
  the trademarks for Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively refer to as
  “Jinxin Women Group”), the trademarks for JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and
  its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Jinxin Medical Group”), and the trademarks for
  Guangzhou Yunzhicai Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yunzhicai”), Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital
  Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Kangzhi”), Guangzhou Hejia Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
  (“Guangzhou Hejia”) and their subsidiaries (collectively refer to as “Kunming Group”) to be indefinite
  considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
  when renewing the trademarks.




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Useful life of trademarks and contractual right to provide management services (Continued)
           The Directors are of the opinion that the Group will renew the trademarks continuously and has the
           ability to do so. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the Directors to have an indefinite
           useful life and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they
           will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. As
           at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the trademarks are RMB2,644,863,000 (31 December
           2021: RMB2,151,480,000), with details set out in Note 21.

           The Directors determine the useful life of the contractual right to provide management services to
           be indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the rights (including the
           extension of the service contracts upon their maturity automatically for one additional year on each
           anniversary date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of
           such contractual right to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for
           the Group indefinitely and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at
           31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the contractual right to provide management services is
           RMB1,963,321,000 (31 December 2021: RMB1,797,310,000), with details set out in Note 20.

           Useful life of a license
           The Group determines the useful life of the license for Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite
           considering the nature of the renewal process and additional economic sacrifices, if any, required
           when renewing the license.

           The Directors determine the useful life of the license for human assisted reproduction services in
           Jinrui Medical Center to be indefinite. The Directors determine the useful life of the license to be
           indefinite based on an analysis of the period of control over the use of the license (including the
           extension of the license upon its maturity automatically for one additional year on each anniversary
           date unless terminated). Based on this analysis, the Directors consider the useful life of such license
           to be indefinite because the right is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group indefinitely
           and will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. As at 31 December 2022, the
           carrying amount of the license is RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2021: RMB40,166,000), with details
           set out in Note 18.

           Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options
           The Group applies judgment to determine the lease term for lease contracts in which it is a lessee
           that include extension option, specifically, the leases relating to the clinics in the United States of
           America (“U.S.A.”).

           The assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise extension options impacts
           the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets
           recognised. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either a significant event or
           a significant change in circumstances that is within the control of lessee and that affects the
           assessment.




160   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
  Critical judgement in applying accounting policies (Continued)
  Determination on lease term of contracts with extension options (Continued)
  When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances
  including economic incentives/penalties for exercising or not exercising the options. Factors
  considered include:

  •    contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared with market rates (e.g.
       whether the amount of payments in the optional periods is below the market rates);

  •    the extent of leasehold improvements undertaken by Group; and

  •    costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of identifying another
       underlying asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

  The Directors consider the Group has significant economic incentive in those clinics and therefore is
  reasonably certain for the Group to exercise such options in order to operate the clinics until the end
  of the useful lives of the related property, plant and equipment.

  Key sources of estimation uncertainty
  The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
  uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
  adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

  Estimated impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life
  Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets comprising contractual right to provide
  management services, trademarks and license with indefinite useful life is impaired requires an
  estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill and intangible
  assets with indefinite useful life has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair
  value less costs of disposal. The Group’s management, with the support of an independent valuer,
  to establish the impairment assessment model and prepare a value-in-use calculation to estimate
  the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU (or group of CGUs), taking into account key
  assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. Where
  the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which
  results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. Furthermore,
  the estimated cash flow is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainties due to uncertainty on
  how the Covid-19 pandemic may evolve. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill is
  RMB3,484,725,000 (31 December 2021: RMB2,719,747,000) and that of intangible assets comprising
  (i) contractual right to provide management services is RMB1,963,321,000 (31 December 2021:
  RMB1,797,310,000), (ii) trademarks of RMB2,644,863,000 (31 December 2021: RMB2,151,480,000)
  and (iii) license of RMB40,166,000 (31 December 2021: RMB40,166,000). Details are set out in Note
  22.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Useful lives, depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment, licenses and
           non-compete agreement
           The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges
           for its property, plant and equipment, licenses and non-compete agreement. This estimate is based
           on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
           nature and functions and management’s expectation on the useful lives of the licenses and non-
           compete agreement based on industry practice and regulatory landscapes. Management will
           increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than
           previously estimated. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review
           could result in a change in depreciable/amortisation lives and therefore depreciation/amortisation
           expense in future periods.

           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB2,529,756,000
           (31 December 2021: RMB1,092,059,000), net of accumulated depreciation of RMB421,055,000 (31
           December 2021: RMB269,051,000). Details are set out in Note 15.

           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of licenses with finite lives was RMB1,536,010,000
           (31 December 2021: RMB1,198,020,000), net of accumulated amortisation of RMB118,811,000 (31
           December 2021: RMB79,777,000). Details are set out in Note 18.

           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of non-compete agreement with finite lives was
           RMB20,312,000 (31 December 2021: RMB19,828,000), net of accumulated amortisation of
           RMB1,841,000 (31 December 2021: RMB448,000). Details are set out in Note 19.

           Fair value measurement of investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL and financial
           assets at FVTPL
           Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the fair value measurement of investments
           in preferred shares measured at FVTPL and financial assets at FVTPL. These significant
           judgements and estimates include the adoption of appropriate valuation method and the use of
           key assumptions in the valuation. The Group recognised investments in preferred shares measured
           at FVTPL of RMB105,743,000 (2021: RMB169,930,000) and financial assets at FVTPL is nil (2021:
           RMB177,747,000). Details of which are set out in Note 23(a), Note 25 and Note 46 to the financial
           statements.




162   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
  Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for assisted reproductive services,
  management services, ambulatory surgery centre facilities services, ancillary medical services,
  obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical service, and sales of medicines, consumables and
  equipment, net of discounts.

  During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s revenue is mainly contributed from
  its operations in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Kunming, the U.S.A. and Hong Kong special
  administrative region (“Hong Kong”) (2021: Chengdu, Shenzhen, Wuhan, the U.S.A. and Hong Kong).
  The Group acquired a new operation in Kunming during the year ended 31 December 2022 as a
  result from acquisition of Kunming Group as disclosed in Note 40(a).

  Information reported to the chief executive officer, being the chief operating decision makers
  (“CODM”), for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
  focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided. The information reported to CODM is
  categorised into various jurisdictions, each of which is considered as a separate operating segment
  by the CODM.

  The Group’s operating and reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are operations
  located in the Mainland China and Hong Kong (“Greater China”), and the U.S.A. during the years
  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results
  by operating and reportable segments.




                                                         Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2022:

                                                            Greater China     U.S.A.    Consolidated
                                                                 RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000


           Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers            1,902,035    462,444       2,364,479


           Segment profit                                        428,372     (79,756)        348,616


           Unallocated administrative expenses                                               (87,437)
           Share-based compensation benefits                                                 (33,024)
           Loss on fair value changes of investments in
             preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                              (76,733)
           Gain on deemed disposal of partial
             investments in preferred shares measured
             at FVTPL                                                                         36,310
           Certain loss on fair value changes of
             financial assets at FVTPL                                                       (13,505)
           Certain gains on fair value changes of other
             financial assets at FVTPL                                                         2,851
           Gain on fair value change of other financial
             liabilities at FVTPL                                                              3,501
           Certain exchange gain, net                                                          8,784
           Certain interest income from banks                                                    866
           Certain interest income from time deposits                                          9,177
           Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                          2,153
           Share of result of associates                                                      (4,414)
           Gain on disposal of an associate                                                    4,348
           Interest on convertible bonds                                                      (4,710)
           Certain interest on bank borrowing                                                (42,459)


           Profit before taxation                                                            154,324




164   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2021:

                                                    Greater China              U.S.A.         Consolidated
                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000


   Revenue
     Segment revenue from external customers             1,379,542            459,284             1,838,826


   Segment profit                                          419,514               80,809              500,323


   Unallocated administrative expenses                                                               (33,182)
   Share-based compensation benefits                                                                 (76,342)
   Gain on fair value changes of investments in
     preferred shares measured at FVTPL                                                                3,979
   Certain gain on fair value changes of
     financial assets at FVTPL                                                                        22,506
   Gain on fair value change of other financial
     liabilities at FVTPL                                                                              8,362
   Certain exchange gain, net                                                                         12,965
   Certain imputed interest income from related
     parties                                                                                             461
   Certain interest income from banks                                                                  1,599
   Certain interest income from time deposits                                                         22,193
   Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                                          1,886
   Share of result of associates                                                                      (6,823)


   Profit before taxation                                                                            457,927


   The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
   described in Note 3. Segment profit represents the profit before taxation for each respective segment
   excluding unallocated administrative expenses (including the corporate expenses), share-based
   compensation benefits, loss on fair value changes of investments in preferred shares measured at
   FVTPL, gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL,
   certain loss on fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL, certain gains on fair value changes
   of other financial assets at FVTPL, gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at FVTPL,
   certain net exchange gain, certain imputed interest income from related parties, certain interest
   income resulted from the corporate bank balances (including pledged bank deposits and time
   deposits), share of result of associates, gain on disposal of an associate, interest on convertible
   bonds, and certain interest on bank borrowing (2021: excluding unallocated administrative expenses
   (including the corporate expenses), share-based compensation benefits, gain on fair value changes
   of investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, certain gain on fair value changes of financial
   assets at FVTPL, gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at FVTPL, certain net exchange
   gain, certain imputed interest income from related parties, certain interest income resulted from the
   corporate bank balances (including pledged bank deposits and time deposits), and share of result of
   associates).



                                                            Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s asset and liabilities by reportable and operating segments:

                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Segment assets
           Greater China                                                          10,579,560          7,382,524
           U.S.A.                                                                  4,291,280          3,918,470


           Total segment assets                                                   14,870,840         11,300,994
           Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                     –              5,279
           Corporate time deposits                                                         –            826,959
           Corporate bank balances and cash                                          106,720             73,390
           Pledged bank deposits                                                           –            180,000
           Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL                         105,743            169,930
           Corporate financial assets at FVTPL                                             –            140,007
           Corporate amounts due from an associate                                    15,434             13,348
           Life insurance policy                                                      22,452                  –
           Unallocated (other assets)                                                110,848            115,483


           Total                                                                  15,232,037         12,825,390


                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Segment liabilities
           Greater China                                                           2,968,337          1,381,690
           U.S.A.                                                                    932,351            809,314


           Total segment liabilities                                               3,900,688          2,191,004
           Convertible bonds                                                       1,636,059          1,492,932
           Consideration payable for acquisition of
             Jinxin Medical Group (Note 40(c))                                             –            302,518
           Corporate bank borrowing                                                  930,678                  –
           Unallocated (other liabilities)                                            29,484             86,235


           Total                                                                   6,496,909          4,072,689




166   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
   For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

   •    All assets are allocated to operating segments, other than equity instrument at FVTOCI,
        corporate time deposits, corporate bank balances and cash, pledged bank deposits,
        investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL, corporate financial assets at FVTPL,
        corporate amounts due from an associate, life insurance policy and other unallocated corporate
        assets; and

   •    All liabilities are allocated to operating segments, other than convertible bonds, consideration
        payable for acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group, corporate bank borrowing and other unallocated
        corporate liabilities.

   For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                               Greater China             U.S.A.       Unallocated             Total
                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


   Amounts included in the measure of
    segment profit or loss or segment
    assets:
     Addition to non-current assets (Note)            312,553           152,813             24,787            490,153
     Addition to non-current assets through
       acquisitions of subsidiaries
       (Notes 15, 16, 17 & 40)                      2,791,152                 –                  –          2,791,152
     Depreciation and amortisation                    207,386            52,753              3,423            263,562
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and
       equipment                                            25           34,518                   –            34,543


   For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                Greater China            U.S.A.        Unallocated              Total
                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


   Amounts included in the measure of
    segment profit or loss or segment
    assets:
    Addition to non-current assets (Note)               61,699           14,832             35,484            112,015
    Addition to non-current assets through
      acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note 40)        3,449,554                 –                  –          3,449,554
    Depreciation and amortisation                     118,692            46,845              4,085            169,622
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and
      equipment                                              2                 –                  –                  2

   Note: Non-current assets excluded financial instruments and addition to non-current assets through acquisitions of
         subsidiaries.


                                                                  Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                    Notes            2022        2021
                                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000


           Types of services
           Assisted reproductive services — Greater China
             A point in time recognition                               (i)         659,620     687,567
             Over time recognition                                     (i)         394,156     472,894

                                                                                  1,053,776   1,160,461

           Management services — Over time recognition
            – U.S.A.                                                (ii), (iii)    355,552     432,239
            – Greater China                                             (i)        147,285      95,980

                                                                                   502,837     528,219

           Ambulatory surgery centre facilities services — U.S.A.
             – A point in time recognition                             (ii)         76,215      23,735
           Ancillary medical services
             A point in time recognition
               – U.S.A.                                                (ii)         30,677       3,310
               – Greater China                                         (i)          93,790      48,785

                                                                                   124,467      52,095

           Ancillary medical services — Greater China
             Over time recognition                                     (i)          26,489      18,730

                                                                                   150,956      70,825

           Obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical
            services — Greater China
            A point in time recognition                                (i)         312,390      23,340
            Over time recognition                                      (i)         158,686      10,958

                                                                                   471,076      34,298

           Sales of medicines, consumables and equipment
             — Greater China
             A point in time recognition                               (i)         109,619      21,288

           Total                                                                  2,364,479   1,838,826



168   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
   Notes:

   (i)     Revenue generated in the Greater China which amounted RMB1,902,035,000 (31 December 2021:
           RMB1,379,542,000).

   (ii)    Revenue generated in the U.S.A. which amounted to RMB462,444,000 (31 December 2021: RMB459,284,000).

   (iii)   Management services fee under the MSA for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to RMB405,004,000
           (31 December 2021: RMB491,460,000), net of cost reimbursed of RMB49,452,000 (31 December 2021:
           RMB59,221,000) as purchasing agent for pharmaceuticals procurement pursuant to HRC Medical’s and USC’s
           medication supply program.


   All services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
   allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed. The Group applies the practical expedient
   of not disclosing the information about its remaining performance obligation when the performance
   obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.

   Geographical information
   At 31 December 2022, the non-current assets located in the Greater China, the U.S.A., and Lao
   People’s Democratic Republic (“Laos”) amounted to RMB8,936,931,000, RMB4,152,246,000, and
   RMB52,356,000, respectively (31 December 2021: RMB5,797,857,000, RMB3,785,893,000, and
   RMB53,345,000, respectively). Non-current assets as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 excluded
   equity instrument at FVTOCI, loan receivable, financial assets at FVTPL, pledged bank deposits,
   refundable deposits, deferred tax assets, amounts due from associates and amounts due from other
   related parties.

   Information about major customers
   Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
   Group are as follows:

                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


   HRC Medical                                                                      351,142               436,846




                                                                  Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      6. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Imputed interest income from related parties                                            196                2,319
           Interest income from banks                                                           16,814                7,838
           Interest income from time deposits                                                    9,182               22,405
           Interest income from pledged bank deposits                                            2,153                1,886
           Government grants (Note)                                                              6,990                6,921
           Consulting service income                                                             2,561                6,834
           Others                                                                               12,256                7,763

                                                                                                50,152               55,966

           Note: Government grants mainly represented amounts received by Jinxin Women and Children Hospital for its newly
                 granted Class Three Grade A qualification as private hospital and grants on cost incurred for research and
                 development projects of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with no unfulfilled conditions (2021: the grants on cost
                 incurred for research and development projects of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital with no unfulfilled conditions).


      7. OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Donations                                                                             3,411                     –
           Compensation to patients                                                              3,360                   272
           Others                                                                                1,339                   333

                                                                                                 8,110                   605


      8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                         (34,543)                  (2)
           Exchange gain, net                                                                    9,422               13,122
           Fair value change of other financial assets at FVTPL                                  6,205                6,856
           Fair value change of investments in preferred shares
             measured at FVTPL                                                                 (76,733)                3,979
           Gain on deemed disposal of partial investments in preferred
             shares measured at FVTPL                                                           36,310                    –
           Fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL                                       (5,526)              30,026
           Fair value change of other financial liabilities at FVTPL                             3,501                8,362
           Gains on early termination of leases                                                    203                    –
           Gain on disposal of investments in an associate                                       4,348                    –
           Others                                                                               (1,239)                  97

                                                                                               (58,052)              62,440

170   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




9. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


  Interest on bank borrowings (Note)                                            45,263                5,589
  Interest on convertible bonds                                                  4,710                  379
  Interest on lease liabilities                                                 21,880               15,178


                                                                                71,853               21,146

  Note:

                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Total borrowing cost                                                           81,688                 5,589
  Less: amounts capitalised in construction in progress                         (36,425)                    –

                                                                                45,263                  5,589


  Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the specific borrowings.

10. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


  Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                         4,336                3,200
  Directors’ remuneration (Note 12)                                             12,942                8,242
  Other staff costs
    – salaries, allowances and other benefits                               661,964                 449,669
    – retirement benefit schemes contributions for other staff               65,989                  32,507
    – share-based compensation benefits                                      33,024                  76,342


  Total staff costs                                                         773,919                 566,760


  Cost of inventories recognised as expenses (representing
    pharmaceutical products and consumables used,
    included in cost of revenue)                                            650,928                 513,785
  Amortisation of licenses (included in administrative expenses)             39,034                  23,662
  Amortisation of non-compete agreement
    (included in administrative expenses)                                     1,393                     448
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             150,422                  98,585
  Depreciation of right-of use assets                                        72,713                  46,927
  Less: capitalised in building under construction                           (2,168)                      –
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets recognised
    in profit and loss                                                          70,545               46,927

                                                           Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Current tax:
             PRC EIT                                                                  91,962             89,151
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     4,046              1,890
             U.S.A. Federal Income Tax                                                     –                612
             U.S.A. State Income Tax                                                     235              1,656


                                                                                      96,243             93,309
           Deferred tax:
             Current year (Note 36)                                                  (59,868)            10,921


                                                                                      36,375            104,230


           The Company is tax exempted under the laws of the Cayman Islands and its subsidiaries
           incorporated in the BVI are also tax exempted under the laws of the BVI from a BVI tax perspective.

           Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for year 2022 and
           2021.

           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations
           of the EIT Law, the statutory EIT rate of subsidiaries of the Company operating in the PRC is 25%,
           except for certain subsidiaries that are engaged in “the Encouraged Industries in the Western Region”
           and eligible for the preferential EIT rate at 15%. The Company’s subsidiaries that are tax residents
           in the PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding tax of 10% for the non-PRC tax resident
           immediate holding company established in Hong Kong, when and if undistributed earnings are
           declared to be paid as dividends out of profits that arose on or after 1 January 2008.

           Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S.A. corporate tax representing 21% of the
           applicable U.S.A. Federal Income Tax rate and an average of 8.84% for California State Income Tax
           rate for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 for their operations in the U.S.A.

           Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect
           of temporary differences attributable to the retained profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
           approximately RMB784,026,000 as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB646,109,000), as
           the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
           that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




172   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)
   The income tax expenses for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


   Profit before taxation                                                     154,324                 457,927


   Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                     38,581              114,482
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                    1,104                1,706
   Tax effect of share of results of a joint venture                                 (11)                 823
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                          1,547                1,311
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                               (4,977)             (16,722)
   Tax effect of R&D expense additional deduction                                 (1,801)              (1,992)
   Effect of tax exemption and concessions granted to
     PRC subsidiaries                                                         (44,483)                (35,726)
   Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating
     in other jurisdictions                                                       (1,946)               1,631
   Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                          48,361               38,717


   Income tax expenses                                                            36,375              104,230


   At the end of the reporting period, the Group has accumulated unused tax losses of RMB627,256,000
   (2021: RMB95,080,000), subject to approval of relevant tax authorities, available for offset against
   future profits and recognised accumulated tax losses of RMB338,732,000 (2021: RMB28,080,000)
   as deferred tax asset. The unrecognised tax losses of RMB53,607,000 (2021: RMB18,272,000) will
   expire in various years before 2027 (2021: 2026) and other unrecognised tax losses may be carried
   forward indefinitely.




                                                             Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (a) Directors and the chief executive
                 Details of the executives and non-executive directors appointed or resigned during the years
                 ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                    Date of appointment
                                                                                                    or resignation as
                                                                                                    the directors of the
                 Name                             Position                                          Company


                 Mr. Wang Bin (王彬)                Chairman and non- executive director              25 December 2018
                                                                                                      (resigned on
                                                                                                      28 March 2021)
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)              Chairman and executive director                   29 June 2020
                   (Note a)
                 Mr. Zhong Ying (鍾影)         Executive director and co-chief executive              17 August 2018 (resigned
                                               officer                                                on 28 March 2021)
                 Dr. John G. Wilcox          Executive director                                     25 December 2018
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽) (Note b) Executive director and chief executive officer         3 May 2018
                 Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)       Executive director                                     28 March 2021
                 Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)           Executive director and co-chief executive              3 December 2021
                                               officer
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)      Non-executive director                                 28 March 2021
                 Mr. Fang Min (方敏)           Non-executive director                                 25 December 2018
                 Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)             Non-executive director                                 25 December 2018
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)      Independent non-executive director                     3 June 2019
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)       Independent non-executive director                     3 June 2019
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強) Independent non-executive director                       3 June 2019
                 Mr. Lim Haw Kuang (林浩光) Independent non-executive director                         3 June 2019 (resigned on
                                                                                                       31 August 2021)
                 Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)             Independent non-executive director                31 August 2021

                 Notes:

                 a.    Mr. Zhong Yong has been re-designated from a vice chairman to a chairman on 28 March 2021.

                 b.    Mr. Dong Yang has been re-designated from a co-chief executive officer to a chief executive officer on 28
                       March 2021.




174   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)

  (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
      Details of the emoluments paid or payable (including emoluments for the services rendered to
      the group entities prior to becoming a director of the Company) to executive directors and chief
      executive of the Company for the year for his services rendered to the entities comprising the
      Group are as follows:

                                                                  Performance-  Retirement
                                                                        related      benefit
                                                     Salaries and     incentive   schemes
                                               Fees allowances      payments* contributions            Total
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000            RMB’000


      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      Chairman and executive director:
      Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                          –         1,598        2,128              15          3,741
      Executive directors:
      Mr. Zhong Ying (鍾影)                          –             –            –               –              –
      Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                        –         1,431            –              77          1,508
      Dr. John G. Wilcox                           –             –            –               –              –
      Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                           –         2,668            –              25          2,693
      Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                            –         2,217        1,016              75          3,308
      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                            –            –            –                –              –
      Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                              –            –            –                –              –
      Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                     600            1            –               15            616
      Independent non-executive directors:
      Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                     269            –            –                –            269
      Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                      269            –            –                –            269
      Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                  269            –            –                –            269
      Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                       269            –            –                –            269


                                                1,676        7,915        3,144             207         12,942




                                                           Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

           (a) Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                                                                                     Performance-       Retirement
                                                                                           related          benefit
                                                                        Salaries and     incentive       schemes
                                                                Fees     allowances    payments*      contributions        Total
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


                 For the year ended 31 December 2021
                 Chairman and non-executive director:
                 Mr. Wang Bin (王彬)                                191              –              –              –           191
                 Chairman and executive director:
                 Mr. Zhong Yong (鍾勇)                                –          1,568              –             11         1,579
                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Zhong Ying (鍾影)                                –            870             –               3           873
                 Dr. Geng Lihong (耿麗紅)                              –          1,431            36              72         1,539
                 Dr. John G. Wilcox                                 –              –             –               –             –
                 Mr. Dong Yang (董陽)                                 –          2,212             –              54         2,266
                 Ms. Lyu Rong (呂蓉)                                  –            222             –               6           228
                 Non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Fang Min (方敏)                                  –              –              –              –             –
                 Ms. Hu Zhe (胡喆)                                    –              –              –              –             –
                 Ms. Yan Xiaoqing (嚴曉晴)                           612              –              –              –           612
                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Ye Changqing (葉長青)                           238              –              –              –           238
                 Mr. Wang Xiaobo (王嘯波)                            238              –              –              –           238
                 Dr. Chong Yat Keung (莊一強)                        238              –              –              –           238
                 Mr. Lim Haw Kuang (林浩光)                          159              –              –              –           159
                 Mr. Li Jianwei (李建偉)                              81              –              –              –            81


                                                                1,757          6,303            36             146         8,242

                 *     Performance-related incentive payments is determined by reference to the duties and responsibilities of the
                       relevant individual within the Group and the Group’s performance.


                 The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with
                 the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
                 emoluments shown above were for their services as Directors and its subsidiaries, if applicable.
                 The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
                 Directors.

                 There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
                 waive any remuneration during the year.




176   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




12. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
  (Continued)

  (b) Employees
      The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included one director for the year
      ended 31 December 2022 (2021: two directors). Details of the remuneration for the year of the
      remaining four (2021: three) who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
      as follows:

                                                                            2022                   2021
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


      Salaries and allowances                                                 10,067                4,594
      Performance-related incentive payments                                   2,008                    –
      Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                   110                   95
      Share-based compensation benefits                                        4,705               37,019

                                                                              16,890               41,708


      The number of the highest paid employees (including directors) whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:

                                                                               2022                  2021


      Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                          –                      –
      HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                 –                      1
      HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                 –                      –
      HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                 1                      –
      HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                 3                      1
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                 –                      1
      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                 –                      –
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                 1                      1
      HK$11,000,001 to HK$11,500,000                                               –                      –
      HK$29,500,001 to HK$30,000,000                                               –                      –
      HK$30,000,001 to HK$35,000,000                                               –                      –
      HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                               –                      1

                                                                                   5                      5


      During the year, certain non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees were
      granted restricted share unit awards, in respect of their services to the Group under the RSU
      Scheme of the Company. Details of the restricted share award (“Restricted Share Award”) are
      set out in Note 41 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

      During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors, or the five highest paid
      individuals (including the directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining
      the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the director of the Group nor the five
      highest paid individual waived any emoluments during the year.

                                                         Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
             recognised as distribution during the year:
           2021 final — HK7.38 cents (2021: 2020 final — Nil) (Note)                           150,000                       –

           Note: A final cash dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 of HK7.38 cents (equivalent to RMB0.06) per
                 ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of RMB150,000,000 (2021: Nil), has been proposed by the Directors and
                 approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

                 Except for the final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021, no other dividend was paid or
                 proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2022, nor has any dividend been proposed since the
                 end of the reporting period.


      14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is
           based on the following data:

                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           Earnings
           Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                       121,124               339,901
           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
             – Interest on convertible bonds                                                      4,710                   379
             – Exchange loss on convertible bonds                                                   294                     –


           Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share
             (profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company)                       126,128               340,280




178   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                 ’000                  ’000


   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purpose of basic earnings per share                                  2,496,257             2,478,210
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
     – Restricted Shares Units (“RSUs”) issued by the Company                  7,232                14,190
     – Convertible bonds issued by the Company                               120,980                11,932


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
    purpose of diluted earnings per share                                 2,624,469             2,504,332


   For the year ended 31 December 2022, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
   purpose of calculation of basic earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary shares
   held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme by the RSU Scheme’s Nominee as described in Note
   41 and the effect of the ordinary shares issued by the Company as described in Note 39 (2021: the
   weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculation of basic earnings per
   share has been adjusted for the effect of ordinary shares held by the nominee under the RSU Scheme
   by the RSU Scheme’s Nominee and the effect of the ordinary shares issued and repurchased by the
   Company).

   For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   for the purpose of calculation of diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of
   assumption of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from restricted shares
   and the conversion of the Company’s outstanding convertible bonds.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                    Office
                                                                                               equipment,
                                                                   Leasehold       Medical       furniture     Motor     Construction
                                                    Buildings   improvements    equipment     and fixtures   vehicles     in progress      Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2021                         784,274         133,051      140,571          49,254       1,626         135,770    1,244,546
           Additions                                       –           6,749       34,303          16,961       3,497          30,898       92,408
           Disposals                                       –               –      (10,280)         (7,990)       (183)              –      (18,453)
           Reclassification                           24,817         127,236        2,978               –           –        (155,031)           –
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note 40)          –           4,961       36,202           4,292       1,624               –       47,079
           Exchange realignment                            –          (2,029)        (698)           (733)          –          (1,010)      (4,470)


           At 31 December 2021                       809,091         269,968      203,076          61,784       6,564          10,627    1,361,110
           Additions                                       –          49,999       30,057          26,709       1,110          72,444      180,319
           Disposals/write-off                             –         (34,196)      (6,061)         (1,140)        (78)           (255)     (41,730)
           Reclassification                                –           1,276            –             213           –          (1,489)           –
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries
             (Note 40 and Note)                         3,952          6,332       12,766          28,888        267        1,376,879    1,429,084
           Exchange realignment                             –         12,880        4,550           2,919          –            1,679       22,028


           At 31 December 2022                       813,043         306,259      244,388         119,373       7,863       1,459,885    2,950,811


           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2021                          76,755          23,476        71,836         15,773         581               –     188,421
           Provided for the year                      40,689          23,469        22,668         10,800         959               –      98,585
           Eliminated on disposals                         –               –       (10,166)        (5,921)       (173)              –     (16,260)
           Exchange realignment                            –            (925)         (493)          (277)          –               –      (1,695)


           At 31 December 2021                       117,444          46,020       83,845          20,375       1,367               –     269,051
           Provided for the year                      42,640          40,119       44,827          20,958       1,878               –     150,422
           Eliminated on disposals/write-off               –          (1,210)      (4,912)           (692)        (23)              –      (6,837)
           Exchange realignment                            –           4,409        2,542           1,468           –               –       8,419


           At 31 December 2022                       160,084          89,338      126,302          42,109       3,222               –     421,055


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2021                       691,647         223,948      119,231          41,409       5,197          10,627    1,092,059


           At 31 December 2022                       652,959         216,921      118,086          77,264       4,641       1,459,885    2,529,756




180   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited            Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   Note: On 4 February 2022, 海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公司 (Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise Management Co., Ltd),
         an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with certain
         independent third-party individuals to purchase their 100% equity interests in 深圳市恆裕聯翔投資發展有限公司
         (Shenzhen Hengyu Lianxiang Investment Development Co., Ltd, “Shenzhen Hengyu”) at cash consideration of
         approximately RMB37,234,000. Shenzhen Hengyu owns an industrial research and development building located
         in Shenzhen which is now under construction and amounting to RMB1,549,385,000 (including property, plant and
         equipment amounting to RMB1,376,666,000 and right-of-use assets amounting to RMB172,719,000 (Note 16))
         at the date of acquisition. The total investment amounts of the industrial research and development building is
         estimated to be approximately RMB1,727,063,000 upon completion. The acquisition has been accounted for as
         assets acquisition and was completed on 25 May 2022. The industrial research and development building will be
         used for the provision of medical services by Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital. For more details of the transaction,
         please refer to Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements and the Company’s announcements dated 4
         February 2022 and 15 February 2022.


   Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than
   construction in progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method and at the
   following rates per annum:

   Buildings                                                   5%
   Leasehold improvements                                      10% to 20% or lease term, whichever is shorter
   Medical equipment                                           10% to 15%
   Office equipment, furniture and fixtures                    20%
   Motor vehicles                                              20%

16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                     Leasehold            Leased
                                                          land         properties        Equipment              Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


   As at 1 January 2022
   Carrying amount                                             –          400,508               420            400,928


   As at 31 December 2022
   Carrying amount                                      170,551           385,606             9,268            565,425


   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   Depreciation charge                                    2,168            69,399             1,146             72,713


   For the year ended 31 December 2021
   Depreciation charge                                         –           44,864             2,063             46,927




                                                                    Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


           Expense relating to short-term leases                                             924              2,377
           Expense relating to lease of low-value assets,
             excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                                239                   8
           Total cash outflow for leases                                                 60,867              52,007
           Additions to right-of-use assets                                              50,718             100,698
           Additions to right-of-use assets through acquisitions
             of a subsidiary (Note 40)                                                  172,719             137,865


           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group leases various clinics, offices, hospital,
           equipment and land use right (2021: various clinics, offices, hospital and equipment) for its
           operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 2 to 50 years (2021: 2 to 20 years),
           but may have extension options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
           basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and
           assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and
           determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for property. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021,
           the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
           lease expense disclosed above.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group early terminated one lease in PRC and one
           lease in U.S.A. which right-of-use assets of approximately RMB7,346,000 has been de-recognised.

           Rent concessions
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, lessors of properties provided rent concessions to the
           Group through rent reductions of 100% over six months (2021: ranging from 20% to 100% over two to
           twelve months.)

           The rent concessions in PRC and U.S.A. occurred as a direct consequence of Covid-19 pandemic
           and met of all of the conditions in IFRS 16.46B, and the Group applied the practical expedient not
           to assess whether the changes constitute lease modifications. During the year ended 31 December
           2022, the effects on changes in lease payments due to forgiveness or waiver by the lessors for the
           relevant leases of RMB546,000 (2021: RMB2,008,000) were recognised as negative variable lease
           payments.




182   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
   Extension options
   The Group has extension options in a number of leases for leased properties in the U.S.A.. These
   are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
   operations. The majority of extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the
   respective lessors.

   The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the
   extension options. The potential exposures to these future lease payments for extension options in
   which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise is summarised below:

                                                                   Potential                                 Potential
                                                                future lease                             future lease
                                                               payments not                             payments not
                                                      Lease         included               Lease            included
                                                  liabilities        in lease           liabilities           in lease
                                                recognised         liabilities        recognised            liabilities
                                                       as at (undiscounted)                 as at     (undiscounted)
                                                       2022              2022               2021                  2021
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


   Clinics — U.S.A.                                  88,545          145,309               90,504            133,022
   Office — U.S.A.                                   16,085           26,861                5,730             15,980


   In addition, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option
   upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is
   within the control of the lessee. During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no
   such triggering event.

   Leases committed
   As at 31 December 2021, the Group entered into a new lease for a clinic in the U.S.A that is not
   yet commenced, with non-cancellable period of 5.5 years with extension options, the total future
   undiscounted cash flows under which amounted to approximately US$517,000 (equivalent to
   approximately RMB3,296,000) over the non-cancellable period. The Group also entered into two
   new leases for employee dormitories in the PRC that have not yet commenced, with average non-
   cancellable period ranging from 4 to 10 months with extension options, the total future undiscounted
   cash flows under which amounted to approximately RMB172,000 over the non-cancellable period. As
   at 31 December 2022, all leases have been commenced.

   The lease agreements do not impose any covenants and the relevant leased assets may not be used
   as security for borrowing purposes.

   Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 35.




                                                               Annual Report 2022       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2021                                                                  889,642
           Arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note 40)                              1,849,102
           Exchange realignment                                                               (18,997)

           At 31 December 2021                                                              2,719,747
           Arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries (Notes 22 & 40)                          542,941
           Exchange realignment                                                               222,037

           At 31 December 2022                                                              3,484,725


           Particulars regarding impairment testing on goodwill are disclosed in Note 22.

      18. LICENSES
                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2021 (Note a, Note b and Note c)                                     842,098
           Arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note d and Note 40)                    477,200
           Exchange realignment                                                               (1,335)

           At 31 December 2021                                                              1,317,963
           Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note e and Note 40)                      333,070
           Exchange realignment                                                                43,954

           At 31 December 2022                                                              1,694,987

           AMORTISATION
           At 1 January 2021                                                                  56,115
           Provided for the year                                                              23,662
           Exchange realignment                                                                    *

           At 31 December 2021                                                                79,777
           Provided for the year                                                              39,034
           Exchange realignment                                                                    *

           At 31 December 2022                                                               118,811

           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2021                                                              1,238,186


           At 31 December 2022                                                              1,576,176

           *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.



184   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




18. LICENSES (Continued)
   At 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of RMB1,576,176,000 (2021: RMB1,238,186,000) of
   licenses mainly comprises of licenses in Shenzhen, Laos, Wuhan, Chengdu and Kunming (2021:
   Shenzhen, Laos, Wuhan and Chengdu).

   Notes:

   a.   License with finite useful life in Shenzhen

        The amount is determined based on the acquisition-date fair value of the medical practice license (“Medical
        Practice License”) upon the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital on 31 January 2017. The acquisition-
        date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the aggregate value of the Medical Practice License
        as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach, which is, among others, based
        on the projected cash flows generated from the assisted reproductive service and ancillary medical service
        business of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital for a period of 32.4 years, being the estimated useful life of the Medical
        Practice License and the certificate for human assisted reproduction. Based on the capabilities and successful
        history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License and the passing
        of the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to maintain
        certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous
        renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 2.4 years at date of acquisition and is renewable
        every 5 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 32.4 years at its acquisition in January 2017.

   b.   License with indefinite useful life in Laos

        The Group entered into an agreement for the acquisition of a Medical Practice License from a third party, Rhea
        International Medical Center in Laos with a consideration of RMB40,166,000 on 29 February 2020. The license has
        a legal life of one year but is renewable every year at minimal cost. The Directors are of the opinion that the Group
        would renew the license continuously and has the ability to do so. The license is considered by the management of
        the Group to have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and
        will not be amortised until its useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead it is tested for impairment annually
        and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the license
        acquired are disclosed in Note 22.

   c.   License with finite useful life in Wuhan

        The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Wuhan
        Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,. Ltd (“Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”) on 14 July 2020. The
        acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the aggregate value of the Medical
        Practice License as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach, which is, among
        others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the assisted reproductive service and ancillary medical
        service business of Wuhan Jinxin Hospital for a period of 39.5 years, being the estimated useful life of the Medical
        Practice License and the certificate for human assisted reproduction. Based on the capabilities and successful
        history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License and the passing of
        the inspection on the assisted reproduction technology practice in Wuhan Jinxin Hospital to maintain certification,
        the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice to estimate continuous renewals of
        the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 9.5 years at date of acquisition and is renewable every 15
        years, and hence an estimated useful life of 39.5 years at its acquisition in July 2020.




                                                                       Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. LICENSES (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)

           d.    License with finite useful life in Chengdu

                 The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinxin
                 Medical Group on 26 November 2021. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and
                 comprises the aggregate value of the Medical Practice License as determined using the discounted cash flow
                 method under income approach, which is, among others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the
                 obstetrics, gynecology and pediatrics medical services of Jinxin Medical Group for a period of 40.1 years, being
                 the estimated useful life of the medical practice license. The estimated future cash flows involves key assumptions
                 including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. Based on the capabilities and
                 successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License in Jinxin
                 Medical Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry practice
                 to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 10.1 years at date of
                 acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 40.1 years at its acquisition in
                 November 2021.

           e.    License with finite useful life in Kunming

                 The acquisition-date fair value of the Medical Practice License was recognised upon the acquisition of Kunming
                 Group on 13 July 2022. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the
                 aggregate value of the Medical Practice License as determined using the discounted cash flow method under
                 income approach, which is, among others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the assisted
                 reproductive service and ancillary medical service business of Kunming Group for a period of 36 years, being the
                 estimated useful life of the medical practice license. The estimated future cash flows involves key assumptions
                 including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax discount rate. Based on the capabilities and
                 successful history without incurring significant expenses on the renewals of the Medical Practice License in
                 Kunming Group to maintain certification, the Directors believe that it is appropriate and in line with industry
                 practice to estimate continuous renewals of the Medical Practice License, which has a legal life of 6 years at date
                 of acquisition and is renewable every 15 years, and hence an estimated useful life of 36 years at its acquisition in
                 July 2022.




186   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




19. NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT
                                                                                                           RMB’000


  COST
  At 1 January 2021                                                                                               –
  Arising from acquisition of a subsidiary (Note and Note 40)                                                20,591
  Exchange realignment                                                                                         (315)


  At 31 December 2021                                                                                        20,276
  Exchange realignment                                                                                        1,877


  At 31 December 2022                                                                                        22,153


  AMORTISATION
  At 1 January 2021                                                                                                –
  Provided for the year                                                                                          448
  Exchange realignment                                                                                             *


  At 31 December 2021                                                                                            448
  Provided for the year                                                                                        1,393
  Exchange realignment                                                                                             *


  At 31 December 2022                                                                                          1,841


  CARRYING VALUES
  At 31 December 2021                                                                                        19,828


  At 31 December 2022                                                                                        20,312

  *    The amount is less than RMB1,000.

  Note: The acquisition-date fair value of the non-compete agreement was recognised upon the acquisition of Jinxin
        Women Group on 5 September 2021. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises
        the aggregate value of the non-compete agreement as determined using the discounted cash flow method under
        income approach, which is, among others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the value of the
        non-competition promise from Dr. Chan Chi Wai, a shareholder of Jinxin Women Group, for a period of 15.3 years,
        being the estimated useful life of the non-compete agreement.




                                                                   Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      20. CONTRACTUAL RIGHT TO PROVIDE MANAGEMENT SERVICES
                                                                                                            RMB’000


           COST
           At 1 January 2021                                                                               1,839,369
           Exchange realignment                                                                              (42,059)


           At 31 December 2021                                                                             1,797,310
           Exchange realignment                                                                              166,011


           At 31 December 2022                                                                             1,963,321


           Contractual right to provide management services was acquired through the acquisition of HRC
           Fertility Management, LLC and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “HRC management Group”)
           on 24 December 2018.

           Contractual right to provide management services represents the MSA with HRC Medical for a period
           of 20 years which will automatically be extended for one additional year on each anniversary date
           unless terminated.

           On 22 January 2019, the overall management service arrangement was reviewed by the Group and,
           among others, the MSA was replaced with the new MSA (“New MSA”) to optimise the overall business
           arrangement. The scope of service under the MSA and the New MSA generally remains the same.
           Under the New MSA, the management fee is equal to 90% of all gross revenue of HRC Medical
           accrued during the preceding month, subject to adjustment stated in the New MSA. The New MSA
           has a term of 20 years commencing from 1 January 2019 and shall automatically extend for one
           additional year on each anniversary date unless terminated.

           Contractual right to provide management services is considered by the management of the Group to
           have an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and
           will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it is tested for impairment
           annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding
           impairment testing are disclosed in Note 22.




188   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




21. TRADEMARKS
                                                                                                             RMB’000


  COST
  At 1 January 2021 (Note a)                                                                                1,255,735
  Arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries (Note 40 and Note b)                                              917,717
  Exchange realignment                                                                                        (21,972)


  At 31 December 2021                                                                                       2,151,480
  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40 and Note c)                                               309,096
  Exchange realignment                                                                                        184,287


  At 31 December 2022                                                                                       2,644,863

  Notes:

  a.   The Group’s trademarks as at 1 January 2021 were acquired through the acquisition of Shenzhen Zhongshan
       Hospital, HRC Management Group and an asset acquisition in the U.S.A on 31 January 2017, 24 December
       2018 and 25 September 2020. The trademark acquired from Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital has a legal life of 10
       years but is renewable every 10 years at minimal cost, the trademarks of HRC Medical from the acquisition of
       HRC Management Group have legal lives of 10 years and are renewable for same consecutive period six months
       before expiry at minimal cost, while the trademark acquired from an asset acquisition in the U.S.A. for the use
       of HRC Management Group has legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost. The
       Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to do
       so. The trademarks are considered by the management of the Group to have an indefinite useful life because
       they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives
       are determined to be finite. Instead they are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication
       that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Shenzhen
       Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group and an asset acquisition in U.S.A. are disclosed in Note 22.

  b.   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired Jinxin Women Group and Jinxin Medical Group on
       5 September 2021 and 26 November 2021, respectively. Trademarks acquired from Jinxin Women Group has a
       legal life of one year but is renewable every year at minimal cost and the trademark acquired from Jinxin Medical
       Group has a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost. The Directors are of the
       opinion that the Group would renew both trademarks continuously and has the ability to do so. The trademarks
       are considered by the management of the Group to have indefinite useful lives because they are expected to
       contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be
       finite. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the aggregate value of the
       trademarks as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach, which is, among
       others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the use of their respective trademarks. The estimated
       future cash flows involves key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate and pre-tax
       discount rate. These trademarks are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they
       may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of both trademarks acquired from Jinxin Women Group
       and Jinxin Medical Group are disclosed in Note 22.

  c.   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group acquired Kunming Group on 13 July 2022. Trademarks
       acquired from Kunming Group has a legal life of 10 years and is renewable for every 10 years at minimal cost.
       The Directors are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to
       do so. The trademarks are considered by the management of the Group to have indefinite useful lives because
       they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely and will not be amortised until their useful lives
       are determined to be finite. The acquisition-date fair value is determined by the Directors, and comprises the
       aggregate value of the trademarks as determined using the discounted cash flow method under income approach,
       which is, among others, based on the projected cash flows generated from the use of their respective trademarks.
       The estimated future cash flows involves key assumptions including growth rates of revenue, gross margin rate
       and pre-tax discount rate. The trademarks are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication
       that they may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing of the trademarks acquired from Kunming
       Group are disclosed in Note 22.


                                                                    Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
           trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement acquired set out in Notes 17, 20, 21, 18 and
           19, respectively, have been allocated to eight (2021: six) individual CGUs and a group of CGUs
           (2021: N/A). The carrying amounts of goodwill, contractual right to provide management services,
           trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 allocated to
           these CGUs are as follows:

                                                                    Contractual right to
                                                                   provide management
                                                 Goodwill                services               Trademarks               Licenses          Non-compete agreement
                                            as at 31 December       as at 31 December       as at 31 December       as at 31 December        as at 31 December
                                               2022        2021        2022         2021       2022        2021        2022        2021         2022        2021
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


           Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital       197,123     197,123           –           –     246,900    246,900     348,664     361,819            –          –
           HRC Management Group              612,311     560,535   1,963,321   1,797,310   1,089,928    990,117           –           –            –          –
           Wuhan Jinxin Hospital             118,865     118,865           –           –           –          –     351,833     361,338            –          –
           Jinrui Medical Center                   –           –           –           –           –          –      40,166      40,166            –          –
           Jinxin Women Group                 60,422      55,304           –           –      58,866     53,879           –           –       20,312     19,828
           Jinxin Medical Group            1,953,063   1,787,920           –           –     940,073    860,584     506,298     474,863            –          –
           Shenzhen Innovation Group          24,517           –           –           –           –          –           –           –            –          –
           Kunming Group                     470,973           –           –           –     309,096          –     329,215           –            –          –
           Chengdu Yongshenghengfu
              Business Management Co., Ltd
              (“Yongshenghengfu”)*            47,451           –          –            –          –            –          –            –          –           –


                                           3,484,725   2,719,747   1,963,321   1,797,310   2,644,863   2,151,480   1,576,176   1,238,186      20,312     19,828


           *      The goodwill acquired by the Group during the business combination of Yongshenghengfu on 22 December 2022
                  has, from the acquisition date, been allocated to a group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies
                  of the business combination. The group of CGUs includes Jinxin Medical Group and Chengdu Xinan Hospital
                  (collectively refer to “Chengdu Group”).


           The impairment assessment is based on a valuation by an independent professional valuer engaged
           by the Group.

           In addition to goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses, and
           non-compete agreement above, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (including
           allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill, contractual
           right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreement are also
           included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

           The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGUs and its major underlying assumptions are
           summarised below. The recoverable amounts of these units and asset have been determined based
           on a value in use calculation.




190   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 20.0%, and declining growth rates of 33.0% to
  10.0% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2022 (2021: a five-year period, a pre-tax
  discount rate of 20%, and declining growth rates of 21.2% to 10.4%). The remaining forecast cash
  flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a one-year period using declining growth rate
  6% for Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital at 31 December 2022 (2021: a one-year period using declining
  growth rate 6%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 18.5%, and declining growth rates of 28.1%
  to 20.3% to for HRC Management Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: a five-year period, a pre-tax
  discount rate of 18.1%, and declining growth rates of 44.3% to 20%). The remaining forecast cash
  flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a two-year period from 16.8% to 9.8% for HRC
  Management Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: a two-year period from 15% to 3%), and then a
  steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 18.7%, and declining growth rates of 224.7% to
  8% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2022 (2021: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate
  of 18.7%, and declining growth rates of 131.3% to 10.1%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond
  that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 6% to
  3% for Wuhan Jinxin Hospital at 31 December 2022 (2021: a three-year period using declining growth
  rates from 6% to 3%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 42.1%, and declining growth rates of 143.9%
  (one year after commencement of operations) to 12.3% for Jinrui Medical Center at 31 December
  2022 (2021: a ten-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 35.8%, and declining growth rates of 139.6%
  to 12.4%), and then a steady 4.9% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: 4.9%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 17.4%, and declining growth rates of 5% to 4%
  for Jinxin Women Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of
  17.4%, and declining growth rates of 18.2% to 4%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units
  thereafter (2021: 3%).

  The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
  covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates of 15.3% to
  7% for Jinxin Medical Group at 31 December 2022, except for the decrease rate of 8% for the year
  ending 31 December 2023 (2021: a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining
  growth rates of 17.3% to 10.6%). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that five-year period are
  extrapolated for a three-year period using declining growth rates from 9.6% to 7% for Jinxin Medical
  Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: a three-year period using declining growth rates from 9.1% to
  7%), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: 3%).




                                                          Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 24%, and declining growth rates of 100% (one
           year after commencement of operations) to 24% for Shenzhen Innovation Group at 31 December
           2022 (2021: N/A). The remaining forecast cash flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for
           a three-year period using declining growth rates from 14% to 6% for Shenzhen Innovation Group at
           31 December 2022 (2021: N/A), and then a steady 3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: N/A).

           The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
           covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 16%, and declining growth rates of 21.8%
           to 18.8% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: N/A). The remaining forecast cash flows
           beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a five-year period using declining growth rates from
           15.5% to 8.4% for Kunming Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: N/A), and then a steady 3% growth
           rate for the units thereafter (2021: N/A).

           And the calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by
           management covering a five-year period, a pre-tax discount rate of 15.3%, and declining growth rates
           of 12.6% to 11.2% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: N/A), The remaining forecast
           cash flows beyond that five-year period are extrapolated for a three-year period using declining
           growth rates from 8% to 4% for Chengdu Group at 31 December 2022 (2021: N/A), and then a steady
           3% growth rate for the units thereafter (2021: N/A).

           Key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows
           which include growth rates of revenue and gross margin rate. Such estimation is based on the
           relevant unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. For
           the financial forecasts used for the value in use calculation of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC
           Management Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Medical Group, Shenzhen
           Innovation Group, Kunming Group and Chengdu Group are over five-year period as the Group is
           confident that these projections are reliable and they can demonstrate its ability, based on past
           experience, to forecast cash flows accurately over the respective extrapolated periods.

           As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Directors determined that there is no impairment of these
           CGUs containing goodwill, contractual right to provide management services, trademarks, licenses
           and non-compete agreement.

           The recoverable amount of the CGU of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC management
           Group, Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical
           Group, Shenzhen Innovation Group, Kunming Group and Chengdu Group exceeds its carrying
           amount by RMB153,639,000, RMB172,792,000, RMB97,718,000, RMB888,000, RMB7,179,000,
           RMB18,281,000, RMB35,035,000, RMB109,987,000 and RMB3,070,398,000 as at 31 December
           2022 (2021: RMB1,511,543,000, RMB1,130,841,000, RMB11,744,000, RMB669,000, RMB3,628,000,
           RMB31,446,000, N/A, N/A, and N/A).




192   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  The table below sets forth (i) each key assumption that is used in goodwill, trademarks, contractual
  right to provide management services, licenses and non-compete agreement impairment testing at
  31 December 2022 and 2021; and (ii) the effect of the reasonably possible change in each of the
  key assumptions as determined by the Directors (with all other variables remained constant) on the
  calculation of value in use of the CGUs of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, HRC Management Group,
  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital, Jinrui Medical Center, Jinxin Women Group, Jinxin Medical Group, Shenzhen
  Innovation Group, Kunming Group, and Chengdu Group:

  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital
  At 31 December 2022

                                                                                      Surplus (deficits)
                                                                                        of recoverable
                                                                                         amount of the
                                                                                       CGU over/below
                                                                Changes in key             its carrying
  Key assumption                              Base case            assumption                 amounts
                                                                                               RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue               33% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                     (12,361)
                                                                Decrease by 2%                    (170,361)

  Gross margin rate                       42.8% to 49.3%        Decrease by 1%                      98,639
                                                                Decrease by 2%                      43,639

  Pre-tax discount rate                              20%       Increase by 0.5%                    124,639
                                                                 Increase by 1%                     97,639

  At 31 December 2021

                                                                                             Surplus of
                                                                                            recoverable
                                                                                          amount of the
                                                                Changes in key             CGU over its
  Key assumption                              Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                               RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue              21.2% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                  1,441,543
                                                                Decrease by 2%                  1,377,543

  Gross margin rate                       44.9% to 51.8%        Decrease by 1%                  1,473,543
                                                                Decrease by 2%                  1,441,543

  Pre-tax discount rate                              20%       Increase by 0.5%                 1,436,543
                                                                 Increase by 1%                 1,366,543


                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           HRC Management Group
           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                Surplus (deficits)
                                                                                                  of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU over/below
                                                                              Changes in key         its carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption             amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      28.1% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (62,717)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%              (252,837)

           Gross margin rate                                37.5% to 50.5%   Decrease by 1%                80,326
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (12,140)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    18.5%    Increase by 0.5%              36,857
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (89,993)

           At 31 December 2021

                                                                                                       Surplus of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key         CGU over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      44.3% to 3%    Decrease by 1%             1,102,349
                                                                             Decrease by 2%             1,073,859

           Gross margin rate                                38.4% to 53.4%   Decrease by 1%             1,032,014
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               933,189

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    18.1%    Increase by 0.5%             951,403
                                                                               Increase by 1%             785,107




194   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Wuhan Jinxin Hospital
  At 31 December 2022

                                                                                      Surplus of
                                                                                     recoverable
                                                                                   amount of the
                                                         Changes in key             CGU over its
  Key assumption                       Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                        RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     224.7% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                      70,992
                                                         Decrease by 2%                      45,431

  Gross margin rate               -10.5% to 44.7%        Decrease by 1%                      79,735
                                                         Decrease by 2%                      61,751

  Pre-tax discount rate                    18.7%        Increase by 0.5%                     74,497
                                                          Increase by 1%                     52,846

  At 31 December 2021

                                                                               Surplus (deficits)
                                                                                 of recoverable
                                                                                  amount of the
                                                                                CGU over/below
                                                         Changes in key             its carrying
  Key assumption                       Base case            assumption                 amounts
                                                                                        RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     131.3% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                        6,512
                                                         Decrease by 2%                       (5,195)

  Gross margin rate               -13.8% to 45.7%        Decrease by 1%                      (6,427)
                                                         Decrease by 2%                     (24,597)

  Pre-tax discount rate                    18.7%        Increase by 0.5%                    (13,687)
                                                          Increase by 1%                    (37,033)




                                                    Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Jinrui Medical Center
           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                        Deficits of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key       CGU below its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                    143.9% to 4.9%   Decrease by 1%                 (2,509)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                 (5,762)

           Gross margin rate                                22.8% to 70.8%   Decrease by 1%                   (104)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                 (1,095)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    42.1%    Increase by 0.5%                 (351)
                                                                               Increase by 1%               (1,543)

           At 31 December 2021

                                                                                                Surplus (deficits)
                                                                                                  of recoverable
                                                                                                   amount of the
                                                                                                 CGU over/below
                                                                              Changes in key         its carrying
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption             amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                    139.6% to 4.9%   Decrease by 1%                   (262)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                 (1,192)

           Gross margin rate                                10.3% to 72.6%   Decrease by 1%                    389
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                    109

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    35.8%    Increase by 0.5%               (1,305)
                                                                               Increase by 1%               (3,185)




196   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Jinxin Women Group
  At 31 December 2022

                                                                           Surplus (deficits)
                                                                             of recoverable
                                                                              amount of the
                                                                            CGU over/below
                                                     Changes in key             its carrying
  Key assumption                   Base case            assumption                 amounts
                                                                                    RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue     5% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                       (3,040)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                       (4,641)

  Gross margin rate                      51%         Decrease by 1%                        2,137
                                                     Decrease by 2%                       (2,904)

  Pre-tax discount rate               17.40%        Increase by 0.5%                         750
                                                      Increase by 1%                      (5,245)

  At 31 December 2021

                                                                                   Deficits of
                                                                                 recoverable
                                                                               amount of the
                                                     Changes in key           CGU below its
  Key assumption                   Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                    RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue   18.2% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                       (2,737)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                       (5,195)

  Gross margin rate                      51%         Decrease by 1%                       (2,782)
                                                     Decrease by 2%                       (7,844)

  Pre-tax discount rate                17.4%        Increase by 0.5%                     (4,571)
                                                      Increase by 1%                    (10,961)




                                                Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Jinxin Medical Group
           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                        Deficits of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key       CGU below its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                        -8% to 3%    Decrease by 1%               (469,393)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (928,204)

           Gross margin rate                                37.1% to 43.1%   Decrease by 1%                (73,244)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (164,804)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    15.3%    Increase by 0.5%             (106,491)
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (235,582)

           At 31 December 2021

                                                                                                        Deficits of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key       CGU below its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      17.3% to 3%    Decrease by 1%                 (8,003)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%                (47,453)

           Gross margin rate                                37.3% to 44.4%   Decrease by 1%                (50,462)
                                                                             Decrease by 2%               (132,374)

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    15.3%    Increase by 0.5%              (96,097)
                                                                               Increase by 1%             (213,324)




198   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  (Continued)

  Shenzhen Innovation Group
  At 31 December 2022

                                                                                   Surplus of
                                                                                  recoverable
                                                                                amount of the
                                                      Changes in key             CGU over its
  Key assumption                    Base case            assumption         carrying amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    100% to 3%         Decrease by 1%                      17,732
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       1,022

  Gross margin rate               41% to 13.1%        Decrease by 1%                      18,401
                                                      Decrease by 2%                       1,767

  Pre-tax discount rate                   24%        Increase by 0.5%                     32,097
                                                       Increase by 1%                     29,294

  Kunming Group
  At 31 December 2022

                                                                            Surplus (deficits)
                                                                              of recoverable
                                                                               amount of the
                                                                             CGU over/below
                                                      Changes in key             its carrying
  Key assumption                    Base case            assumption                 amounts
                                                                                     RMB’000


  Annual growth rate of revenue    21.8% to 3%        Decrease by 1%                    (150,781)
                                                      Decrease by 2%                    (394,008)

  Gross margin rate               39% to 50.1%        Decrease by 1%                      68,727
                                                      Decrease by 2%                      27,467

  Pre-tax discount rate                   16%        Increase by 0.5%                     50,807
                                                       Increase by 1%                     (3,770)




                                                 Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (Continued)

           Chengdu Group
           At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                       Surplus of
                                                                                                      recoverable
                                                                                                    amount of the
                                                                              Changes in key         CGU over its
           Key assumption                                       Base case        assumption     carrying amounts
                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Annual growth rate of revenue                      12.6% to 3%    Decrease by 1%             2,945,815
                                                                             Decrease by 2%             2,824,306

           Gross margin rate                                39.6% to 43.5%   Decrease by 1%             2,914,615
                                                                             Decrease by 2%             2,758,832

           Pre-tax discount rate                                    15.3%    Increase by 0.5%           2,826,268
                                                                               Increase by 1%           2,393,457

      23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
           a.    Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL

                                                                                                        RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2021                                                                       171,057
                 Gains on fair value change                                                                3,979
                 Exchange realignment                                                                     (5,106)


                 At 31 December 2021                                                                     169,930
                 Deemed disposal of partial preferred shares (Note 23(b)(ii))                             (1,717)
                 Loss on fair value change                                                               (76,733)
                 Exchange realignment                                                                     14,263


                 At 31 December 2022                                                                     105,743




200   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   b.   Interests in associates accounted for using equity method
                                                                                         2022                  2021
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


        Cost of interests in associates applying the equity method                             –                2,691
        Less: Share of post-acquisition loss                                                   –               (2,691)


                                                                                               –                     –


        Amounts due from associates (Note)                                              39,392               136,782
        Less: Share of post-acquisition loss that are excess of the
                 cost of investment                                                    (11,237)                (6,823)
        Add: Share of post-acquisition loss reversed upon disposal
                of an associate                                                           4,348                      –


                                                                                        32,503               129,959


        Interests in associates applying the equity method                                     –                     –


        Amounts due from associates (Note)                                              32,503               129,959

        Note: The amount represents amount due from Jinxin International Medical Services Company Limited (2021:
              Jinxin International Medical Services Company Limited and Chengdu Jinxin Aijian International Hospital
              Management Co., Ltd (“Jinxin Aijian”)), which is the associate of the Company. The amount is unsecured,
              interest free, and repayable on demand. In the opinion of the management, the Group will not demand for
              repayment within the next twelve months from the end of the reporting period and the amounts are therefore
              shown as non-current.




                                                                   Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           Details of each of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                    Country of        Principal
                                    incorporation/    place of     Proportion of ownership Proportion of voting rights Principal
           Name of entities         registration      business    interest held by the Group   held by the Group       activity
                                                                         2022          2021       2022          2021


           Mengmei Life Pty. Limited Cayman Islands   U.S.A.             28%          28%         28%           28%      Assisted
            (“Mengmei”)                                                                        (Note i)      (Note i)    reproduction
                                                                                                                         agency

           KangSeed Technology      Cayman Islands    China           5.788%       16.39%       5.788%        16.39%     Assisted
             Limited (“KangSeed”)                                                              (Note ii)     (Note ii)   reproduction
                                                                                                                         services

           Jinxin International     Cayman Islands    U.S.A.             49%          49%          49%           49%     Assisted
              Medical Service                                                                                            reproduction
              Company Limited                                                                                            agency

           Jinxin Aijian            China             China              N/A          10%          N/A          10%      Andrology
                                                                                              (Note iii)    (Note iii)   medical
                                                                                                                         services

           Notes:

           i.     On 21 July 2020, the Group acquired 35,000,000 preferred shares with a substantive redemption feature
                  of Mengmei at a consideration of US$13,366,000 (equivalent to RMB87,210,000). The Group fully paid the
                  consideration during the year ended 31 December 2020. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over
                  Mengmei because it has the power to appoint two out of four directors of Mengmei under its articles of association.
                  The preferred shares with a substantive redemption feature held by the Group are not accounted for as part of
                  the Group’s investment for applying the equity method because the ordinary shares of Mengmei do not have an
                  equivalent feature of preferred shares. Financial interests in Mengmei that do not qualify as part of the Group’s
                  investment for applying the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Therefore, the
                  interest in Mengmei is measured at FVTPL. The fair value of the Group’s interest in Mengmei as at 31 December
                  2022 was US$14,187,000 (equivalent to RMB98,808,000) (2021: US$14,187,000 (equivalent to RMB90,453,000)) of
                  which the fair value hierarchy is classified as Level 3.




202   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   ii.    On 23 September 2020, the Group acquired 5,564,997 preferred shares with a capital injection feature of
          KangSeed at a consideration of US$10,060,000 (equivalent to RMB65,641,000). The Group paid US$3,000,000
          (equivalent to RMB19,575,000) during the year ended 31 December 2020. On 31 December 2022, the Group
          discharged its obligation of the unpaid consideration at its discretion given the payment conditions has not been
          fulfilled by KangSeed and 3,905,455 preferred shares were forfeited accordingly and a gain of RMB36,310,000
          was recognised in profit or loss. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over KangSeed because it
          has the power to appoint one out of seven directors of KangSeed under its articles of association. The preferred
          shares with a substantive redemption feature held by the Group were not accounted for as part of the Group’s
          investment for applying the equity method because the ordinary shares of KangSeed do not have an equivalent
          feature of preferred shares. Financial interests in KangSeed that do not qualify as part of the Group’s investment
          for applying the equity method should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Therefore, the interest in
          KangSeed is measured at FVTPL. The fair value of the Group’s interest in KangSeed as at 31 December 2022 was
          US$996,000 (equivalent to RMB6,935,000) (2021: US$12,466,000 (equivalent to RMB79,477,000)) of which the fair
          value hierarchy is classified as Level 3.

   iii.   Although the Group held 10% of the issued share capital of Jinxin Aijian, the Group is able to exercise significant
          influence over Jinxin Aijian because the Group’s executive director and co-chief executive officer Ms. Lyu Rong is
          one of the three directors of Jinxin Aijian. On 29 December 2022, the Group dispose the 10% of the issued share
          capital of Jinxin Aijian at nil consideration to Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a
          subsidiary of Chengdu Jinxin Investment.


   No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in associates which are measured using
   the equity method or at fair value is disclosed as the associates are immaterial.

24. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI
   The balance represents the 1,402,500 units in HRC-Hainan Holding Company, LLC (“Hainan Project”)
   held by HRC Management, representing a 24.95% interests in Hainan Project which invests an IVF
   center in Hainan, the PRC. The Directors have elected to designate this unlisted investment in equity
   instrument as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in this unlisted
   investment’s fair value on profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding
   this unlisted investment for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run.
   The Group does not have the power to direct the relevant activities of Hainan Project as such power
   is designated to another shareholder who is also the sole manager (equivalent to a director in a
   corporation) nor have joint control over or the right to participate in the financial and operating policy
   decisions over Hainan Project under the shareholders’ agreement.

   The equity instrument at FVTOCI has been disposed by the Group on 19 August 2022 at a cash
   consideration of US$1,079,000 (equivalent to RMB7,289,000). During the year ended 31 December
   2022, the amount of RMB1,930,000 of fair value gain was recognised in other comprehensive income
   (2021: fair value loss of RMB3,891,000).




                                                                       Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


           At 1 January 2021                                                                                                   –
           Purchase                                                                                                      149,244
           Gains on fair value change                                                                                     30,026
           Exchange realignment                                                                                           (1,523)


           At 31 December 2021                                                                                           177,747
           Loss on fair value change                                                                                      (5,526)
           Disposal                                                                                                     (127,320)
           Exchange realignment                                                                                            8,338
           Derecognised upon acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 40)                                                       (53,239)


           At 31 December 2022                                                                                                    –

           Note: During the year ended 31 December 2021, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility acquired 10% equity interests in Guangdong
                 Kangzhi, which holds 51% equity interests in each of Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital, at
                 a consideration of RMB37,740,000. In addition, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Jinxin Fertility
                 Group (BVI) Company Limited, subscribed 15% limited partnership interest in 天津濱海遠欣股權投資中心 (有限合
                 夥)(Tianjin Binhai Yuanxin Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership), “Binhai Yuanxin”) at a total consideration
                 of approximately US$17,250,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB111,504,000). Binhai Yuanxin indirectly holds
                 89.9663% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi Hospital and 99.9625% equity interests in each of Guangzhou
                 Yunzhicai and Guangzhou Hejia. Guangzhou Yunzhicai holds 49% equity interests in Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital, and
                 Guangzhou Hejia holds 49% of equity interests in Kunming Hewanjia Hospital. Accordingly, the Group was entitled
                 to approximately 19.33% economic interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital.

                 On 9 June 2022, Jinxin Fertility Group (BVI) Company Limited, disposed 15% limited partnership interest in
                 Binhai Yuanxin at total consideration of RMB127,320,000, representing cash consideration of US$16,290,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB108,838,000) and discharged of residual payables of US$2,307,000 (equivalent
                 to approximately RMB18,482,000).

                 On 13 July 2022, the Group acquired additional 90% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi, 89.7959% equity
                 interests in Guangzhou Yunzhicai and 89.7959% equity interests in Guangzhou Hejia at a total consideration of
                 RMB954,125,000. Upon completion, the Group (i) owns 100% equity interests in Guangdong Kangzhi, 89.7959%
                 equity interests in Guangzhou Yunzhicai and 89.7959% equity interests in Guangzhou Hejia, respectively.

                 As part of the acquisition, Jinrun Fude, a 100% owned structured entity of the Group, entered into a capital
                 injection agreement with each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital to subscribe for
                 30% equity interests, therefore diluting (i) Guangdong Kangzhi’s and Guangzhou Yunzhicai’s interests in
                 Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital to 35.7% and 34.3%, respectively, and (ii) Guangdong Kangzhi’s and Guangzhou
                 Hejia’s interests in Kunming Hewanjia Hospital to 35.7% and 34.3%, respectively. Consequently, the Group
                 ultimately controls 66.5% equity interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital
                 through Guangdong Kangzhi, Guangzhou Yunzhicai and Guangzhou Hejia, and controls 30% equity interests in
                 each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital through Jinrun Fude by virtue of contractual
                 arrangements. As such, the Group is entitled to approximately 96.5% economic interests in each of Yunnan
                 Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital. Particulars regarding the acquisition is disclosed in Note 40.




204   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




26. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                        2022                   2021
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


  Cost of interest in a joint venture                                                    3,500                  3,500
  Capital injection*                                                                    25,000                      –
  Share of result of a joint venture                                                    (3,246)                (3,290)


                                                                                        25,254                    210


  Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                             Country of     Principal         Proportion of        Proportion of voting
                             incorporation/ place of        ownership interest      rights held by the     Principal
  Name of entity             registration   business        held by the Group             Group            activity
                                                               2022       2021         2022        2021


  成都錦欣尚輝企業管理                 China             China            50%         50%        50%         50%     Information
   有限公司                                                                                (***)       (***)   marketing
   Chengdu Jinxin
   Shanghui Enterprise
   Management Co.,Ltd
   (“Jinxin Shanghui”)**

  Notes:

  *     On 24 June 2022, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and Chengdu Jinxin Investment each made RMB25,000,000 cash
        injection to Jinxin Shanghui.

  **    English name is for identification only.

  ***   Jinxin Shanghui is owned by Sichuan Jinxin Fertility and Chengdu Jinxin Investment with equity interests of 50%
        and 50%, respectively.


  No summarised financial information in respect of the interest in a joint venture is disclosed as the
  joint venture is immaterial.

27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                        2022                   2021
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


  Pharmaceutical products                                                               26,170                 10,378
  Consumables and others                                                                36,375                 36,429


                                                                                        62,545                 46,807




                                                                   Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      28. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


           Accounts receivables                                                                      83,319                 64,330
           Other receivables and prepayment:
             Prepayments on acquisitions of equity interests (Note i)                               153,082                 19,127
             Prepayments to a director of a subsidiary (Note ii)                                     37,587                      –
             Prepayments to suppliers                                                                83,133                 79,408
             Interest receivables                                                                       383                  2,644
             Loan receivables (Note iii)                                                             27,187                 23,153
             Others                                                                                  14,194                 18,514


                                                                                                    398,885               207,176


           Less: Loan receivable classified as non-current assets (Note iii)                          6,699                 17,074
                 Prepayments classified as non-current assets                                       203,506                 47,417


           Accounts and other receivables classified as current assets                              188,680               142,685

           Notes:

           i.     The amount mainly represents an investment agreement entered in December 2022 between the Group and
                  Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd, which is the holding company of Jinxin Aijian, and
                  mutually agreed to transfer the amounts due from Jinxin Aijian amounting to RMB132,188,000 as the prepayment to
                  future equity investment in Chengdu Jincheng Hongda Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.

           ii.    With effect from 1 December 2022 to 30 November 2025, a director of Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital is entitled to
                  an aggregate remuneration of HK$43,300,000 (equivalent to RMB38,661,000).

           iii.   The amount represent US$962,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,699,000) (2021: US$953,000 (equivalent
                  to approximately RMB6,079,000)) loan receivable from IVF Universal, LLC, a supplier to the Group, and
                  US$2,942,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB20,488,000) (2021: US$2,678,000 (equivalent to approximately
                  RMB17,074,000)) loan receivable from a shareholder of an associate. These amounts are unsecured and
                  interest-free. The loan receivable from a supplier is expected to collect in 2024 (2021: the loan receivable from a
                  shareholder of an associate is expected to collect in 2023) and is therefore classified as non-current assets in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 1 January 2021, accounts receivables amounted to RMB11,289,000.

           The individual customers of Chengdu Xinan Hospital, Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, Wuhan Jinxin
           Hospital, Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Ltd (“HK ARC”), Hong Kong Reproductive
           Health Centre Ltd (“HK RHC”), Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, Yunan Jiuzhou Hospital and
           Kunming Hewanjia Hospital would usually settle payments by cash, credit cards, debit cards or
           governments’ social insurance schemes. Payments by governments’ social insurance schemes will
           normally be settled by the local social insurance bureau and similar government departments which
           are responsible for the reimbursement of medical expenses for patients who are covered by the
           government medical insurance schemes from 30 to 90 days from the transaction date.




206   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




28. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The individual customers of HRC Management Group would usually settle by cash or payments
   through insurance schemes. Payments by insurance schemes will normally be settled by commercial
   insurance companies from 60 to 365 days from the transaction date.

   The corporate customers of Chengdu Xinan Hospital and Jinxin Women and Children Hospital usually
   settle by cash and the payment terms are normally from 60 to 180 days from the transaction date.

   The Directors are of the view that there have been no significant increase in credit risk of default
   because the amounts are from local social insurance bureau, similar government departments or
   insurance companies with good credit rating and continuous repayment.

   The accounts receivables are assessed individually for impairment allowance based on the Group’s
   historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
   economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forward-looking information
   at the reporting date. The Directors considered that the ECL for accounts receivables is insignificant
   as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

   In determining the recoverability of accounts receivables, the management of the Group considers
   any change in the credit quality of the accounts receivables from the date credit was initially granted
   up to the end of the reporting period.

   The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, presented based on the invoice date at the
   end of each reporting period.

                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


   Within 90 days                                                                46,768               47,873
   91 to 180 days                                                                22,496               12,360
   Over 180 days                                                                 14,055                4,097


                                                                                 83,319               64,330


   The Directors closely monitor the credit quality of accounts and other receivables and consider the
   debts are of a good credit quality.

   Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables are set out in Note 46.




                                                            Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES
           (a) Amounts due from related parties
                                                                               2022      2021
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


                 Trade in nature
                 Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital       62,773    93,738
                   (Notes i & ii)*
                 成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司                                              42,849    41,677
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.)
                   (Notes i & iii)*
                 HRC Medical (Note iv)                                       36,914   106,644
                 成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                    46         –
                   (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
                   (Note v)*
                 四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                  12         –
                   (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd.)
                   (Notes i & ii)*
                 成都喜馬拉雅藏醫醫院有限公司                                                   9        26
                   (Chengdu Himalayan Tibetan Medical Hospital Co., Ltd.)
                   (Notes i & ii)*
                 Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates          39,242    10,312
                   (Notes i & ii)


                                                                            181,845   252,397




208   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
                                                                         2022                   2021
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


       Non-trade in nature
       Loan receivable:
         成都錦霖企業管理有限公司                                                      28,368               29,587
           (Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management Co., Ltd)
           (Notes i & vi)*
         Chengdu Jinxin Investment                                              –               91,398
         成都錦薈科技有限公司                                                             –               52,136
           (Chengdu Jinhui Technology Co., Ltd) (Note vii)*
       Other receivables:
         KangSeed (Note viii)                                                   –               10,338
         成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司                                                         –                9,596
           (Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd)
           (Notes i & ii)*
         北京錦醫科技有限公司                                                             –                3,000
           (Beijing Jinyi Technology Co., Ltd) (Note v)*
         成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                           –                2,102
           (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd)
           (Note v)*
         Jinxin Medical Innovation Research Center (Note vii)                   –                1,058
         Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates                 1,125               31,315
           (Notes i & ii)


                                                                           29,493              230,530


       Total                                                           211,338                 482,927


       Analysed as:
         Current                                                       211,338                 420,453
         Non-current**                                                       –                  62,474


                                                                       211,338                 482,927




                                                      Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (a) Amounts due from related parties (Continued)
                 Notes:

                 *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                         directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

                 **      The amounts due from KangSeed (2021: the amounts due from Chengdu Jinhui Technology Co., Ltd and
                         KangSeed) are classified as non-current. These amounts are non-trade in nature.

                 (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
                         Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (ii)    The balances were all aged within 365 days (2021: 180 days) at the end of the reporting period.

                 (iii)   The amount represents receivable from Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd. in relation to
                         management services provided in accordance with the IVF specialty collaboration agreements. The Group
                         allows a credit period of within 365 days to Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Management Co., Ltd.

                 (iv)    The related party is jointly controlled by certain shareholders of HRC Investment. The amount represents
                         receivables from HRC Medical in relation to management services provided in accordance with the MSA.
                         The amount is unsecured and interest-free. The trade balance at 31 December 2022 based on invoice date
                         is aged within 90 days (2021: 30 days) and not past due nor impaired.

                 (v)     The entity is the joint venture or a subsidiary of joint venture of the Company. The amount was unsecured,
                         interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (vi)    The amount of RMB28,368,000 (2021: RMB29,587,000) due from Chengdu Jinlin Enterprise Management
                         Co., Ltd. is unsecured, interest-free, and repayable on demand after six months from the date of loan
                         agreement on 20 April 2021.

                 (vii)   As a subsidiary of Chengdu Jinxin Investment, the company was acquired by the Group in January 2022 and
                         ceased to be the related party to the Group.

                 (viii) The related party is an associate of the Company. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
                        demand.


                 Details of impairment assessment of amounts due from related parties are set out in Note 46.




210   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   (b) Amounts due to related parties
                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


      Trade in nature
      Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital                     1,485                   334
        (Note i)*
      成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                              1,471                      –
        (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
        (Note ii)*
      四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                             542                    780
        (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd) (Note i)*
      Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates (Note i)              15,610                 8111


                                                                               19,108                9,225


      Non-trade in nature
      Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital                     5,426               24,059
        (Notes i & iii)
      四川省邁可多醫療用品有限公司                                                            3,510                3,000
        (Sichuan Mocodo Medical Products Co., Ltd)
        (Notes i & iii)*
      成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                                                              3,003                      –
        (Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
        (Note ii)*
      KangSeed (Note iv)                                                            –               45,012
      Dr. Chan Chi Wai (Note v)                                                     –               17,910
      Prof. Tham Chee Yung (Note v)                                                 –                1,236
      Ms. Chan Ying Chi (Note v)                                                    –                  570
      Dr. Yu Congyi (Note v)                                                        –                  475
      Chengdu Jinxin Investment and its other affiliates                       16,481              313,652
        (Notes i & iii)*


                                                                               28,420              405,914


      Total                                                                    47,528              415,139




                                                          Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           (b) Amounts due to related parties (Continued)
                 Notes:

                 *       The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                         directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

                 (i)     These related parties and Chengdu Jinxin Investment have the same beneficial shareholders with the
                         Company. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (ii)    The entity is a subsidiary of the Company’s joint venture. The amount was unsecured, interest-free and
                         repayable on demand.

                 (iii)   The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                 (iv)    The related party is an associate of the Company. The amount represents the consideration payable upon
                         acquisition of the associate.

                 (v)     The related parties are shareholders of a subsidiary. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and
                         repayable on demand.


                 The following is an aged analysis of amounts due to related parties which are trade in nature
                 presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                      2022                  2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


                 Within 90 days                                                                        7,067                 8,585
                 91 to 180 days                                                                       11,993                   640
                 Over 180 days                                                                            48                     –


                                                                                                      19,108                 9,225




212   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




30. LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company entered into a life insurance policy with
   an insurance company, HSBC Life (International) Limited, to insure Dr. Chan Chi Wai, a doctor
   and director of HK ARC and HK RHC. Under the policy, the Company is the beneficiary and policy
   holder and the total insured sum is US$10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB69,646,000).
   The Company is required to pay an upfront deposit of US$3,367,000 (equivalent to approximately
   RMB23,451,000). The Company can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on
   the account value (“Account Value”) of the policy at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by
   the upfront payment plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
   and policy expense charge. In addition, if the withdrawal is made between the first to eighteenth
   policy years, there is a specified amount of surrender charge deducted from the Account Value.
   The insurance company will pay the Company a guaranteed interest of 4.25% for the first year and
   a variable return per annum afterwards (with minimum guaranteed interest rate of 2% per annum)
   during the effective period of the policy. The Company does not have intention to terminate the
   insurance within twelve months after the end of the reporting period and therefore the insurance is
   classified as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.

   The life insurance policy is measured at the value quoted by the insurance company at end of each
   reporting period. The net loss on the life insurance policy are recognised in profit or loss.

31. TIME DEPOSITS
   During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group entered into several deposit
   placements with banks in the PRC, Hong Kong and Macau. The banks guaranteed 100% of the
   invested principal amount and fixed interest rate of 0.01% to 4.82% per annum (2021: 0.03% to 2.8%
   per annum). The contracts are with maturity within 90 days as specified in the agreement (2021: on or
   before 14 July 2022 or 90 days as specified in the agreement).

   Details of impairment assessment of time deposits are set out in Note 46.

32. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
   The balances represent wealth management products issued by financial institutions subscribed
   by the Group with no guaranteed principal and return, while the total expected return is up to 4.3%
   per annum for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: up to 3.85% per annum) depending on the
   performance of the underlying financial investments or the change in the interest rate as specified in
   the relevant deposits placement. The wealth management products are with a maturity period of 180
   days to 182 days, or can be redeemable on demand (2021: a maturity period of 35 days to 98 days,
   or can be redeemable on demand).

   The wealth management products are classified as other financial assets at FVTPL on initial
   recognition as they contain embedded derivatives. The Directors consider the fair values of the
   wealth management products approximate to their carrying values at the end of the reporting period.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      33. BANK BALANCES AND CASH/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
           Bank balances carried interest at market rates which range from 0.01% to 1.65% per annum as at 31
           December 2022 (2021: from 0.01% to 0.39% per annum).

           The pledged bank deposits, which amounting to RMB180,000,000 as at 31 December 2021, have
           been pledged to secure a long-term bank borrowing, carry fixed interest rate of 2.175%, and are
           therefore classified as non-current assets as at 31 December 2021. The pledged bank deposits have
           been released upon the settlement of the relevant bank borrowing on 15 July 2022.

           Details of impairment assessment of bank balances and pledged bank deposits are set out in Note
           46.

      34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


           Accounts payables                                                     217,723           147,357


           Other payables:
             Consideration payable for Shenzhen Hengyu                            37,234                 –
             Consideration payable for acquisition of a subsidiary
                (Note 40)                                                         33,670                 –
             Construction payables                                                86,435             5,923
             Loan payables (Note i)                                              290,488                 –
             Dividend payables                                                    10,504                 –
             Refundable customers’ deposits                                      100,734            93,992
             Accrued employee expenses (including social insurances
                and housing fund contributions)                                  159,052           138,606
             Value-added tax and other tax payables                               28,282            17,986
             Deferred income (Note ii)                                            10,081             4,140
             Interest payables                                                    12,075             1,214
             Consideration payable for investment in financial assets
                at FVTPL                                                               –            18,482
             Others                                                               30,562            17,818


                                                                                 799,117           298,161


           Total accounts and other payables                                   1,016,840           445,518


           Less: Loan payables as non-current liabilities (Note i)               (99,911)                –


           Total accounts and other payables as current liabilities              916,929           445,518




214   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




34. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (i)    The amounts represent unsecured, interest-free loan payables to the former shareholders of Shenzhen Hengyu.
          Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement entered into on 4 February 2022, certain consideration is payable by the
          Group to the former shareholders upon completion of certain construction milestones, which is due to be settled for
          over one year. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2022, the amount of RMB99,911,000 is expected to be paid after
          one year and is therefore classified as non-current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

   (ii)   The amount mainly represents government grants received for research and development projects but with
          conditions not yet fulfilled.


   The credit period of accounts payables is from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

   The following is an aged analysis of accounts payables presented based on the invoice date at the
   end of the reporting period.

                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


   Within 90 days                                                                           151,802               139,017
   91 to 180 days                                                                            16,954                 6,539
   181 to 365 days                                                                           35,526                   168
   Over 365 days                                                                             13,441                 1,633


                                                                                            217,723               147,357


35. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


   Lease liabilities payable:
   Within one year                                                                           63,256                 62,180
   Within a period of more than one year
     but not more than two years                                                             63,832                 79,580
   Within a period of more than two years
     but not more than five years                                                           188,556               160,540
   Within a period of more than five years                                                  123,598               130,774


                                                                                            439,242               433,074
   Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
           shown under current liabilities                                                  (63,256)               (62,180)


   Amount due for settlement after 12 months
    shown under non-current liabilities                                                     375,986               370,894




                                                                       Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
           The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.45% (2021: 4.66%).

           As at 31 December 2022, RMB141,058,000 of lease liabilities payable is related to the lease entered
           with related parties (2021: RMB148,729,000).

      36. DEFERRED TAXATION
                                                                               Fair value
                                                                             adjustment
                                                            Accelerated     arising from
                                                                     tax   acquisition of
                                                            depreciation    subsidiaries       Tax losses         Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


           At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                 5,735          785,609                  –      791,344
           Arising on acquisitions of subsidiaries
             (Note 40)                                                –          213,841                –        213,841
           Charged (credit) during the year (Note 11)               661           17,280           (7,020)        10,921
           Exchange realignment                                       –          (11,785)               –        (11,785)


           At 31 December 2021                                    6,396        1,004,945           (7,020)     1,004,321
           Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary
             (Note 40)                                                –           96,325           (4,242)        92,083
           (Credit) charged during the year (Note 11)              (357)          15,830          (75,341)       (59,868)
           Exchange realignment                                       –           63,224           (1,913)        61,311


           At 31 December 2022                                    6,039        1,180,324          (88,516)     1,097,847


           The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


           Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (1,186,363)       (1,011,341)
           Deferred tax assets                                                                  88,516             7,020


                                                                                            (1,097,847)       (1,004,321)




216   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. BANK BORROWING
                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


  Bank borrowing, guaranteed                                              2,089,296                 163,746


  The carrying amounts of the above borrowing are repayable:

  Within one year                                                               18,618               37,746
  Within a period of more than one year
   but not exceeding two years                                              714,020                  54,000
  Within a period of more than two years
   but not exceeding three years                                          1,356,658                  72,000


                                                                          2,089,296                 163,746


  The bank borrowing amounting to RMB163,746,000 as at 31 December 2021 carries fixed interest
  rate which is determined at loan prime rate less 0.33% per annum upon drawdown of the bank
  borrowing and is secured by pledged bank deposits (Note 33). The bank borrowing has been settled
  on 15 July 2022.

  On 28 December 2021, the Company obtained syndicated bank facility amounted to US$300,000,000
  (equivalent to approximately RMB2,070,678,000) which is guaranteed by the Company’s subsidiaries.
  Credit Suisse AG, Singapore branch, incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability, and China
  CITIC Bank International Limited act as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners of the syndicated
  bank facility. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company drew down the bank facility
  to its full amount. The loans carry interest at variable market rates of London Inter-bank Offered Rate
  (“LIBOR”) plus a fixed interest of 2.2% and are repayable by installments of 15%, 20% and 65% of
  the principal upon 24, 30 and 36 months of the utilisation date.

  As at 31 December 2022, the bank borrowing amounting to RMB10,000,000 carries fixed interest
  rate of 3.5% per annum and is repayable on 13 December 2023. The bank borrowing amounting to
  RMB8,618,000 carries fixed interest rate of 3.6% and is repayable on 24 October 2023. Both bank
  borrowings are guaranteed by 錦欣醫療投資有限公司 (Jinxin Medical Investment Company Ltd), which
  is a subsidiary of the Company.




                                                           Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      38. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
           On 26 November 2021, the Company issued unsecured convertible bonds denominated in HK$ with
           principal amount of HK$1,814,706,000 (equivalent to RMB1,500,000,000) (“Convertible Bonds”).
           The Convertible Bonds are interest bearing at 0.75% per annum on the principal amount of the
           Convertible Bonds with maturity date of 31 March 2023 and entitle the bondholder to convert them,
           in whole or in part (in integral multiples of HK$1,000,000) of the outstanding principal amount of the
           Convertible Bonds, into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of HK$15 per share
           (subject to adjustment rising from alteration of the nominal amount of the shares caused by any
           share consolidation, share subdivision, rights issue or any other reasons as provided in the terms
           and conditions of the Convertible Bonds) at any time during the period commencing from the date
           immediately following the issuance date of the Convertible Bonds up to the maturity date. Interest will
           be payable by the Company on the maturity date and no interest shall be payable by the Company in
           respect of the Convertible Bonds which have been converted in conversion shares. Unless previously
           converted or purchased and cancelled, the Company shall redeem the Convertible Bonds at 100%
           of its principal amount together with the accrued interest (calculated up to and including the date of
           redemption) by payment to the bondholder on the maturity date.

           At any time after the occurrence of a Triggering Event as defined below, the Company may, at its
           discretion, convert the whole or any part in integral multiples of HK$1,000,000 of the outstanding
           principal amount of the Convertible Bonds into shares at a conversion price of HK$15. A “Triggering
           Event” means the average of the closing prices per share for (i) any sixty consecutive trading days
           for the shares before maturity date (the “Relevant Period”), during which the daily trading volume
           of the shares shall be no less than 0.2% of the total number of shares in issue; and (ii) the last ten
           consecutive trading days before the end of the Relevant Period is equal to or greater than HK$15.

           The Convertible Bonds contain two components: debt component and derivative component.
           The Directors consider the value of derivative component (including the conversion options) of
           the Convertible Bonds to be insignificant as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 given
           the mechanism of above early conversion right is intended to be exercised by the Company
           once the Triggering Event has occurred. The Convertible Bonds are considered to be deferred
           consideration payment in substance and discounted to its present value on initial recognition. The
           derivative component is considered to be immaterial. On initial recognition, the debt component is
           recognised at fair value and the fair value of the debt component is HK$1,825,537,000 (equivalent to
           approximately RMB1,496,941,000), measured at market price.




218   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




38. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
   The movements of the Convertible Bonds for the year are set out as below:

                                                                                                 Convertible
                                                                                                     bonds
                                                                                                   RMB’000


   At 1 January 2021                                                                                       –
   Issued during the year, net of transaction costs                                                1,496,941
   Interest on the Convertible Bonds                                                                     379
   Exchange realignment                                                                               (4,388)


   At 1 January 2022                                                                               1,492,932
   Interest on the Convertible Bonds                                                                   4,710
   Exchange realignment                                                                              138,417


   At 31 December 2022                                                                             1,636,059


39. SHARE CAPITAL
   The movements in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital during the period are as follows:

                                                           Number
                                                          of shares     Share capital          Share capital
                                                                                US$                RMB’000


   Ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each
   Authorised:
     At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021
       and 31 December 2022                           5,000,000,000               50,000                   345


   Issued:
     At 1 January 2021                                2,429,501,802               24,295                   160
     Shares cancelled (Note i)                           (1,918,000)                 (19)                    *
     Issue of shares (Note ii)                           80,000,000                  800                     5


       At 31 December 2021                            2,507,583,802               25,076                   165


       Shares cancelled (Note i)                        (5,731,000)                 (57)                      *
       Issue of shares (Note iii)                       15,000,000                  150                       1


       At 31 December 2022                            2,516,852,802               25,169                   166

   *     The amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                             Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      39. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
           Notes:

           (i)     The 1,918,000 ordinary shares, which were repurchased in September 2020 at an aggregation consideration of
                   HK$18,726,000 (equivalent to RMB16,472,000), were cancelled in March 2021.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock
                   Exchange as follows:

                                                            No. of        Price per share
                   Month of repurchase            ordinary shares        Highest       Lowest     Aggregate consideration paid
                                                                            HK$           HK$


                   December                              5,731,000           8.93          8.53                   HK$50,140,147
                                                                                                   (equivalent to RMB40,953,000)


                   The above ordinary shares were cancelled in March 2022.

                   None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during
                   the reporting period.

           (ii)    On 9 February 2021, 80,000,000 ordinary shares have been issued by the Company through a private placement
                   arrangement at the price of HK$15.85 per share. Proceeds amounted to US$800 (equivalent to approximately
                   RMB5,000) represent the par value of the share issued were credited to the share capital of the Company, the
                   remaining proceeds of RMB1,055,605,000 were credited to the share premium.

           (iii)   On 18 July 2022, 15,000,000 ordinary shares have been issued by the Company to a director of Shenzhen
                   Zhongshan Hospital, through a subscription agreement at the price HK$6.50 per share. Proceeds amounting to
                   US$150 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,000) represent the par value of the share issued were credited to the
                   share capital of the Company, the remaining proceeds net of transaction costs of RMB82,962,000 were credited
                   to the share premium. For details of the transaction, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 7 June
                   2022.


      40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
           a.      Acquisition of Kunming Group
                   As disclosed in Note 25, the Group acquired an effective interest of 91.4% in Kunming Group
                   during the year. Therefore, the Group derecognised its 5.1% interest in Kunming Group which
                   was previously classified as financial assets at FVTPL in 2021 and recognised a business
                   acquisition during the current year. Kunming Group is principally engaged in the assisted
                   reproductive services and ancillary medical services and it was acquired to continue the
                   expansion of the Group’s assisted reproductive services and ancillary medical services
                   business. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the
                   acquisition method.




220   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   a.   Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
                                                                                                RMB’000


        Consideration
        Cash transferred                                                                          920,455
        Derecognised of financial assets at FVTPL upon acquisition of a subsidiary
         (Note 25)                                                                                 53,239
        Consideration payable (Note 34)                                                            33,670


        Total                                                                                  1,007,364


        Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition
                                                                                                RMB’000


        Property, plant and equipment                                                              19,491
        Trademark                                                                                 309,096
        Deferred tax assets                                                                         4,242
        License                                                                                   333,070
        Inventories                                                                                 8,502
        Accounts and other receivables                                                             18,348
        Other financial asset at FVTPL                                                             19,034
        Bank balances and cash                                                                     12,083
        Accounts and other payables                                                               (43,658)
        Amounts due to the Group                                                                  (18,837)
        Amounts due to related parties                                                             (9,100)
        Tax payables                                                                                 (100)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (96,325)


        Total                                                                                     555,846


        The fair value of accounts and other receivable is RMB18,348,000 and includes accounts
        receivables with a fair value of RMB526,000. The gross contractual amount for accounts and
        other receivable due is RMB18,348,000.




                                                          Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           a.    Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
                 Non-controlling interests
                 The non-controlling interests (3.5%) in Kungming Group recognised at the acquisition date
                 was measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of
                 Kunming Group and amounted to RMB19,455,000.

                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Goodwill arising on acquisition
                 Consideration                                                                        1,007,364
                 Plus: non-controlling interests (3.5% in Kunming Group)                                 19,455
                 Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                       (555,846)


                 Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                      470,973


                 Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Kunming Group because the cost of the acquisition
                 included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the acquisition effectively
                 included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth, future
                 market development and the assembled workforce of Kunming Group. These benefits are not
                 recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
                 identifiable intangible assets.

                 None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                 Net cash outflow on acquisition of Kunming Group
                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Cash consideration paid                                                                920,455
                 Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                       (12,083)


                                                                                                        908,372


                 Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
                 Included in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 is loss attributable to the additional
                 business generated by Kunming Group amounted RMB10,164,000. Revenue for the year ended
                 31 December 2022 includes RMB92,425,000 generated from Kunming Group.




222   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   a.   Acquisition of Kunming Group (Continued)
        Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group (Continued)
        Had the acquisition of Kunming Group been completed on 1 January 2022, the profit for the year
        ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB86,483,000 and the total revenue of the Group
        for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB2,506,840,000. The pro forma
        information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and
        results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition
        been completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

        In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Kunming Group been
        acquired at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2022, the Directors calculated
        depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets based on
        the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets at the date of
        the acquisition.

   b.   Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu
        On 25 May 2022, the Group acquired 100% interest in Shenzhen Hengyu at a cash
        consideration of RMB37,234,000. Shenzhen Hengyu owns an industrial research and
        development building located in Shenzhen which is now under construction.

        The Group elected to apply the optional concentration test in accordance with IFRS 3 “Business
        Combinations”. Consequently, the Group determined that substantially all of the fair value of the
        gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) acquired is concentrated in the industrial
        research and development building and concluded that the acquired set of activities and assets
        is not a business.

        Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition
                                                                                                 RMB’000


        Property, plant and equipment                                                           1,376,666
        Right-of-use assets                                                                       172,719
        Accounts and other receivables                                                                800
        Tax recoverable                                                                            30,360
        Bank balances and cash                                                                     27,360
        Loan payables                                                                            (482,405)
        Construction payables                                                                    (898,055)
        Bank borrowings                                                                          (190,211)


        Total                                                                                       37,234




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           b.    Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu (Continued)
                 Net cash outflow on acquisition of Shenzhen Hengyu
                                                                                                                      RMB’000


                 Cash consideration paid                                                                                     –
                 Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      (27,360)


                                                                                                                       (27,360)


           c.    Acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group
                 On 26 November 2021, the Group has completed the acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group
                 from Jinxin Hospital Management (Cayman) Company Limited, a related party to the Group.
                 Jinxin Medical Group are principally engaged in the provision of obstetrics, gynecology and
                 paediatrics medical services including, but not limited to, provision of integrated management
                 services and sales of medicines, consumables and equipment to obstetrics, gynecology and
                 IVF institutions. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the
                 acquisition method.

                                                                                                                      RMB’000


                 Consideration
                 Cash transferred                                                                                    1,197,482
                 Issuance of convertible bonds (Note 38)                                                             1,496,941
                 Contingent consideration arrangement (Note)                                                                 –
                 Consideration payable (Note 29)                                                                       302,518


                 Total                                                                                               2,996,941

                 Note: Based on the relevant agreement, the vendor shall guarantee to the Company that the net profit after tax of
                       Jinxin Medical Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, as shown in its consolidated financial
                       statements (the “Actual Net Profit”) shall be no less than RMB100,000,000 (the “Guaranteed Net Profit”),
                       failing which the vendor shall compensate the Company with an amount (the “Compensation Amount”) in
                       respect of the shortfall calculated according to the agreement. The Actual Net Profit for Jinxin Medical
                       Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 exceeds the Guaranteed Net Profit. The fair value of
                       Compensation Amount is insignificant as at 26 November 2021 and 31 December 2021.




224   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   c.   Acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group (Continued)
        Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition
                                                                                                  RMB’000


        Property, plant and equipment                                                                46,132
        Right-of-use assets                                                                         129,485
        License                                                                                     477,200
        Trademark                                                                                   863,000
        Inventories                                                                                  16,030
        Accounts and other receivables                                                               51,110
        Amount due from related parties                                                              73,777
        Bank balances and cash                                                                       27,487
        Accounts and other payables                                                                (133,231)
        Amounts due to related parties                                                              (16,177)
        Lease liabilities                                                                          (129,485)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (201,347)
        Non-controlling interests                                                                        21


        Total                                                                                    1,204,002


        The fair value of accounts and other receivable is RMB51,110,000 and includes accounts
        receivables with a fair value of RMB26,675,000. The gross contractual amount for accounts and
        other receivable due is RMB51,110,000.

                                                                                                  RMB’000


        Goodwill arising on acquisition
        Consideration                                                                            2,996,941
        Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired (100%)                                  (1,204,002)


        Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                        1,792,939


        Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group because the Group will be able to
        better serve the needs of IVF families and expand its service offerings to provide its patients
        with a more comprehensive suite of fertility services to improve its competitiveness within the IVF
        industry. On the other hand, cost synergies are achieved as the Group and Jinxin Medical Group
        integrates and aligns their procurement and supply chain costs, share talents and knowledge
        from various medical background, research and development and marketing expenditure. These
        benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition
        criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

        None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                            Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           c.    Acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group (Continued)
                 Net cash outflow on acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group
                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Cash consideration acquired                                                          1,197,482
                 Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                       (27,487)


                                                                                                      1,169,995


                 Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
                 Included in the profit for the year is RMB13,069,000 attributable to the additional business
                 generated by Jinxin Medical Group. Revenue for the year includes RMB59,015,000 generated
                 from Jinxin Medical Group.

                 Had the acquisition of Jinxin Medical Group been completed on 1 January 2021, the profit for
                 the year would have been RMB444,444,000 and the total revenue of the Group for the year
                 ended 31 December 2021 would have been RMB2,282,488,000. The pro forma information
                 is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
                 operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                 completed on 1 January 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

                 In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Jinxin Medical Group been
                 acquired at the beginning of the current year, the Directors calculated depreciation of property,
                 plant and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets based on the recognised amounts of
                 property, plant and equipment and intangible assets at the date of the acquisition.




226   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   d.   Acquisition of Jinxin Women Group
        On 5 September 2021, the Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinxin Fertility Group (HK)
        Limited (“Jinxin HK”), acquired 51% equity interests in Jinxin Women Group from several doctors
        (“Vendors”) who are independent from the Group. Jinxin Women Group are principally engaged
        in the assisted reproductive services and ancillary medical services and they were acquired to
        continue the expansion of the Group’s relevant businesses. The acquisition has been accounted
        for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


        Consideration
        Cash transferred                                                                                             88,675
        Contingent consideration arrangement (Note)                                                                       –


        Total                                                                                                        88,675

        Note: Based on the relevant agreement, the Vendors shall guarantee to Jinxin HK that the average audited revenue
              of Jinxin Women Group for the accounting years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 shall be no less than
              the average revenue as set out in the pro forma consolidated financial statements of Jinxin Women Group
              for the accounting years ended 31 December 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (“Guaranteed Revenue”),
              failing which the Vendors shall compensate Jinxin HK with an amount (the “Compensation Value”) in
              respect of the shortfall calculated according to the agreement. Based on the financial forecasts approved
              by management covering a five-year period, the forecast average revenue for Jinxin Women Group for
              the financial years ended/ending 31 December 2022 and 2023 will exceed the Guaranteed Revenue.
              The revenue for Jinxin Women Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is higher than the
              Guaranteed Revenue and the Directors expect the actual average revenue for the two financial years ended/
              ending 31 December 2022 and ending 31 December 2023 is to be higher than the Guaranteed Revenue.
              The estimated fair value of Compensation Value as at 5 September 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31
              December 2022 are insignificant.

                In addition, the Vendors shall have the option (the “Put Option”) to require Jinxin HK to acquire the 12.25%
                of the entire shareholding interest of Jinxin Women Group then held by the Vendors on a pro rata basis (the
                “Put Option Shares”) with respect to their respective shareholding in the Jinxin Women Group in the years
                2026, 2028, 2030 and 2032. The Vendors shall only be permitted to excise the option in a given option
                year if Jinxin Women Group has achieved the compound annual growth rate of revenue above zero percent
                compared to the average revenue as set out in the pro forma consolidated financial statements of Jinxin
                Women Group for the financial year of 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. In the event that a put option of a
                particular option year is exercisable, and is exercised by the Vendors, but Jinxin HK does not acquire the
                Put Option Shares, the Vendors shall have an option (the “Call Option”) to request Jinxin HK to sell the same
                number of the shares which is subject of such put option exercised then held by Jinxin HK at the call option
                consideration in cash.

                The Directors consider the pricing mechanism of the exercise price of the Put Option is intended to equate
                to its fair market value and the intent of the Put Option is to ensure the Vendors have an exit route in-place
                and will not be disadvantage by selling their remaining interest in review years. The Directors considered
                that their intention is to eventually hold full control of Jinxin Women Group, the probability of Jinxin HK not
                acquiring the shares when the Put Option is exercised is extremely low. Hence, the value of the Put Option
                and Call Option as at 5 September 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 are considered to be
                insignificant.




                                                                        Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           d.    Acquisition of Jinxin Women Group (Continued)
                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition
                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                               947
                 Right-of-use assets                                                                       8,380
                 Non-compete agreement                                                                    20,591
                 Trademark                                                                                54,717
                 Inventories                                                                                 586
                 Accounts and other receivables                                                            2,045
                 Bank balances and cash                                                                   31,510
                 Accounts and other payables                                                              (7,512)
                 Amounts due to related parties                                                          (26,641)
                 Lease liabilities                                                                        (8,380)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (12,494)


                 Total                                                                                   63,749


                 The fair value of accounts and other receivable is RMB2,045,000 and includes accounts
                 receivables with a fair value of RMB649,000. The gross contractual amount for accounts and
                 other receivables due is RMB2,045,000.

                 Non-controlling interests
                 The non-controlling interests (49%) in Jinxin Women Group recognised at the acquisition date
                 was measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of
                 Jinxin Women Group and amounted to RMB31,237,000.

                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 Goodwill arising on acquisition
                 Consideration                                                                            88,675
                 Plus: non-controlling interests (49% in Jinxin Women Group)                              31,237
                 Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                         (63,749)


                 Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                       56,163


                 Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Jinxin Women Group because the cost of the acquisition
                 included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the acquisition effectively
                 included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth, future
                 market development and the assembled workforce of Jinxin Women Group. These benefits are
                 not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
                 identifiable intangible assets.

                 None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


228   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   d.   Acquisition of Jinxin Women Group (Continued)
        Net cash outflow on acquisition of Jinxin Women Group
                                                                                                 RMB’000


        Cash consideration acquired                                                                 88,675
        Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                           (31,510)


                                                                                                    57,165


        Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
        Included in the profit for the year is RMB2,091,000 attributable to the additional business
        generated by Jinxin Women Group. Revenue for the year includes RMB16,670,000 generated
        from Jinxin Women Group.

        Had the acquisition of Jinxin Women Group been completed on 1 January 2021, the profit for the
        year would have been RMB385,673,000 and the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31
        December 2021 would have been RMB1,861,776,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative
        purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the
        Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January
        2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

        In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Jinxin Women Group been
        acquired at the beginning of the current year, the Directors calculated depreciation of property,
        plant and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets based on the recognised amounts of
        property, plant and equipment and intangible assets at the date of the acquisition.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      41. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
           (a) Share Option Scheme
                 The Company’s share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
                 resolution passed on 3 June 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to Directors
                 and eligible employees. The Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of
                 ten years, commencing from 3 June 2019. No share option was in issue pursuant to the Share
                 Option Scheme at the end of the reporting period.

                 The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
                 under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
                 in aggregate exceed 238,081,580 Shares, being 10% (“Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the Shares
                 in issue immediately after the Listing (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and
                 no exercise of any option which may be granted under the Share Option Scheme) unless the
                 Company obtains an approval from its shareholders. Options lapsed in accordance with the
                 terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme
                 Mandate Limit. Moreover, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of
                 all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any
                 other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 30% of the ordinary
                 shares in issue from time to time.

                 No option may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes
                 of the Company if such Scheme Mandate Limited is exceeded.

           (b) RSU Scheme
                 On 15 February 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company approved the RSU Scheme. The
                 purposes of the RSU Scheme are to (i) provide the selected participants of the RSU Scheme (the
                 “Selected Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company;
                 (ii) encourage the grantees to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and our
                 Shares for the benefit of the Company and the shareholders of the Company as a whole; and
                 (iii) provide the Company with a flexible means of either retaining, incentivising, rewarding,
                 remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the Selected Participants. The RSU
                 Scheme commences on the Adoption Date and remains valid and effective unless and until
                 being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten years from such date, unless terminated
                 earlier by a resolution of the board of Directors.

                 The total number of the restricted share units underlying all grants made pursuant to the RSU
                 Scheme shall not exceed in total 1.66% (i.e. 32,981,388 shares) of the Company’s issued share
                 capital as at the Adoption Date (the “RSU Scheme Limit”), provided that no account shall be
                 taken into the calculation of the RSU Scheme Limit of any Shares where the right to acquire such
                 Shares has been released, lapsed or vested in accordance with the RSU Scheme.




230   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




41. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
       A deed of adherence dated 14 February 2019 was entered into between the Company and
       Jinxin Employee Holdings Company Limited (“RSU Scheme’s Nominee”). On 15 February 2019,
       32,981,388 shares were issued to RSU Scheme’s Nominee for and on behalf of the Company.
       As of 31 December 2022, 11,020,797 shares were held by RSU Scheme’s Nominee. The
       above shares held for RSU Scheme were regarded as treasury shares and had been deducted
       from shareholders’ equity as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity under
       “Shares held for RSU Scheme”. As at 31 December 2022, the restricted shares granted to key
       management personnel, eligible employees and doctors of HRC Medical and a consultant of the
       Group are as follows:

                                           Number
                                        of options                                           Fair value at
       RSU granted to                      granted   Grant date          Expiry date           grant date       Vesting period
                                                                                                    (RMB)


       Partner doctor of HRC Medical    3,921,700    15 February 2019    14 February 2029      17,733,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel         9,754,480    15 February 2019    14 February 2029      44,107,000            3–4 years
       Key management personnel         2,141,839    6 January 2020      14 February 2029      20,810,000            1–3 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
          of HRC Medical                5,672,970    6 January 2020      14 February 2029      55,120,000            1–3 years
       Key management personnel         1,779,538    23 July 2020        14 February 2029      18,010,000          5–6 months
       Key management personnel         2,098,932    10 January 2021     14 February 2029      26,591,000     6 months–3 years
       Key management personnel         2,174,179    18 January 2021     14 February 2029      26,038,000          0–5 months
       Key management personnel           500,000    1 June 2021         14 February 2029       8,703,000     8 months–3 years
       Key management personnel           100,000    1 January 2022      14 February 2029         712,000      1 month–2 years
       Eligible employees and doctors
          of HRC Medical                1,393,500    31 January 2022     14 February 2029      11,836,000      1 month–4 years
       Partner doctor of HRC Medical    1,990,710    31 January 2022     14 February 2029      12,639,000            1–5 years
       Key management personnel           100,000    1 March 2022        14 February 2029         721,000    10 months–3 years

       The grantees of the RSU are not required to pay for the grant of any RSU under the RSU Scheme
       or for the exercise of the RSU.

       The Directors used the quoted prices in active market for the RSUs granted on 10 January 2021,
       18 January 2021, 1 June 2021, 1 January 2022, 31 January 2022, and 1 March 2022. The fair
       value of the RSUs granted on 10 January 2021, 18 January 2021, 1 June 2021, 1 January 2022,
       31 January 2022, and 1 March 2022 were assessed to be RMB26,591,000, RMB26,038,000,
       RMB8,703,000, RMB712,000, RMB24,475,000, and RMB721,000 respectively.




                                                                        Annual Report 2022     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      41. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
                 The table below discloses movement of the Company’s RSU granted held by the Selected
                 Participants at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                             Number of Awarded Shares
                                                       Outstanding      Granted        Exercised       Forfeited     Outstanding
                                                       at 1 January   during the      during the      during the at 31 December
                                                               2022         year            year            year            2022


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel              3,251,494            –       (3,251,494)              –               –
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical         2,353,020            –         (784,340)              –       1,568,680
                   Key management personnel              1,337,090            –         (461,192)       (251,665)        624,233
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                        3,784,457            –       (1,846,713)              –       1,937,744
                   Key management personnel              1,986,512            –         (620,593)              –       1,365,919
                   Key management personnel                500,000            –         (125,000)              –         375,000
                   Key management personnel                      –      100,000          (33,333)              –          66,667
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                                –    1,393,500        (139,350)               –       1,254,150
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical                 –    1,990,710               –                –       1,990,710
                   Key management personnel                      –      100,000               –                –         100,000


                                                        13,212,573    3,584,210       (7,262,015)       (251,665)      9,283,103


                                                                             Number of Awarded Shares
                                                       Outstanding      Granted        Exercised       Forfeited     Outstanding
                                                       at 1 January   during the       during the     during the at 31 December
                                                               2021         year             year           year            2021


                 RSU granted to:
                   Key management personnel              6,502,987            –       (3,251,493)              –       3,251,494
                   Partner doctor of HRC Medical         3,137,360            –         (784,340)              –       2,353,020
                   Key management personnel              2,009,350            –         (672,260)              –       1,337,090
                   Eligible employees and doctors of
                      HRC Medical                        5,672,970            –       (1,888,513)              –       3,784,457
                   Key management personnel              1,779,538            –       (1,779,538)              –               –
                   Key management personnel                      –    2,098,932         (112,420)              –       1,986,512
                   Key management personnel                      –    2,174,179       (2,174,179)              –               –
                   Key management personnel                      –      500,000                –               –         500,000


                                                        19,102,205    4,773,111      (10,662,743)              –      13,212,573




232   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




41. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) RSU Scheme (Continued)
        The Group recognised the total expense of RMB33,024,000 for the year ended 31 December
        2022 (2021: RMB76,342,000) in relation to RSU granted by the Company in the current year.

        At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of RSU that
        are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised
        in profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-based payment
        reserve.

42. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and
    equipment contracted for but not provided in the
    consolidated financial statements                                            82,739                5,306


43. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
   The Group participates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF Scheme”) under the Hong
   Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
   of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan
   administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
   each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to
   a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately. The only
   obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF scheme is to make the specified contributions under
   the scheme.

   The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
   operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of
   payroll costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits
   scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits
   scheme is to make the specified contributions under the scheme.

   HRC Management maintains multiple qualified contributory savings plans as allowed under
   Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code in the U.S.A.. These plans are defined contribution
   plans covering substantially all its qualifying employees and provide for voluntary contributions
   by employees, subject to certain limits. The contributions are made by both the employees and
   the employer. The employees’ contributions are primarily based on specified dollar amounts or
   percentages of employee compensation.

   The only obligation of HRC Management with respect to the retirement benefits plans is to make the
   specified contributions under the plans.

   The total costs charged to profit and loss, amounted to RMB66,196,000 for the year ended 31
   December 2022 (2021: RMB32,653,000) representing contributions paid to the retirement benefit
   scheme by the Group.


                                                            Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
           statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions:

                                                                                                               2022        2021
           Name of related Company           Relationship           Nature of transactions                  RMB’000     RMB’000


           Jinjiang District Maternity and   Entity controlled by   Provision of management services by      99,549      80,999
             Child Health Hospital*            Chengdu Jinxin         the Group
                                               Investment
                                                                    Provision of pathological examination        96            1
                                                                      services by the Group

                                                                    Rendering pathological examination        (3,416)     (1,281)
                                                                      services by the related company
                                                                      (Note i)

                                                                    Sales of medicines, consumables          71,616       3,802
                                                                      and equipment by the Group

           四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院有限公司                    Entity controlled by   Provision of pathological examination          –         88
            Jinxin Women and Children          Chengdu Jinxin         services by the Group
            Hospital*                          Investment (Note ii)
                                                                    Rendering pathological examination             –       (297)
                                                                      services by the related company
                                                                      (Note i)

           Chengdu Jinxin Psychiatric        Entity controlled by   Rendering sanitizing and cleaning             (2)     (2,000)
            Hospital Company Limited*          Chengdu Jinxin         services by the related company
                                               Investment             (Note i)

                                                                    Provision of pathological examination       137            3
                                                                      services by the Group

                                                                    Sales of medicines, consumables             141            7
                                                                      and equipment by the Group

           四川程欣物業管理有限公司                      Entity controlled by   Rendering cleaning services by the        (8,186)      (110)
            Sichuan Chengxin Property          Chengdu Jinxin         related company
            Management Company                 Investment
            Limited*




234   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                           2022            2021
   Name of related Company          Relationship           Nature of transactions                       RMB’000         RMB’000


   成都錦欣婦產科醫院有限公司                 Entity controlled by      Rendering pathological examination                (312)           (40)
    Chengdu Jinxin Obstetrics and Chengdu Jinxin             services by the related company
    Gynecology Hospital Limited*   Investment                (Note i)

                                                           Sales of medicines, consumables                  3,476            288
                                                             and equipment by the Group

   成都和雋科技有限公司                       Entity controlled by   Purchase of consumables by the                 (12,134)       (22,380)
    Hejun Technology*                 Chengdu Jinxin         Group

                                                           Rendering storage services by the                    –         (4,089)
                                                             related company

                                                           Rendering labor services                       (10,592)             –

                                                           Sales of medicines, consumables                  8,007              –
                                                             and equipment by the Group

   HRC Medical                      Jointly controlled     Management service income                      326,085       430,473
                                      by certain
                                      shareholders of      PGS Testing income                              21,595          3,310
                                      HRC Investment
                                                           Ambulatory surgery centre facilities             3,462          3,063
                                                            income

   HRC Properties, LLC              Controlled by certain Repayment of lease liability (Note iii)          (2,946)        (1,689)
                                      shareholders of
                                      HRC Investment      Finance costs on lease liability                   (707)          (659)

   Gender Selection Australia Pty   Controlled by a        Marketing expense                               (1,087)          (510)
    Ltd.                              shareholder HRC
                                      investment

   Jinxin Investment Group Limited Entity controlled by    Repayment of lease liability                         –         (3,713)
                                     Jinxin Medical
                                     Investment Group      Finance costs on lease liability                     –           (529)
                                     Limited (Note ii)




                                                                        Annual Report 2022          Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
           statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                              2022      2021
           Name of related Company          Relationship           Nature of transactions                  RMB’000   RMB’000


           成都高新後美醫療美容醫院                     Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables              16         6
            有限公司                              Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu High Tech Houmei          Investment
            Medical Cosmetic Hospital*

           成都高新錦欣艾嘉綜合門診部                    Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables           1,061        74
            有限公司                              Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu Gaoxin Jinxin             Investment
            Aijia General Outpatient
            Department*

           成都錦欣愛囝醫院有限公司                    Entity controlled by    Sales of medicines, consumables          10,437    10,426
            Chengdu Jinxin Aijian Hospital   Chengdu Jinxin          and equipment by the Group
            Co., Ltd*                        Investment
                                                                   Provision of IT services                    151         –

           成都喜馬拉雅藏醫醫院有限公司                   Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables             117        19
            Chengdu Himalayan Tibetan         Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Medical Hospital Co., Ltd.*       Investment

           成都錦欣橘米健康管理有限公司                   Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables              54         3
            Chengdu Jinxin Jumi Health        Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Management Co., Ltd*              Investment
                                                                   Provision of consulting services by           –       143
                                                                     the Group

           成都錦欣老年病醫院有限公司                    Entity controlled by   Provision of pathological examination        24         6
            Chengdu Jinxin Geriatric          Chengdu Jinxin         services by the Group
            Hospital*                         Investment
                                                                   Sales of medicines, consumables               –         1
                                                                     and equipment by the Group

           成都錦欣沙河堡醫院有限                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables              41         5
            責任公司                              Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu Jinxin Shahebao           Investment
            Hospital*                                              Provision of consulting services by           –         2
                                                                     the Group

                                                                   Provision of pathological examination         3         –
                                                                     services



236   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                       2022            2021
   Name of related Company       Relationship           Nature of transactions                      RMB’000         RMB’000


   成都龍泉驛區錦欣慢性病醫院                 Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables                   157             24
    有限公司                           Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
    Chengdu Longquanyi Jinxin      Investment
    Chronic Disease Hospital*                           Provision of pathological Services by               1              1
                                                          the Group

   成都市錦江區龍舟路社區衛生                 Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables                    72              7
    服務中心                           Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
    Chengdu Jinjiang District      Investment
    Longzhou Road Community                             Provision of pathological services by               6              1
    Health Service Center*                                the Group

   Chengdu Jinxin Investment     Entity controlled by  Sales of medicines, consumables                    144              –
                                   成都錦盛企業                and equipment by the Group
                                   管理股份有限
                                   公司 (Chengdu         Repayment of lease liability                    (1,279)             –
                                   Jinsheng Enterprise
                                   Management Co., Finance cost on lease liability                       (179)             –
                                   Ltd), a member of
                                   sister group        Rendering of dormitory rental                      (86)             –
                                   (Note iv)

   四川省邁可多醫療用品有限                  Entity controlled by   Purchase of consumables by the                 (4,724)             –
    公司                             Chengdu Jinxin         Group
    Sichuan Mocodo Medical         Investment
    Products Co., Ltd.

   成都錦欣信息科技有限公司                  Entity controlled by   Rendering of IT services                       (1,464)             –
    Chengdu Jinxin Information     Chengdu Jinxin
    Technology Co., Ltd            Investment

   成都青羊橘米診所有限公司                  Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables                     2              1
    Chengdu Qingyang Jumi          Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
    Clinic*                        Investment

   Chengdu Jinshen Enterprise    Entity controlled by  Repayment of lease liability                   (22,619)        (1,830)
    Management Co., Ltd.*          Chengdu Jinxin
                                   Investment (Note v) Finance cost on lease liability                 (6,117)          (491)




                                                                     Annual Report 2022         Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
           In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
           statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                               2022      2021
           Name of related Company           Relationship           Nature of transactions                  RMB’000   RMB’000


           成都市錦江區成龍路錦城逸景社區 Entity controlled by                     Sales of medicines, consumables              82         4
            衛生服務中心                    Chengdu Jinxin                  and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu Jinjiang District Investment
            Chenglong Road Jincheng                                 Provision of pathological services by         4        13
            Yijing Community Health                                   the Group
            Service Center*

           成都市錦江區東大社區衛生                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables             156        13
            服務中心                               Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu Jinjiang District          Investment
            Dongda Community Health                                 Provision of pathological services by         –        83
            Service Center*                                           the Group

           成都市錦江區蓮新社區衛生                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables              45         1
            服務中心                               Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Chengdu Jinjiang District          Investment
            Lianxin Community Health                                Provision of pathological services by        14         6
            Service Center*                                           the Group

           瀘州錦欣婦產醫院有限公司                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables           1,811       186
            Luzhou Jinxin Women and            Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Children Hospital*                 Investment

           內江錦欣婦產醫院有限公司                      Entity controlled by   Sales of medicines, consumables               –     4,218
            Neijiang Jinxin Maternity          Chengdu Jinxin         and equipment by the Group
            Hospital*                          Investment

           成都錦欣潤怡醫療管理有限公司 Entity controlled by                      Provision of management services by      41,060     3,429
            Chengdu Jinxin Runyi Medical Chengdu Jinxin               the Group
            Management Co., Ltd*         Investment




238   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also entered into the following related party transactions: (Continued)

                                                                                                          2022            2021
   Name of related Company            Relationship            Nature of transactions                   RMB’000         RMB’000


   成都錦欣健康管理有限公司                       Entity controlled by    Purchase of consumables by the                   –         (2,747)
    Chengdu Jinxin Health               Jinxin Medical          Group
    Management Co., Ltd.*               Investment Group
                                        Limited (Note ii)     Rendering pathological examination               –         (4,580)
                                                                services by the related company
                                                                (Note i)

   Notes:

   *       English name is for identification only identification purpose only.

   (i)     Amounts represent expenses incurred from pathological examination services and sanitising and cleaning services
           included in “cost of revenue”.

   (ii)    As a subsidiary of JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited, the company was acquired in November
           2021 and cease to be the related party to the Group. Details of the acquisition are set out in Note 40(c).

   (iii)   The amounts of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2022 is RMB24,504,000 (31 December 2021: RMB24,554,000).

   (iv)    The amounts of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2022 is RMB6,477,000 (31 December 2021: nil)

   (v)     The amounts of lease liabilities as at 31 December 2022 is RMB110,077,000 (31 December 2021: 124,175,000)


   Compensation of key management personnel
   The remuneration of the key management is determined based on performance of individuals and
   market trends.

   Key management includes executive directors and senior management. The remuneration of the
   Directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


   Directors’ fee                                                                                 600                     612
   Salaries and allowances                                                                     18,508                  12,658
   Performance-related incentive payments                                                       8,451                     946
   Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                                       526                     241
   Share-based compensation benefits                                                            5,392                  37,424


                                                                                               33,477                  51,881




                                                                          Annual Report 2022       Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
           concern while maximising the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and
           equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the lease liabilities, bank
           borrowing and convertible bonds disclosed in Notes 35, 37 and 38 respectively, net of cash
           equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital,
           retained profits and other reserves.

           The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors
           consider the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
           the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends,
           new share issues, additional advance from related parties or the repayment of their existing advances
           as well as issue of new debt, if necessary.

      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           (a) Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                      The Group
                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at
                   – Amortised cost                                               1,757,784          2,676,421
                   – FVTPL                                                           71,300            396,484
                   – Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL              105,743            169,930
                   – FVTOCI                                                               –              5,279


                                                                                  1,934,827          3,248,114


                 Financial liabilities
                 Financial liabilities at
                   – Amortised cost                                               4,592,308          2,356,603
                   – FVTPL                                                                –              3,501


                                                                                  4,592,308          2,360,104


                 Lease liabilities                                                  439,242            433,074




240   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
      The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instrument at FVTOCI, financial assets
      at FVTPL, accounts and other receivables, amounts due from associates, amounts due from/to
      other related parties, other financial assets at FVTPL, investments in preferred shares measured
      at FVTPL, time deposits, bank balances and cash, pledged bank deposits, accounts and
      other payables, loan payables, bank borrowing, lease liabilities, other financial liabilities and
      convertible bonds. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The
      risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate
      risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these
      risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure
      appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

      Market risk
      Currency risk
      Several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency bank balances and time deposits
      against the functional currencies of the relevant group entities which expose the Group to
      foreign currency risk.

      The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the
      management of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging
      significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign bank balances, time deposits and convertible
      bonds at the reporting date are as follows:

                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


      Assets
      US$                                                                        669                4,720
      HK$                                                                      8,930                7,318
      RMB                                                                        189              185,896


                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


      Liabilities
      HK$                                                                 1,636,059            1,492,932




                                                          Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   241
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2021: 5%) increase and decrease
                 in the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies. 5% (2021: 5%)
                 is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
                 personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
                 foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                 denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for
                 a 5% (2021: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A positive/negative number below indicates
                 an increase/decrease in post-tax profit and other equity where the subsidiaries’ functional
                 currency weakening 5% (2021: 5%) against the relevant foreign currencies. For a 5% (2021: 5%)
                 strengthen of the subsidiaries’ functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies, there
                 would be an equal and opposite/negative impact on the profit and other comprehensive income
                 and the amounts below would be negative/positive. During years ended 31 December 2022 and
                 2021, the sensitivity of US$ and RMB against the relevant currency is immaterial.

                                                                                            HK$
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Profit or loss                                                        (61,017)           (55,711)


                 Interest rate risk
                 The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
                 (see Note 33 for details) and bank borrowing (see Note 37 for details). The Group’s cash flow
                 interest rate risk are mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances
                 and bank borrowing.

                 The Directors consider that the overall interest rate risk is not significant and no sensitivity
                 analysis is presented for the Group.

                 The fair value interest rate risk on the other financial assets at FVTPL, fixed rate time bank
                 deposits and fixed rate pledged bank deposits, is limited because the periods of these
                 investment products and deposit are short, which ranged from 62 to 182 days, or can be
                 redeemable on demand (2021: 31 to 98 days, or can redeemable on demand).

                 The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate amounts due to
                 related parties, lease liabilities, bank borrowings and convertible bonds (see Notes 29, 35, 37
                 and 38 for details) and the Directors consider that the exposure of such interest rate risk arising
                 from amounts due to related parties, lease liabilities and convertible bonds is insignificant.




242   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Market risk (Continued)
       Interest rate risk (Continued)
       A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks has been undertaken globally to
       replace some IBORs with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of the impacts on the Group’s
       risk management strategy arising from the interest rate benchmark reform and the progress
       towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under “interest rate
       benchmark reform” in this note.

       Other price risk
       The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in an unquoted equity
       investments measured at FVTOCI as disclosed in Note 24, investments in preferred shares
       measured at FVTPL as disclosed in Note 23a, and financial assets at FVTPL as disclosed in Note
       25. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price risk of this investment.

       If the fair value of the respective investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL had been
       5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower, the post-tax profit would increase/decrease by RMB5,287,000
       (2021: RMB8,497,000).

       During the year ended 31 December 2021, if the fair value of the FVTOCI had been 5% higher/
       lower, the other comprehensive income would increase/decrease by RMB264,000. If the fair
       value of financial assets at FVTPL had been 5% higher/lower, the past-tax profit would increase/
       decrease by RMB8,887,000, if the fair value of the other financial liabilities had been 5% higher/
       lower, the post-tax profit would decrease/increase by RMB175,000.

       Credit risk and impairment assessment
       At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial
       assets of the Group as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position best represents
       the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group
       and due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties. The average loss rates for
       majority of the financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed to be less than 1%.

       In order to minimise the credit risk for accounts receivables, the management of the Group
       has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other
       monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In
       addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of each
       reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made and other monitoring
       procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In
       addition, the Group performs impairment under ECL model on trade balances individually. In
       this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The loss
       allowance measured under lifetime ECL for accounts receivables of RMB83,319,000 (2021:
       RMB64,330,000) for the Group is considered insignificant.




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   243
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 For loan receivables, other receivables and refundable deposits, the management makes
                 periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on
                 historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information
                 that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that
                 there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
                 the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2022
                 and 2021, the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables and refundable deposits are
                 insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.

                 The loss allowance of other receivables and refundable deposits are measured under 12m
                 ECL which is considered insignificant in respect of other receivables and refundable deposits,
                 amounting to RMB100,293,000 (2021: RMB107,277,000) as at 31 December 2022.

                 For the amounts due from associates and amounts due from other related parties, the Directors
                 make individual assessment on the recoverability of the amounts based on historical settlement
                 records and past experience. In view of the good repayment history of these related parties and/
                 or considered the future prospects of the industry in which these related parties operate, the
                 Directors consider the risk of default is low, and accordingly, no impairment was recognised
                 in respect of the amounts due from associates and other related parties amounting to
                 RMB243,841,000 (2021: RMB612,886,000) as at 31 December 2022.

                 The credit risk on liquid funds, including interest receivables, is limited because the
                 counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating
                 agencies. The 12m ECL for time deposits, bank balances, pledged bank deposits and interest
                 receivables, of the Group amounting to RMB1,330,331,000 (2021: RMB1,891,928,000) as at 31
                 December 2022 is considered to be insignificant.

                 Other than concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks
                 with high credit ratings, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit
                 risk as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                 Liquidity risk
                 Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the management, which has built
                 an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short,
                 medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by
                 maintaining adequate reserves, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and
                 matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

                 In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its financial liabilities and
                 derivative financial instruments.




244   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       Liquidity risk (Continued)
       The tables include both interest, if any, and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows
       are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of each
       reporting period.

       Liquidity table
                                                 Weighted     On demand                                                   Total
                                                   average    or less than      1-2          2-5             Over undiscounted    Carrying
                                              interest rate         1 year     years        years         5 years   cash flows     amount
                                                         %        RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000


       At 31 December 2022
       Accounts and other payables                       –        528,937           –            –             –        528,937     528,937
       Amounts due to related parties                    –         47,528           –            –             –         47,528      47,528
       Loan payables                                     –        190,577     107,941            –             –        298,518     290,488
       Convertible bonds                              0.75      1,832,853           –            –             –      1,832,853   1,636,059
       Bank borrowing                                 4.74        155,320     836,134    1,378,856             –      2,370,310   2,089,296
       Lease liabilities                              4.45         81,302      78,861      217,136       315,560        692,859     439,242


                                                                2,836,517    1,022,936   1,595,992       315,560      5,771,005   5,031,550


       At 31 December 2021
       Accounts and other payables                       –        284,786            –           –             –        284,786     284,786
       Amounts due to related parties                    –        415,139            –           –             –        415,139     415,139
       Convertible bonds                              0.75              –    1,832,853           –             –      1,832,853   1,492,932
       Bank borrowing                                  3.5         45,371       57,053      72,644             –        175,068     163,746
       Lease liabilities                              4.66         75,846      100,116     189,355       153,575        518,892     433,074


                                                                  821,142    1,990,022     261,999       153,575      3,226,738   2,789,677


       Derivatives — net settlement
       At 31 December 2021
       Other financial liabilities at FVTPL                         3,501            –           –             –          3,501      3,501


       Interest rate benchmark reform
       As listed in Note 37, a US dollar LIBOR bank borrowing have been subject to the interest rate
       benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and managing the transition to
       new benchmark interest rates, including potentially new arrangements proposed by the relevant
       banks.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    245
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                 Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)
                 LIBOR
                 As at 31 December 2022, the US dollar LIBOR setting will be ceased immediately after 30 June
                 2023.

                 (i)   Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform
                       The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the transition:

                       Interest rate related risks
                       For contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark
                       rates and without detailed fallback clauses, if the bilateral negotiations with the Group’s
                       counterparties are not successfully concluded before the cessation of LIBOR, there are
                       significant uncertainties with regard to the interest rate that would apply. This gives rise to
                       additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the contracts were entered into.

                       Litigation risk
                       If no agreement is reached to implement the interest rate benchmark reform on contracts
                       which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates (e.g. arising
                       from differing interpretation of existing fallback terms), there is a risk of prolonged disputes
                       with counterparties which could give rise to additional legal and other costs. The Group is
                       working closely with all counterparties to avoid this from occurring.

                 (ii) Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates
                       As part of the Group’s risk management for transition, new contracts entered into by the
                       Group are linked to interest rates which are not subject to reform to the extent feasible.
                       Otherwise, the Group ensured the relevant contracts include detailed fallback clauses
                       clearly referencing the alternative benchmark rate and the specific triggering event on
                       which the clause is activated.




246   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
       Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
       fair value on a recurring basis
       The Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at 31
       December 2022 are disclosed in Notes 23a, 24, 25, and 32. The following table gives
       information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
       determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                          Fair value as at                                                                     Relationship of
                                           31 December          Fair value   Valuation techniques        Significant           unobservable inputs to
       Financial assets                    2022          2021   hierarchy    and key inputs              unobservable inputs   fair value
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


       Unlisted equity investment              –        5,279   Level 2      Discounted cash flows       N/A                   N/A
        classified as financial                                                based on expected
        asset at FVTOCI                                                        cash distribution from
                                                                               the investee

       Other financial assets at          71,300     218,737    Level 2      Discounted cash flows       N/A                   N/A
         FVTPL                                                                 — future cash flows
                                                                               are estimated based
                                                                               on estimated return,
                                                                               and discounted at a
                                                                               rate that reflects the
                                                                               credit risks of various
                                                                               counterparties.

       Other financial liabilities at          –        3,501   Level 2      Discounted cash flows     N/A                     N/A
         FVTPL                                                                 — future cash flows
                                                                               are estimated based
                                                                               on forward exchange
                                                                               rates (from observable
                                                                               forward exchange
                                                                               rates at the end of the
                                                                               reporting period) and
                                                                               contracted forward
                                                                               rates, discounted at a
                                                                               rate that reflects the
                                                                               credit risk of various
                                                                               counterparties.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2022            Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       247
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                 Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                 fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                                                Fair value as at                                                                        Relationship of
                                                 31 December          Fair value   Valuation techniques       Significant               unobservable inputs to
                 Financial assets                2022          2021   hierarchy    and key inputs             unobservable inputs       fair value
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL           –     177,747    Level 2      Market Approach            N/A                       N/A
                                                                                   Key input: enterprise
                                                                                     value to sales multiple.

                 Investment in preferred       105,743     169,930    Level 3      Market Approach and         Expected volatility of   The significant
                   shares measured at                                                Black-Scholes Option        the underlying share     unobservable input is
                   FVTPL                                                             Pricing Model               prices.                  the expected volatil-
                                                                                   Key inputs: enterprise                                 ity of the underlying
                                                                                     value to sales                                       share prices of 50%
                                                                                     multiple, risk-free rate,                            (2021:50%). Change
                                                                                     expected volatility of                               this unobservable input
                                                                                     the underlying share                                 based on reasonable
                                                                                     prices, time to liquidity                            alternative assumptions
                                                                                     event.                                               would not significantly
                                                                                                                                          change the valuations
                                                                                                                                          of the preferred shares.


                 There were no transfer between levels during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




248   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
       Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement
                                                                                            Investments
                                                                                             in preferred
                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                               measured
                                                                                                at FVTPL
                                                                                                RMB’000


       At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                     171,057
       Gain on fair value changes                                                                   3,979
       Exchange realignment                                                                        (5,106)


       At 31 December 2021                                                                        169,930
       Deemed disposal of partial preferred shares                                                 (1,717)
       Loss on fair value changes                                                                 (76,733)
       Exchange realignment                                                                        14,263


       At 31 December 2022                                                                        105,743


       Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
       The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are
       determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash
       flow analysis.

       The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
       recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values
       at the end of each reporting period.




                                                          Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   249
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
           The tables below detail changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
           both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash
           flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows
           as cash flows from financing activities:

                                                                                                 Non-trade
                                                                                                  amounts
                                                                                                    due to
                                                            Loan      Dividends        Lease       related         Bank    Interest   Convertible
                                                          payable       payable    liabilities     parties    borrowing   Payable         bonds        Total
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


           At 1 January 2021                                     –            –     244,332         59,882      162,540      1,224              –     467,978
           Financing cash flows                                  –      (16,603)    (49,622)        23,334        1,206     (5,599)             –     (47,284)

           Non-cash changes:
           Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries
             (Note 40)                                           –            –     137,865         37,495            –          –      1,496,941    1,672,301
           Consideration payable on acquisition of a
             subsidiary (Note 29)                                –            –           –        302,518            –          –              –     302,518
           Dividends declared                                    –       16,603           –              –            –          –              –      16,603
           New leases entered                                    –            –     100,698              –            –          –              –     100,698
           Settlement upon acquisition of a subsidiary           –            –      (9,008)             –            –          –              –      (9,008)
           Covid-19 related rent concession                      –            –      (2,008)             –            –          –              –      (2,008)
           Interest expenses                                     –            –      15,178              –            –      5,589            379      21,146
           Set off arrangement (Note 50)                         –            –           –        (16,261)           –          –              –     (16,261)
           Exchange realignment                                  –            –      (4,361)        (1,054)           –          –         (4,388)     (9,803)

           At 31 December 2021                                   –            –     433,074        405,914      163,746      1,214      1,492,932    2,496,880
           Financing cash flows                           (194,092)    (179,115)    (59,704)      (338,704)   1,546,229    (63,880)             –      710,734
           Non-cash changes:
           Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries
             (Note 40)                                    482,405             –            –        10,280      190,211          –              –     682,896
           Dividends declared                                   –       180,943            –             –            –          –              –     180,943
           New leases entered                                   –             –       50,718             –            –          –              –      50,718
           Covid-19 related rent concession                     –             –         (546)            –            –          –              –        (546)
           Interest expenses                                    –             –       21,880             –        6,947     38,316          4,710      71,853
           Interest expenses capitalised                    2,175             –            –             –            –     36,425              –      38,600
           Leases early terminated                              –             –       (6,895)            –            –          –              –      (6,895)
           Write off from disposal of partial preferred
             shares measured at FVTPL                            –            –             –      (49,170)           –          –              –      (49,170)
           Capital injection from non-controlling
             interests of a subsidiary                           –            –            –          (490)           –          –             –         (490)
           Set off arrangement                                   –            –            –        (1,050)           –          –             –       (1,050)
           Exchange realignment                                  –        8,676          715         1,640      182,163          –       138,417      331,611

           At 31 December 2022                            290,488        10,504     439,242         28,420    2,089,296     12,075      1,636,059    4,506,084




250   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited             Annual Report 2022
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
  At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:

                                        Place and date of   Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
  Name of subsidiaries                  establishment       share capital             interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                           2022         2021


  Directly held:
  BVI Holdco                            BVI                 –                            100%         100%     Investment holding
                                        1 March 2018

  Willsun BVI                           BVI                 US$205,600,000               100%         100%     Investment holding
                                        31 March 2017

  Willsun (BVI) New Company Limited BVI                     –                            100%         100%     Investment holding
                                    17 May 2018

  JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) BVI                       –                            100%         100%     Investment holding
    Group Limited (Note vi)       13 October 2021

  Smiling Charm Limited (Note viii)     BVI                 US$50,000                    100%         100%     Investment holding
                                        9 October 2019

  Indirectly held:
  Jinxin Fertility HK                   Hong Kong           HK$1                         100%         100%     Investment holding
                                        14 March 2018

  Sichuan Jinxin Fertility (Note vii)   PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Investment holding
                                        12 September 2016   RMB2,554,841,600

  Chengdu Xinan Hospital                PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
   (Notes i and vii)                    1 September 2016    RMB22,222,222                                        services and management
                                                                                                                 services

  Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital           PRC                 Registered capital          99.90%      79.44%     Assisted reproductive
   (Notes i and vii)                    18 May 2004         RMB20,000,000                                        services and ancillary
                                                                                                                 medical services

  Chengdu Jinyi Enterprise              PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Property investment
   Management Co., Ltd. (Note vii)      27 December 2018    RMB1,000,000

  Shenzhen Yuji Property Services       PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Property management
   Co., Ltd. (“Yuji Property”)          16 September 2009   RMB300,000                                           services to group
   (Note vii)*                                                                                                   companies




                                                                                 Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited    251
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

                                                  Place and date of   Paid-up/                 Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                   establishment       share capital           interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                                   2022         2021


           Indirectly held: (Continued)
           深圳市梅驊醫療投資管理有限公司 PRC                                        Registered capital           N/A        100%     Investment management and
             Shenzhen Meihua Medical         16 June 2003             RMB18,000,000                                      management consultancy
             Investment Management Co., Ltd.
             (“Meihua Management”)
             (Notes ii and vii)*

           武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院                          PRC                 Registered capital          75%          75%     Assisted reproductive
            有限公司                                  17 February 2006    RMB80,000,000                                      services and ancillary
            Wuhan Jinxin Integrated                                                                                      medical services
            Gynecology and Obstetrics
            Hospital Co., Ltd (Note vii) *

           上海錦霄醫療管理有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital         100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Shanghai Jinxiao Medical              9 December 2020     RMB1,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

           深圳市萊恩服務咨詢有限公司                          PRC                 Registered capital         100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Shenzhen Laien Service                3 April 2020        RMB15,000,000
            Consulting Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

           JXR New Hope Limited                   BVI                 US$1                       100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                  27 February 2020

           錦瑞醫療中心                                 Laos                Registered capital         100%         100%     Assisted reproductive
            Jinrui Medical Center                 20 March 2020       Lao Kip25,000,000,000                              services

           HRC Management                         U.S.A.              US$80,000                  100%         100%     Provision for management
                                                  3 November 2015                                                        services and surgery
                                                                                                                         centre facilities

           NexGenomics, LLC                       U.S.A.              US$100                     100%         100%     PGS Testing services
                                                  4 February 2015

           Willsun Fertility US Delaware LLC      U.S.A.              US$85,505,000              100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                  5 April 2017

           Willsun US Delaware Newco Inc.         U.S.A.              US$82,151,863              100%         100%     Investment holding
                                                  7 May 2018



252   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)

                                      Place and date of   Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries               establishment       share capital             interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                         2022         2021


   Indirectly held: (Continued)
   成都錦欣輝明企業管理有限公司                     PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Management consultancy
     Chengdu Jinxin Huiming           19 November 2021    RMB1,100,000,000
     Enterprise Management Co., Ltd
     (Note vii)*

   Jinxin Women Wellness Limited      BVI                 US$1,000                      51%          51%     Investment holding
     (Note v)                         7 July 2021

   Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Hong Kong              HK$10,000                     51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
    Centre Limited (Note v)        3 May 2011                                                                  services

   Hong Kong Reproductive Health      Hong Kong           HK$10,000                     51%          51%     Assisted reproductive
    Centre Limited (Note v)           25 March 2020                                                            services and ancillary
                                                                                                               medical services

   JINXIN Hospital Management         Cayman              US$50,000                    100%         100%     Investment holding
     Group Limited (Note vi)          31 January 2018

   Jinxin Global Medical Company      BVI                 US$1                         100%         100%     Investment holding
     Limited (Note vi)                11 April 2018

   Jinxin Investment Group Limited    Hong Kong           HK$1                         100%         100%     Investment holding
     (Note vi)                        22 December 2017

   錦欣醫療投資有限公司                         PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Investment holding
    Jinxin Medical Investment         25 August 2015      RMB504,238,258
    Company Ltd (Notes vi and vii)*

   成都市錦邁創新實驗檢測有限公司                    PRC                 Registered capital            51%          51%     Sales of medicines
    Chengdu Jinmai Innovative         17 June 2019        RMB1,000,000                                         consumables and
    Testing Co., Ltd (“Chengdu                                                                                 equipment
    Jinmai”) (Notes vi and vii)*

   成都錦欣健康管理有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital           100%         100%     Sales of medicines,
    Chengdu Jinxin Health             24 December 2014    RMB16,975,000                                        consumables and
    Management Co., Ltd (Notes vi                                                                              equipment
    and vii)*




                                                                               Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   253
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

                                                Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                 establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                              2022         2021


           Indirectly held: (Continued)
           四川錦欣婦女兒童醫院有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Obstetrics, gynecology
             Jinxin Women and Children          09 December 2016    RMB125,386,636                                 and pediatrics medical
             Hospital (Notes vi and vii)*                                                                          services

           四川錦欣醫療管理有限公司                         PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Management consultancy
            Sichuan Jinxin Medical              08 December 2021    US$1,000,000
            Management Co., Ltd (Note vii)*

           成都錦欣產康健康管理咨詢有限公司 PRC                                     Registered capital       51%           N/A    Postpartum and rehabilitation
            Chengdu Jinxin Chankang Health 18 April 2022            RMB5,000,000                                    care services
            Management Consulting Co., Ltd
            (Note vii)*

           成都龍泉驛錦欣產康門診有限公司                      PRC                 Registered capital       51%           N/A    Postpartum and rehabilitation
            Chengdu Longquanyi Jinxin           23 May 2022         RMB1,000,000                                    care services
            Chankang Clinic Co., Ltd.
            (Note vii)*

           海南三亞錦舒企業管理有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Real estate development and
            Hainan Sanya Jinshu Enterprise      23 November 2021    RMB2,100,000,000                                operation
            Management Co., Ltd (“Hainan
            Sanya”) (Notes vii and viii)*

           Shenzhen Hengyu (Notes iv & vii)*    PRC                 Registered capital      100%           N/A    Real estate development and
                                                30 June 2014        RMB10,000,000                                   operation

           Kunming Hewanjia Hospital            PRC                 Registered capital    96.50%           N/A    Assisted reproductive
            (Notes i, vii & x)                  15 January 2014     RMB55,714,286                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                                    medical services

           Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital              PRC                 Registered capital    96.50%           N/A    Assisted reproductive
            (Notes i, vii & x)                  24 September 2003   RMB42,857,143                                   services and ancillary
                                                                                                                    medical services

           Guangzhou Yunzhicai                  PRC                 Registered capital    89.80%           N/A    Investment holding
            (Notes vii & x)                     18 March 2021       RMB13,720,000




254   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
   (Continued)

                                        Place and date of   Paid-up/                   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiaries                 establishment       share capital             interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                           2022         2021


   Indirectly held: (Continued)
   Guangzhou Hejia (Notes vii & x)      PRC                 Registered capital          89.80%          N/A    Investment holding
                                        14 May 2021         RMB19,130,000

   Guangdong Kangzhi (Notes vii & x) PRC                    Registered capital           100%           N/A    Investment holding
                                     5 March 2018           RMB49,300,000

   雲南咪寶母嬰護理有限公司                         PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Maternal-Child nursing
    Yunnan Mibao Maternal- Child        10 November 2017    RMB1,000,000                                        services
    Nursing Co., Ltd (Notes vii & x)*

   成都錦薈科技有限公司                           PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Investment holding
    Chengdu Jinhui Technology Co.,      04 March 2020       RMB87,285,000
    Ltd (Notes vii & ix)*

   Yongshenghengfu (Notes vii & xi)*    PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Research and Development
                                        23 June 2021        RMB200,000,000                                       of IVF related projects,
                                                                                                                 including scientific
                                                                                                                 research and related
                                                                                                                 commercialisation

   深圳市錦欣醫療科技創新中心                        PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Research and development
    有限公司                                24 March 2020       RMB71,300,000                                        of IVF related projects,
    Jinxin Medical Innovation                                                                                    including scientific
    Research Center (Notes vii & ix)*                                                                            research and related
                                                                                                                 commercialisation

   深圳中山生殖與遺傳研究所                         PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Research and development
    Shenzhen Zhongshan                  19 January 2009     RMB1,000,000                                         of IVF related projects,
    Reproductive Institute                                                                                       including scientific
    (Notes viii & ix)*                                                                                           research and related
                                                                                                                 commercialisation

   北海錦誠投資合夥企業 (有限合夥)                    PRC                 Registered capital           100%           N/A    Investment holding
    Beihai Jincheng Investment          20 April 2022       RMB100,000
    Partnership (Limited Partnership)
    (Note vii)*




                                                                                 Annual Report 2022      Jinxin Fertility Group Limited     255
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has the following subsidiaries comprising the Group:
           (Continued)

                                                Place and date of   Paid-up/              Attributable equity
           Name of subsidiaries                 establishment       share capital        interest to the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                              2022         2021


           Indirectly held: (Continued)
           北海錦欣旭逸醫療管理合夥企業                    PRC                    Registered capital      100%           N/A    Investment holding
             (有限合夥)                          20 April 2022          RMB100,000
             Beihai Jinxin Xuyi Medical
             Management Partnership (Limited
             Partnership) (Note vii)*

           Structured entity:
           成都錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Jinrun Fude (Notes i & vii)*        9 May 2018          RMB300,000

           成都錦逸弘康企业管理有限公司                       PRC                 Registered capital      100%         100%     Investment holding
            Jinyi Hongkang (Notes iii & vii)*   5 February 2018     RMB100,000

           Notes:

           *      The English names of these entities registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the Directors to
                  directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

           i      In September and November 2018, Sichuan Jinxin Fertility transferred its 10% equity interests in Chengdu Xinan
                  Hospital and 3.98% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital to Jinrun Fude, a structured entity of the
                  Group. The Group does not have direct or indirect legal ownership in equity of this structured entity. Nevertheless,
                  under certain contractual arrangements, including but not limited to, exclusive operation service agreement,
                  option agreements, entrustment agreements and equity pledge agreements, entered into with this structured entity
                  and their registered owners, the Group has rights to exercise power over this structured entity, receives variable
                  returns from its involvement in this structured entity, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
                  over this structured entity. As a result, it is presented as consolidated structured entity of the Group.

                  The Group acquired Mr. Mei Hua’s 15% and Mr. Zeng Yong’s 5.46% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan
                  Hospital via a series of contractual arrangements entered into between Jinrun Fude and the Group in April and
                  August 2022 respectively and accordingly, the Group has indirect control of an aggregate of 99.90% equity
                  interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital since then.

                  Similarly, the Group obtained control over 30% equity interests in each of Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming
                  Hewanjia Hospital via a series of contractual arrangements entered into between Jinrun Fude and the Group in
                  July 2022 and accordingly, the Group has indirect control of an aggregate of 96.5% equity interests in each of
                  Yunnan Jiuzhou Hospital and Kunming Hewanjia Hospital since then.

           ii     The subsidiary had been deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2022.

           iii    The Group does not have direct or indirect legal ownership in equity of Jinyi Hongkang. Nevertheless, under
                  certain contractual arrangements, including but not limited to, exclusive operation service agreement, option
                  agreements, entrustment agreements and equity pledge arrangements entered into with Jinyi Hongkang and its
                  registered owners in November 2021, the Group has rights to exercise power over Jinyi Hongkang and has the
                  ability to affect those returns through its power over Jinyi Hongkang. As a result, Jinyi Hongkang presented as
                  consolidated structured entity of the Group.




256   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   iv     In May 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Shenzhen Hengyu.

   v      In September 2021, the Group acquired 51% equity interests in Jinxin Women Group.

   vi     In November 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in JINXIN Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited
          and its subsidiaries.

   vii    The company is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in PRC.

   viii   In December 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Smiling Charm Limited and its subsidiary.

   ix     In January 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Shenzhen Innovation Group.

   x      In July 2022, the Group acquired Kunming Group.

   xi     In December 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Yongshenghengfu.


   As at 31 December 2022, none of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group has material non-
   controlling interests.




                                                                     Annual Report 2022    Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   257
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      49. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY
                                                                   2022         2021
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000


           Non-current assets
           Interests in subsidiaries                           10,389,169    8,674,740
           Investments in preferred shares measured at FVTPL      105,743      169,930
           Pledged bank deposits                                        –      180,000
           Prepayments                                             48,798       23,526
           Loan receivable                                              –       17,074
           Amounts due from an associate                           12,550       10,839
           Amount due from other related party                          –       10,201
           Life insurance policy                                   22,452            –

                                                               10,578,712    9,086,310

           Current assets
           Prepayment and other receivables                       35,723        2,832
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                         169,857      195,071
           Bank balances and cash                                 52,265       51,738

                                                                 257,845      249,641

           Current liabilities
           Other payables                                          14,498       2,831
           Amounts due to subsidiaries                            111,077      82,954
           Amounts due to related parties                               –     347,531
           Convertible bonds                                    1,636,059           –
           Other financial liabilities                                  –       3,501

                                                                1,761,634     436,817

           Net current liabilities                             (1,503,789)   (187,176)

           Total assets less current liabilities                9,074,923    8,899,134

           Non-current liabilities
           Borrowings — Non current                             2,070,678            –
           Convertible bonds                                            –    1,492,932

                                                                2,070,678    1,492,932

           Net assets                                           7,004,245    7,406,202


           Capital and Reserves
           Share capital (Note 39)                                    166          165
           Reserves                                             7,004,079    7,406,037

           Total equity                                         7,004,245    7,406,202


258   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




49. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
  Movement in Company’s reserve
                                                           Shares          Equity-
                                                          held for         settled
                                                        restricted    share-based
                                            Share     share award        payment      Accumulated        Translation
                                         premium          scheme          reserve          losses            reserve         Total
                                         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


  At 1 January 2021                      6,799,981              (2)        92,647          (85,737)         (316,528)     6,490,361
  Loss for the year                              –               –              –          (67,138)                –        (67,138)
  Other comprehensive expense                    –               –              –                –           (95,861)       (95,861)

  Total comprehensive expense
    for the year                                 –               –               –         (67,138)          (95,861)      (162,999)
  Share cancelled (Note 39)                      *               –               –               –                 –              *
  Shares repurchased (Note 39)             (40,953)              –               –               –                 –        (40,953)
  Issue of shares (Note 39)              1,055,605               –               –               –                 –      1,055,605
  Transaction costs attributable to
    issue of shares                        (12,319)              –               –               –                 –        (12,319)
  Recognition of equity-settled
    share-bases payment (Note 41)                –               –         76,342                –                 –        76,342
  Exercise of restricted shares
    (Note 41)                              88,601                –         (88,601)              –                 –              –

  At 31 December 2021                    7,890,915              (2)        80,388         (152,875)         (412,389)     7,406,037


  At 1 January 2022                      7,890,915              (2)        80,388         (152,875)         (412,389)     7,406,037
  Loss for the year                              –               –              –         (118,721)                –       (118,721)
  Other comprehensive expense                    –               –              –                –          (249,223)      (249,223)

  Total comprehensive expense
    for the year                                –               –                –        (118,721)         (249,223)      (367,944)
  Share cancelled (Note 39)                     *               *                –               –                 –              –
  Issue of shares (Note 39)                83,771               –                –               –                 –         83,771
  Transaction costs attributable to
    issue of shares                           (809)             –                –               –                 –           (809)
  Dividends recognised as distribution    (150,000)             –                –               –                 –       (150,000)
  Recognition of equity-settled
    share-bases payment (Note 41)                –              –          33,024                –                 –        33,024
  Exercise of restricted shares
    (Note 41)                              54,234               2          (54,236)              –                 –              –

  At 31 December 2022                    7,878,111               *         59,176         (271,596)         (661,612)     7,004,079

  *      The amount is less than RMB1,000.




                                                                         Annual Report 2022           Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   259
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      50. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
           Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group also entered into
           the following non-cash transactions:

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into several new lease agreements for
           two clinics in U.S.A for 10.5 years without extension options, for a clinic in U.S.A for 5.4 years with
           extension options, and for several medical equipment in U.S.A for 5 years without extension options.
           On the lease commencements, the Group recognised RMB40,822,000 of right-of-use assets and
           RMB40,822,000 lease liabilities in the U.S.A.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group entered into several new lease agreements
           for the clinics in U.S.A for 5 to 13.2 years without extension options, for a clinic in U.S.A for 10.3
           years with extension options, and for the offices in Wuhan for 12 years without extension options.
           On the lease commencements, the Group recognised RMB95,280,000 of right-of-use assets
           and RMB95,280,000 lease liabilities in the U.S.A. and RMB5,418,000 of right-of-use assets and
           RMB5,418,000 lease liabilities in Greater China, respectively.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, set off arrangements have been effected between
           the Group’s amounts due from Jinxin Aijian and prepayments on acquisition of equity interests,
           between the Group’s amounts due from Chengdu Jinxin Investment and consideration payable
           arose on acquisition of 15% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital, and between the
           Group’s amounts due from Chengdu Jinhui Technology Co., Ltd and investment in Chengdu Jinhui
           Technology Co., Ltd with corresponding total offset amount of RMB132,188,000, RMB86,605,000 and
           RMB51,381,000, respectively.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, a set off arrangement has been effected between the
           Group’s amounts due from and amounts due to Chengdu Jinsheng Enterprise Management Co., Ltd
           and its subsidiaries with corresponding total offset amount of RMB16,261,000.

      51. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
           The Group has also been involved in legal proceedings and claims during both years that arise in the
           ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical and labour dispute claims brought by
           the former patients or employees.

           The Group has been vigorously defending these lawsuits and the Directors believe that the final
           outcome of those outstanding medical and labour disputes will not have a material impact on the
           financial position or operations of the Group or the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined
           with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no provision has been made during
           both years.




260   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




52. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
  a.   On 5 January 2023, an aggregate of 175,000,000 placing shares have been placed by the
       Company to not less than six placees at the placing price of HK$6.725 per placing share and
       the Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$1,162,310,000 (equivalent
       to approximately RMB999,098,000). The placees, together with their respective ultimate
       beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company or its
       connected persons. None of the placees has become a substantial shareholder of the Company
       immediately upon completion of the placing. The placing has been completed on 16 January
       2023. Details of the placing are set out in and the Company’s announcement dated 5 January
       2023 and 16 January 2023.

  b.   On 18 January 2023, the board of Directors approved the grant of 65,853,241 restricted
       shares in aggregate to grantees under the 2022 restricted share award scheme adopted on
       17 February 2022. 29,060,994 restricted shares are granted to 159 employees of the Company
       (who to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable
       enquiries, are not connected persons of the Company). 36,792,247 restricted shares are
       proposed to be granted to 5 directors of the Company and 10 directors of the Company’s
       subsidiaries (who are connected persons of the Company). The restricted shares are subject
       to the acceptance from grantees and other conditions as may be determined by the board of
       Directors. Details of the grant are set out in and the Company’s announcement dated 19 January
       2023.




                                                         Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   261
      Definitions



      In this report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context otherwise
      requires:

      “2022 Restricted Share Award               the 2022 restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by
        Scheme”                                  the Company on February 17, 2022, the principal terms of which are
                                                 summarized in the announcement of the Company dated February
                                                 17, 2022

      “AGM”                                      annual general meeting of the Company

      “ARC”                                      Hong Kong Assisted Reproduction Centre Limited (香港輔助生育中心
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability
                                                 on June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “ARS”                                      assisted reproductive service(s)

      “Articles of Association”                  the articles of association of the Company (as amended from time to
                                                 time)

      “Audit and Risk Management                 the audit and risk management committee of the Board
        Committee”

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”            the board of Directors of the Company

      “BVI”                                      British Virgin Islands

      “Cayman Islands Companies Law“             the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, Cap. 22
                                                 (Law 3 of 1961), as amended or supplemented or otherwise modified
                                                 from time to time

      “CG Code”                                  the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the
                                                 Listing Rules

      “Chairman”                                 the Chairman of the Board

      “Chengdu Xinan Hospital”                   Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd. (成都西囡婦科醫院
                                                 有限公司), a company established in Chengdu, Sichuan Province,
                                                 PRC with limited liability on November 10, 2015, the Group’s
                                                 subsidiary and successor of Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital that is a
                                                 for-profit specialty hospital

      “China” or the “PRC”                       the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this
                                                 annual report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and
                                                 Taiwan




262   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                Definitions



“Company”, “we” or “our”     Jinxin Fertility Group Limited (錦欣生殖醫療集團有限公司*), previously
                             known as Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Company Limited, an exempted
                             company established in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
                             May 3, 2018

“Contractual Arrangements”   the Chengdu Xinan and Shenzhen Zhongshan Contractual
                             Arrangements, the 2021 Contractual Arrangements, the 2022
                             Contractual Arrangements and the Jiuzhou Hospital and Hewanjia
                             Hospital Contractual Arrangements

“COVID-19”                   coronavirus disease of 2019

“Director(s)”                the director(s) of the Company

“Eden Assets”                the assets acquired from a clinic acquired by HRC Management in
                             2020 for clinical use

“ESOP”                       collectively the RSU Scheme, the 2022 Restricted Share Award
                             Scheme and the Share Option Scheme

“Existing Contractual        the series of contractual arrangements, as the case may be,
  Arrangements”              entered into to allow the Company to receive the economic benefits
                             of the entities that the Group controls certain percentage of their
                             shareholding, details on the terms of which are described in the
                             section headed “Contractual Arrangements” in the prospectus of the
                             Company dated June 13, 2019

“Gaoxin Xinan Hospital”      Chengdu Gaoxin Xinan Gynecological Hospital Co., Ltd. (成都高新西
                             囡婦科醫院有限公司), a company established in Chengdu, Sichuan
                             Province, PRC with limited liability on June 13, 2016, successor of
                             Prior Gaoxin Xinan Hospital and the Group’s subsidiary before the
                             Reorganization (as defined in the Prospectus) that is a for-profit
                             gynecological and obstetrics specialty hospital

“Grantees”                   the eligible participants granted or proposed to be granted the
                             Restricted Shares under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme

“Group”                      the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK dollar(s)” or “HK$”      Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hewanjia Hospital”          Kunming Jinxin Hewanjia Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital Co.,
                             Ltd.* (昆 明 錦 欣 和 萬 家 婦 產 醫 院 有 限 公 司), a company established
                             under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on January 15, 2014
                             and a subsidiary of the Group




                                                    Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   263
      Definitions



      “Hong Kong”                                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “HRC Fertility”                            HRC Management and HRC Medical

      “HRC Investment”                           HRC In ve stme n t H o l di n g, L L C , a l i mi te d l i a bi l i ty c o mp any
                                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on June 2,
                                                 2017, the Group’s substantial shareholder

      “HRC Management”                           HRC Fertility Management, LLC, a limited liability company
                                                 established under the laws of Delaware, the United States on
                                                 November 3, 2015, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “HRC Medical”                              Huntington Reproductive Center Medical Group, a professional
                                                 corporation established under the laws of California, the United
                                                 States on January 1, 1995, a connected person of the Company by
                                                 virtue of being jointly owned by Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Bradford
                                                 A. Kolb and Dr. Jane L. Frederick, and the nine clinics and three IVF
                                                 laboratories in California which it owns

      “IFRS”                                     International Financial Reporting Standards

      “IVF”                                      in vitro fertilization, a process where the egg and sperm are
                                                 incubated together to a fertilized embryo in an in vitro system to
                                                 achieve pregnancy

      “Jinjiang District Maternity and           Chengdu Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital (成
         Child Health Hospital”                  都市錦江區婦幼保健院), a non-profit maternity and child healthcare
                                                 hospital established in the PRC in 1954, the IVF center of which is
                                                 jointly managed by the Group

      “Jinjiang IVF Center”                      the IVF center of Jinjiang District Maternity and Child Health Hospital

      “Jinrun Fude”                              Chengdu Jinrun Fude Medical Management Company Limited (成都
                                                 錦潤福德醫療管理有限公司), a limited liability company established
                                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on May 9, 2018, the
                                                 Group’s subsidiary by virtue of contractual arrangements

      “Jinrun Fude Registered                    two individual shareholders of Jinrun Fude, namely Ms. Yan Xiaoqing
         Shareholders”                           and Ms. Zhu Yujuan



      “Jinxin Geriatrics”                        Chengdu Jinsheng Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (成都錦盛企業
                                                 管理股份有限公司), a limited liability company established under the
                                                 laws of the PRC on July 1, 2015, a member of the Sister Group

      “Jinxin Medical Group”                     Jinxin Medical Management (BVI) Group Limited and its subsidiaries




264   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       Definitions



“Jinxin Medical Investment”       Jinxin Medical Investment Company Limited* (錦欣醫療投資有限公
                                  司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                  liability, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2021 Contractual
                                  Arrangements

“Jinxin Technology”               Chengdu Jinxin Information Technology Company Limited (成都錦欣
                                  信息科技有限公司) a company established under the laws of the PRC
                                  with limited liability on August 11, 2021 and an indirect subsidiary of
                                  a joint venture of the Company, Chengdu Jinxin Shanghui Enterprise
                                  Management Co., Ltd. (成都錦欣尚輝企業管理有限公司)

“Jinxin Women and Children        Sichuan Jinxin Women and Children Hospital Co., Ltd (四川錦欣婦
   Hospital”                      女兒童醫院有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                                  PRC with limited liability on December 9, 2016 that is a for-profit
                                  women and children hospital, the fertility center of which was jointly
                                  managed by the Group

“Jinxin Women Group”              Jinxin Women Wellness Limited and its subsidiaries

“Jinxin Women Wellness Limited”   Jinxin Women Wellness Limited, a company established under the
                                  laws of BVI with limited liability on July 1, 2021, the Group’s indirect
                                  subsidiary and wholly owns the RHC and the ARC

“Jiuzhou Hospital”                Yunnan Jinxin Jiuzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.* (雲南錦欣九州醫院有限公
                                  司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                  liability on September 24, 2003 and a subsidiary of the Group

“Jinyi Hongkang”                  Chengdu Jinyi Hongkang Corporate Management Co, Ltd.* (成都錦逸
                                  弘康企業管理有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                                  the laws of the PRC, the Group’s subsidiary by virtue of the 2021
                                  Contractual Arrangements and the 2022 Contractual Arrangements

“Jinyi Hongkang Registered        two individual shareholders of Jinyi Hongkang, namely Ms. Lyu Rong
   Shareholders”                  and Mr. Xu Jun

“Kangseed Investment”             a minority shareholding interest investment by the Group in the
                                  holding company of a company primarily operating an App for online
                                  health management for women

“Listing”                         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
                                  June 25, 2019

“Listing Date”                    June 25, 2019, being the date on which the Shares were listed on the
                                  Main Board

“Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange,
                                  as amended or supplemented from time to time




                                                           Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   265
      Definitions



      “Main Board”                               Main Board of the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                                 Issuers contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

      “Molecular Genetics Services”              medical services involving molecular genetics (分子遺傳)

      “MSA”                                      the amended and restated management services agreement dated
                                                 January 22, 2019 pursuant to which HRC Management provided
                                                 non-medical management services to HRC Medical

      “Physician Shareholders”                   Dr. Michael A. Feinman, Dr. Daniel A. Potter, Dr. Jane L. Frederick,
                                                 Dr. David Tourgeman, Dr. Bradford A. Kolb, Dr. John G. Wilcox, Dr.
                                                 Jeffrey Nelson and Dr. Robert Boostanfar, each a certified physician
                                                 in California, United States, and ultimate beneficial shareholder of
                                                 HRC Investment, and all of them together are connected persons of
                                                 our Company by virtue of being our substantial Shareholders

      “Prior Chengdu Xinan Hospital”             Chengdu Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成 都 西 囡 婦 科 醫 院), a
                                                 privately funded non-enterprise entity (民辦非企業單位) established
                                                 on March 31, 2010, predecessor of Chengdu Xinan Hospital

      “Prior Gaoxin Xinan Hospital”              Chengdu Gaoxin Xinan Gynecological Hospital (成 都 高 新 西 囡 婦
                                                 科醫院), a privately funded non-enterprise entity (民辦非企業單位)
                                                 established on May 27, 2013, predecessor of Gaoxin Xinan Hospital

      “Prospectus”                               the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 13, 2019

      “Renminbi” or “RMB”                        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Reporting Period”                         the twelve-month period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022

      “RHC”                                      Hong Kong Reproductive Health Centre Limited (香港生育康健中心有
                                                 限公司), a company established in Hong Kong with limited liability on
                                                 June 14, 2007, the Group’s indirect subsidiary

      “RSU”                                      a restricted share unit award granted to a participant under the RSU
                                                 Scheme

      “RSU Scheme”                               the restricted share award scheme conditionally adopted by the
                                                 Company on February 15, 2019, the principal terms of which are
                                                 summarized in “RSU Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus




266   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                                                                          Definitions



“Restricted Shares”                any Shares that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                   Eligible Participant under the 2022 Restricted Share Award Scheme

“Sichuan Jinxin Fertility”         Sichuan Jinxin Fertility Medical Management Co., Ltd. (四川錦欣生殖
                                   醫療管理有限公司), previously known as Chengdu Jinde Corporate
                                   Management Company Limited (成 都 錦 德 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability
                                   on September 12, 2016, our indirect subsidiary

“Share(s)”                         ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                   US$0.00001 each

“Shareholder(s)”                   holder(s) of Share(s)

“Share Option Scheme”              the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                   June 3, 2019, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Share
                                   Option Scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus

“Shenzhen Zhongshan Hospital”      Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital (深圳中山泌尿外科醫院)
                                   (previously known as Shenzhen Zhongshan Urological Hospital Co.,
                                   Ltd (深圳市中山泌尿外科醫院有限公司)), a company established in
                                   Shenzhen, PRC with limited liability on May 18, 2004, the Group’s
                                   indirect subsidiary that is a for-profit specialty hospital

“Stock Exchange”                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Subsidiary Director(s)”           the director(s) of any subsidiary of the Company

“success rate”                     the form of “clinical pregnancy rate” that has been adopted for
                                   discussion in the Prospectus and this annual report

“U.S.”, “US”, or “United States”   the United States of America

“U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$”          United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States of
                                   America

“VIE”                              variable interest entity

“VIE Entities”                     the entities that we control certain percentage of their shareholding
                                   through the Contractual Arrangements which comprised, as at the
                                   date of this annual report, Chengdu Xinan Hospital, Shenzhen
                                   Zhongshan Hospital, Jinxin Women and Children Hospital, Jiuzhou
                                   Hospital and Hewanjia Hospital




                                                              Annual Report 2022   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   267
      Definitions



      “Willsun AM”                               Willsun Asset Management Company Limited (華昇資產管理有限公司),
                                                 a limited liability incorporated in the PRC, an independent third party
                                                 subsequent to the Reorganization

      “Wuhan Jinxin Hospital”                    Wuhan Jinxin Integrated Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital Co,.
                                                 Ltd (武漢錦欣中西醫結合婦產醫院有限公司), a company established
                                                 in PRC with limited liability on February 17, 2006, the Group’s
                                                 indirect subsidiary

      In this annual report, the terms “associate”, “associated corporation”, “connected person”, “controlling
      shareholder” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules, unless the
      context otherwise requires.




268   Jinxin Fertility Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
