      Cowell AR2024 Fullcover̲18.5mm OP.pdf 1 16/4/2025 上午9:09




                       2024    年 度 報 告
                                                                                            2024
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT

 C



 M



 Y



CM



MY



CY



CMY



 K




                                                                 Annual Report 2024 年度報 告
Contents
Corporate Information                             2
Chairman’s Statement                              4
Management Discussion and Analysis                6
Directors and Senior Management                  20
Directors’ Report                                23
Corporate Governance Report                      47
Independent Auditor’s Report                     80
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         86
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                      87
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      88
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       90
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                  92
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    93
Five-Year Financial Summary                      151
Definitions                                      152
     Corporate Information

     COMPANY NAME                              AUDIT COMMITTEE

     Cowell e Holdings Inc.                    Ms. Liu Xia (Chairman)
                                               Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
     PLACE OF LISTING OF SHARES                Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung


     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited   REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     STOCK CODE                                Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh (Chairman)
                                               Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
     1415                                      Ms. Liu Xia


     STOCK NAME                                NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     Cowell                                    Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung (Chairman)
                                               Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
                                               Ms. Liu Xia
     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors                       REGISTERED OFFICE

     Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)                   PO Box 309
     Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng                         Ugland House
                                               Grand Cayman
     Non-Executive Directors                   KY1-1104
                                               Cayman Islands
     Mr. Chen Han-Yang
     Mr. Yang Li                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                  OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                               No. 1 Songbai Road
     Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh                          Huanan Industrial Zone
     Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung                        Liaobu Town
     Ms. Liu Xia                               Dongguan City
                                               Guangdong Province
     COMPANY SECRETARY                         People’s Republic of China

     Ms. Lam Wing Yan                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                   HONG KONG
     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                               Suite 1620
     Mr. Chen Han-Yang                         16/F, Ocean Centre
     Ms. Lam Wing Yan                          5 Canton Road
                                               Tsimshatsui
                                               Kowloon
                                               Hong Kong



2   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                    Corporate Information



AUDITOR                                                   COMPANY WEBSITE

KPMG                                                      www.cowelleholdings.com
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
    with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
    Ordinance
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


LEGAL ADVISOR

Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
17/F, One Island East
Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
   REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT

Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman
KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716
17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   3
     Chairman’s Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     I am pleased to present our key milestones and achievements for the financial year ended 31 December, 2024 on behalf
     of Cowell e Holdings Inc.

     2024 is a critical year full of challenges and uncertainties for global politics, economy, science, environment and other
     fields. While most people have resumed their normal production and life and economic activities have returned to
     normality, there are still severe challenges like successive interest rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve, the European
     energy crisis and debt risks in emerging markets. In terms of politics, the US election, intensified and changing Russo-
     Ukrainian conflict, geopolitical tensions in the Asia-Pacific and frequent unrests in the Middle East led to dramatic
     fluctuations in the international political landscape. In response to downward pressure of the economy and risks of
     rising uncertainties, governments of various countries adjusted their internal and external policies to maintain market
     confidence, while also strengthened their multilateral cooperation to seek breakthroughs. Escalating strategic competition
     between the US and China has also brought unprecedented changes to global trade, investment and technology
     exchanges. Overall, the world was in an unstable state of economic recovery and political turmoil in 2024, bringing
     various variables and challenges to future development.

     In a year full of challenges and opportunities, the Company’s achievement seemed particularly hard-earned. For the year
     ended 31 December, 2024, the revenue of the Company amounted to US$2,494.3 million, and the net profit stood at
     US$120.4 million, representing a 159.5% increase of net profit compared to 2023, demonstrating positive, steady and
     rapid growth. This achievement was only possible with the close cooperation with customers, improvement in the all-
     round ability of the Company, value empowerment and the concerted efforts and hard work of all employees, allowing us
     to deliver satisfactory results over the past year and quickly bring the Company’s growth back on track.

     Furthermore, in 2024, the Company made significant progress in technological innovations and automations. The
     Company has been increasing improving its research and development capabilities, with research and development
     expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 5.9% in 2023 to 3.1% in 2024, however, the amount of research
     and development expenses increased by 41.2% as compared to that of 2024. Such investment demonstrated the
     Company’s commitment to invest in research and investment, as only through continuous improvement can we
     enhance market recognition of and customers’ trust in the Company. Benefited from the continuous investment in
     research and development, automation technology and high-end talents, the Company was able to strengthen its core
     competitiveness in all aspects and its market recognition has been gradually increasing. The Company expects to further
     increase its investment in order to expand its capability base in the future. With its differentiation strategy and forward-
     looking plan, the Company could respond to market fluctuation and customer demand in a moderate manner, in order to
     dominate the market and achieve mutual benefit.




4   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                             Chairman’s Statement


We remain unswervingly optimistic about the development of global precision optics industry, with multi-dimensional
applications of optical products rapidly reaching millions of households. In addition to traditional consumer electronics
like smartphones, laptops, and tablets, emerging sectors such as robotics, augmented reality (“AR”), virtual reality (“VR”),
mixed reality (“MR”), micro-display, and healthcare will serve as primary drivers for the future growth of the Company.
Looking ahead to 2025, Cowell will steadily develop its base of consumer electronics, while strengthen its core
competitiveness, gradually improve its diverse layout and expand its product application scenarios through promoting
innovations, in order to enhance its resilience to risks of uncertainty.

Achieving carbon peaking and carbon neutrality is an extensive and profound systemic reform of the economy and the
society. The Company will proactively respond to the “dual-carbon” strategy and incorporate carbon emission reduction
targets into the long-term development strategy of the Company, while comprehensively promote carbon emission
reduction through improving its governance structure, formulating explicit policies, strengthening its risk management
and establishing quantifiable indicators. Relevant measures include advocating conservation and alternative measures
to reduce consumption of energy, water and natural resources; reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emission and carbon
footprint and water resources consumption; implementing reduction and alternative measures to minimize the use of
hazardous substances; recording the hazard types and quantities of raw materials and strictly enforcing identification and
precautions of forbidden materials; and proactively organizing energy and dual-carbon management and energy-saving
trainings to raise the environmental protection awareness of our employees. Through the guidance of corresponding
strategies and the formulation of countermeasures, we ensure the sustainable development of the Company amidst
global climate change.

Through previous challenges, we are deeply aware that even in the face of risks and adversities, pragmatism and
hard work have always been the key foundations for the Company’s development. We will continue to thrive with
determination and innovation. The unpredictable market landscape has brought many challenges to the Company’s
growth, but all members of the Company have always been united in its endeavors to meet the challenges and steadily
improve its performance. We will also actively contribute to our country and society, do our utmost to maximize
shareholders’ interests, create more mutually beneficial situations for our team and partners, and strive to become a
respected role model in the industry and on the global stage.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude and trust to all our employees,
management, shareholders, customers and partners. Looking ahead, we will adopt a more open and aggressive attitude
and bravely meet every challenge, working together to create a more promising future.




Mr. Meng Yan
Chairman




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   5
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     MARKET REVIEW

     According to the global economic review of 2024 in the 2025 World Economic and Financial Outlook Report published
     by the World Finance Forum (WFF), the global economy in 2024 was still struggling and recovering slowly amidst various
     challenges. With intensifying geopolitical risks and further trade fragmentations, industrial and supply chains entered a
     stage of in-depth adjustment, leading to declining global productivity, with global economy improving but demonstrating
     weak growth in 2024. As shown in the World Economic Outlook published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF),
     despite the global economic growth in 2024 remained unchanged from the previous forecast and the global economic
     growth forecast of 2025 is increased by 0.1% to 3.3%, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) still slightly lowered the
     estimated global trade volume of 2025 and 2026. The reason for the relevant revisions is the significant increase in
     uncertainties in trade policy. If protectionist policies continue to rise and escalate, it may lead to further intensification of
     trade tensions, bringing uncertainties to supply chain and affecting economic growth in the short and medium term. Only
     through multifaceted cooperation can nations accurately curb global fragmentation and maintain growth and stability.

     Turning our focus to the sector in which the Company operates, based on the statistical data from the International
     Data Corporation (“IDC”), the global sales volume of smartphones amounted to 1.24 billion units in 2024, representing
     a year-on-year increase of 6.4% as compared to that of 2023, recording growth for the sixth consecutive quarter. This
     signals a strong recovery of the global smartphone market after two years of challenging market landscape, and the
     global smartphone market will continue to grow in 2025. In terms of market share ranking, the IOS series emerged as
     the top-selling mobile phone globally, with sales volume reaching 232.1 million units, accounting for 18.7% of the market
     share. Despite adverse factors such as macroeconomic and foreign exchange market volatility, persistent inflation and
     low demand, the growth of the smartphone industry in 2024 is a testament to the resilience of the smartphone industry.
     With the popularity of artificial intelligence (AI) function, more generative AIs are incorporated into smartphones. AI will
     not only be a simple upgrade of smartphone hardware function, but also an in-depth revolution involving interaction,
     performance, security and ecosystem. Future mobile phones will be a true smart device, which will not only satisfy daily
     communication and entertainment needs, but will also play an important role as a digital assistant in work, study and life,
     creating unprecedented convenience and value for users.

     In 2024, development of global technological industries centered around intelligence and automation, with application
     of robotics rapidly expanding. Market demand for Light Detection And Ranging (LiDAR) further increased, while AR/VR
     technology will enjoy a new round of growth driven by hardware and software innovations. The development of these
     technologies has not only fueled the expansion of global market demand, but has also opened up more room of growth
     for the optical industry.

     With the advancement of artificial intelligence (AI), machine vision and multi-sensor fusion technology, the robotics
     industry rapidly expanded from industrial applications to diverse scenarios like smart cities, healthcare and consumer
     services in 2024. According to the World Robotics Report 2024 published by the International Federation of Robotics,
     the global robotics market size is expected to exceed US$73 billion by 2029. In the next few years, the demand for
     automation solutions in the international market will drive the global robot installation to rise again. The Chinese market,
     as the world’s largest robot application market, will continue to promote the application upgrading of the robotics
     industry with the fifth generation mobile communication technology (5G), Artificial Intelligence and the Internet of Things
     (AIoT) and smart manufacturing strategies. In the future, robots with high-precision sensory ability and intelligent
     decision-making ability will play a key role in various fields, driving the overall market growth. Robotics industry’s sensory
     technology is inseparable from the application of the optical scenario, which will also drive the development of the global
     optical industry.




6   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Applications of Light Detection And Ranging (LiDAR) further expanded in 2024, covering autonomous driving, industrial
automation, topographic mapping, machine vision, intelligent transportation and other application scenarios, among
which autonomous driving remained the core drive of the LiDAR market. According to the statistics and forecast of
QYResearch, the global market size of LiDAR amounted to US$1.472 billion in 2024, and is expected to reach US$3.795
billion by 2031, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 14.7% (2025–2031). For the Chinese market,
the penetration rate of LiDAR continued to increase, with more automobile manufacturers and technological enterprises
introducing LiDAR technology or products into their own products on a large scale. LiDAR technology is gradually
becoming a core component in different scenarios and solutions due to its significant advantages in sensory range,
accuracy and reliability, while also contributing to the improvement of the related industrial chain, bringing continuous
technological innovation and industrial upgrade to the market.

In 2024, driven by both technological iteration as well as content and ecology development, global AR/VR market saw a
new round of growth. Such growth was driven by a number of factors, such as its applications in healthcare, increased
demand in retail and e-commerce, deeper strategic cooperation between equipment manufacturers and various service
industries and applications in industrial settings. Benefiting from the innovation of software and hardware technologies
and matured supply chain, the rapid development and application of AI big models and the further integration of
interaction technologies, global AR/VR is expected to see rapid growth, providing broader development opportunities for
education, entertainment, remote collaboration and industrial applications.

The technology wave of 2024 is setting off a new chapter of cross-border integration and breakthroughs. With the
development of artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, LiDAR and global AR/VR technology, companies are not only seeking
changes in a single field, but also focusing on the integration of multiple technologies and cross-industry collaboration.
Adhering to a forward-looking mindset, the Company expanded to relevant technological fields in advance and secured
technological advantage by strengthening its research and development capability, optimizing its supply chain system
and expanding market cooperation, so as to ensure that we could remain our leading position within future global market
competition. Looking forward, the Company is confident in its business development and will continue to promote
innovation and explore more growth opportunities.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is a supplier of delicate optical modules for electronic mobile devices. It engages in the design, development,
manufacture and sale of a variety of modules and systems integration products that are applied in smartphones,
multimedia tablets, smart driving and other mobile devices of internationally-renowned brands.

The Group has continuously explored the business of precision optical modules deeply, focusing on product
improvement and technological innovation to meet the changing demands of customers and the market. Despite the
complex macroeconomic environment, with the market demand for precision optical modules remaining strong and
the Company’s continuous breakthroughs in the fields of smart driving and high-end mobile devices, there were steady
growth in various performance indicators of the Company, demonstrating strong market competitiveness and risk
resistance.

In 2024, the Group continued to focus on technological innovation and product upgrades, actively expanding into
emerging markets and multi-dimensional application scenarios, while exploring strategic synergies with its partners. With
a solid industrial foundation and an ever-improving supply chain system, the Company is expected to further expand
its market share amidst fierce global competition, maintain its leading position in the optical field and embrace new
opportunities in the intelligent era.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   7
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Group recorded an increase in revenue from approximately US$923.8
     million in 2023 to US$2,494.3 million in 2024 and recorded an increase in net profit attributable to equity shareholders
     of Company from approximately US$46.6 million in 2023 to US$119.1 million in 2024. The Group had total assets
     of US$1,442.6 million and total equity of US$523.7 million as of 31 December, 2024, as compared to total assets of
     US$943.3 million and total equity of US$415.2 million as of 31 December, 2023. The impairment loss on property, plant
     and equipment related to property, plant and equipment of front camera modules increased from US$1.2 million in 2023
     to US$49.4 million in 2024.

     In response to future market changes and the investment required to develop new products, and in order to address the
     challenges posed by the growing multidimensional demands of customers and the changing market environment, the
     Board has proposed no dividend distribution for the year ended 31 December, 2024, so as to ensure that the Group can
     remain a leading position in business development in the field of optics.


     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE STRATEGIES

     According to the 2025 World Economic and Financial Outlook Report published by the World Finance Forum (WFF)
     and the latest forecasts of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economy was still struggling amidst various
     challenges in 2024, with the slow recovery, fragmented international trade, intensified geopolitical risks and high
     inflationary pressure in certain developing countries, leading to relatively weak economic growth momentum. However,
     under this environment, the trend of technological innovation and digital transformation has brought new development
     opportunities for all industries, especially for the fields of intelligent terminals, autonomous driving, immersive experience
     and so on where demands are growing.

     In the face of global economic uncertainties and the demands for industrial upgrade, we are deeply aware that the
     Company must continuously increase its investment in research and development, strive to promote the mass production
     of new products and optimization of supply chain, collaborate with outstanding domestic and international partners,
     effectively improve product quality and market response speed, and rely on precision optical technology and innovative
     applications, in order to further consolidate its competitive advantages in the global market and achieve significant
     breakthroughs in rapidly growing fields, such as smartphones, multimedia tablets, smart driving, augmented reality (“AR”)
     and automation.

     With the continuous breakthroughs and refinements of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology, the global industry is
     undergoing an unprecedented wave of digital transformation which will have a profound impact on the Company’s future
     development. Leveraging the strength of AI in big data analysis, machine learning and automation technologies, the
     Company will be able to achieve more efficient quality control and intelligent optimization in the design and manufacturing
     process of precision optical modules, thereby enhancing product performance and market response speed.

     With the rapid advancement of AI, terminal products like smartphones and multimedia tablets are facing unprecedented
     iterations and improvement. The integration of AI not only promotes the innovation of product functions and performance,
     but also accelerates replacement pace, thus leading to a significant increase in demand for core components like
     high-precision optical components. Meanwhile, the integration of AI with AR/VR, Light Detection And Ranging (“LiDAR”),
     robotics and other emerging technologies will drive the fast implementation of new applications, facilitate cross-domain
     innovations and lead to more breakthroughs in fields like smart device, smart driving and smart city, which will create
     bigger market opportunities for the Company, strengthen its competitive edges and explore the wider market, creating
     significant business value against the backdrop of the new round of technological revolution in the future.




8   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


In response to the rapid development of AI, machine vision and multi-sensor fusion technology, the robotics industry
is expanding from traditional industrial applications to various scenarios, such as smart city, healthcare and consumer
services. Under this trend, the Company will become an indispensable technical support for the intelligent application of
robots by virtue of its profound accumulation in the field of high-precision optical sensory products like optical camera
modules and LiDAR. The application of optical sensory products is crucial to the robotics industry, which will also drive
the development of the global optical industry.

Applications of LiDAR has also been expanding in recent years, with demands for high-precision sensory technology in
fields such as autonomous driving, industrial automation, machine vision, intelligent transportation and so on continue
to grow. According to market forecasts, the global LiDAR market will expand rapidly at a compound annual growth
rate (CAGR) of 14.7% to reach US$3.795 billion by 2031. In the face of this development trend, by leveraging on its
technological advantages in the field of optical sensory, the Company has proactively developed its LiDAR product line and,
together with its partners, has endeavored to improve sensory accuracy, enhanced reliability and reduced manufacturing
costs in order to meet market demands for high-performance LiDAR.

In recent years, there are constant innovations in display technology. With its self-luminous characteristics, more efficient
display effect, high contrast ratio, low power consumption and excellent color reproduction capability, the potential
application of MicroLED technology in the display field is gradually emerging as an important innovation in the fields of
commercial displays, mobile devices and virtual reality devices, and has the opportunity to become the representative of
next-gen display technology. As a leading company focusing on precision optics, the Company will proactively respond
to industrial changes by actively developing MicroLED display technology and its related components, striving to provide
more efficient and power-saving display solutions, in order to meet growing demands of the market. As MicroLED
technology further improves, the Company will capture more development opportunities in this emerging market.

Talent is the most important core asset of the Company, and it is essential to have an excellent team to promote and
implement the Company’s strategies and policies in the course of growth. With the gradual expansion and rapid ramp up
of business, we must continue to invest in the training and building of a key high-caliber talent team to cater to the needs
of each business, and only in this way can we withstand market fluctuations and continuously provide the best services
to our customers.


Looking forward, for the new rapidly growing fields, the Company will continue to focus on enhancing cooperation
with existing customers, expanding new customer base, enriching product portfolio, accelerating process automation,
improving process capabilities, optimizing internal efficiency, and fully exploring the team’s comprehensive potential, in
a push to improve services and added value for customers while focusing on long-term product and business planning.
To this end, the Company will continue to increase its research and development resources, boost market development,
and build a team that is adaptive to the market, in order to deliver maximum value for all shareholders. With innovative
core and flexible strategies, the Group is expected to undergo stable growth amidst the global industrial restructuring and
upgrades in order to generate sustained and high returns for shareholders.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   9
      Management Discussion and Analysis



      FINANCIAL REVIEW

      The following table sets out the summary of business results for the year ended 31 December, 2024:

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December,
                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                   2024                2023          Changes
                                                                         (US$ in millions)   (US$ in millions)             %


       OPERATING RESULTS
           Revenue                                                               2,494.3               923.8          170.0%
           Gross profit                                                            290.9               127.8          127.6%
              Gross margin                                                        11.7%               13.8%
           Operating profit                                                        156.4                59.7          162.0%
              Operating margin                                                     6.3%                6.5%
           Net profit                                                              120.4                46.4          159.5%
              Net margin                                                           4.8%                5.0%


       ASSETS & LIABILITIES
           Total assets                                                          1,442.6               943.3           52.9%
              Current assets                                                     1,035.1               747.9           38.4%
              Non-current assets                                                   407.5               195.4          108.5%
           Total liabilities                                                       918.9               528.1           74.0%
              Current liabilities                                                  764.8               515.8           48.3%
              Non-current liabilities                                              154.1                12.3         1,152.8%
           Total equity                                                            523.7               415.2           26.1%


       EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                     US$0.139            US$0.055            152.7%


      Revenue

      The Group reported a total revenue of approximately US$2,494.3 million in 2024, representing an approximately 170%
      increase compared with that of 2023, which was mainly due to increased orders included new rear-end camera modules
      from customers.




10   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


Profit and Margin

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Group has reported gross profit, operating profit and net profit of US$290.9
million, US$156.4 million and US$120.4 million, respectively, as compared with US$127.8 million, US$59.7 million and
US$46.4 million, respectively, in the fiscal year of 2023. In terms of margins, the Group’s gross margin, operating margin
and net margin for the year ended 31 December, 2024 were 11.7%, 6.3% and 4.8%, respectively, as compared to
13.8%, 6.5% and 5.0%, respectively, in 2023.

During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Group did not experience any significant change of pricing policy for its
products and there was no material change in the unit cost of raw materials.

Key Financial Ratios

                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December,
                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                       2024                2023


 KEY FINANCIAL RATIO (%)
    Return on equity                                                                                 23.0%                11.2%
    Current ratio (times)                                                                              1.35                 1.45
    Quick ratio (times)                                                                                0.94                 1.19
    Gearing ratio                                                                                    12.8%                (55.0%)
    Debt to equity ratio                                                                             14.6%                (35.5%)


Return on Equity

The calculation of return on equity is based on profit for the period divided by capital and reserves and multiplied by
100%.

The Group’s return on equity at the end of the fiscal year of 2024 increased from 11.2% in 2023 to 23.0% in 2024,
primarily due to an increase in net profit for the year ended 31 December, 2024.

Current Ratio

The calculation of current ratio is based on current assets divided by current liabilities.

The Group’s current ratio decreased from 1.45 in 2023 to 1.35 in 2024, which was primarily due to the decrease in the
Group’s short-term bank loan, which were partially offset by corresponding decrease in the Group’s cash.

Quick Ratio

The calculation of the quick ratio is based on current assets less inventories divided by current liabilities.

The Group’s quick ratio decreased from 1.19 in 2023 to 0.94 in 2024, which was mainly due to the decrease in the
Group’s short-term bank loan, which were partially offset by corresponding decrease in the Group’s cash.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   11
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Gearing Ratio

      The calculation of gearing ratio is based on net debt (defined as bank loans and lease liabilities less cash and cash
      equivalents, bank deposits and pledged deposits) divided by the sum of net debt and total equity, and multiplied by
      100%.

      The Group’s gearing ratio increased from -55.0% in 2023 to 12.8% in 2024, which was primarily due to an increase in its
      liabilities.

      Debt to Equity Ratio

      The calculation of debt to equity ratio is based on net debt divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%.

      Consistent with its gearing ratio, the Group’s debt to equity ratio increased from -35.5% in 2023 to 14.6% in 2024, which
      was primarily due to an increase in its liabilities.

      Other Income

      Other loss increased by approximately 279.4% from approximately US$12.8 million of other income in 2023 to
      approximately US$23.0 million of other loss in 2024. This increase was mainly attributable to an increase of US$48.1
      million in impairment loss of property, plant and equipment and offset by an increase in exchange gain of approximately
      US$10 million and government subsidies of approximately US$1.6 million.

      Selling and Distribution Expenses

      The selling and distribution expenses increased by approximately 61.9% from approximately US$2.1 million in 2023
      to approximately US$3.4 million in 2024. This increase was mainly attributable to an increase of US$0.8 million in
      transportation expenses and an increase of US$0.5 million in labor costs.

      Administrative Expenses

      Administrative expenses increased by approximately 37.2% from approximately US$78.8 million in 2023 to approximately
      US$108.1 million in 2024. This increase was mainly attributable to increase in the research and development expense of
      approximately US$22.3 million, as well as an increase of US$7.0 million in other administrative expenses.

      Finance Costs

      Finance costs increased by approximately 94.8% from approximately US$9.6 million in 2023 to approximately US$18.7
      million in 2024, such increase was resulted from increase in interest expenses on bank loans.

      Income Tax

      The Group’s income tax expense increased by approximately 367.6% from approximately US$3.7 million in 2023 to
      US$17.3 million in 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to increase in profit before tax.




12   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Final Dividends

No dividend was paid during the year ended 31 December, 2024 (2023: Nil). The Directors do not recommend the
payment of a final dividend after the end of the reporting period (2023: Nil).

There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.


CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

As of 31 December, 2024, the Group had net current assets of approximately US$270.3 million, compared with net
current assets of approximately US$232.1 million as of 31 December, 2023, representing an increase of approximately
US$38.2 million.

Inventories

The Group’s inventory balance increased by approximately 135.4%, or approximately US$181.3 million, from
approximately US$133.9 million as of 31 December, 2023 to approximately US$315.2 million as of 31 December, 2024,
mainly due to increase in the stock of raw materials for the new rear camera modules and finished products.

The following table sets forth the Group’s average inventory turnover days for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                   As of 31 December,
                                                                                                                      2024                   2023
                                                                                                                     (US$ in millions)


 Inventory turnover days(Note)                                                                                         37.2                   62.4


Note: Inventory turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing inventory balances divided by the cost of sales for the
      relevant period and multiplied by the number of days in the period.


Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables represent outstanding amounts due from the Group’s customers for the purchase of its products.
Besides trade receivables, the Group’s other receivables and prepayments primarily comprise prepayments on the
purchase of components and materials, value-added tax refunds due and guarantee deposits for its leases.

The Group’s trade and other receivables increased by approximately 148.3%, or approximately US$259.6 million, from
approximately US$175.1 million as of 31 December, 2023 to approximately US$434.7 million as of 31 December, 2024.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       13
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      The table below sets forth an ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables (which are included in trade and other
      receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                                       As of 31 December,
                                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                                          (US$ in millions)


       Trade receivables
       Within 1 month                                                                                                     404.6                 101.2
       Over 1 to 2 months                                                                                                    0.2                  51.1
       Over 2 to 3 months                                                                                                    0.2                   0.1
       Over 3 months                                                                                                         0.2                   0.4


       Total                                                                                                              405.2                 152.8


      The following table sets forth the turnover days for the Group’s trade receivables for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December,
                                                                                                                          2024           2023


       Trade receivables turnover days(Note)                                                                                40.8                  66.1


      Note: Trade receivables turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing trade receivables divided by turnover for the
            relevant period multiplied by the number of days in the period.


      There is no significant change in the Group’s average trade receivables turnover days for the year ended 31 December,
      2024 compared with the year ended 31 December, 2023.

      Other receivables mainly represented bank interest income receivables and value-add tax receivables.

      Trade and Other Payables

      Trade payables represent outstanding amounts due on the Group’s purchases of components and materials and
      equipment from external suppliers. Apart from trade payables, the Group’s accrued charges and other payables primarily
      comprise accrued salaries and other remuneration benefits and interest expenses payable.

      The Group’s trade and other payables increased by approximately 128.3%, or approximately US$301.6 million, from
      approximately US$235.0 million as of 31 December, 2023 to approximately US$536.6 million as of 31 December, 2024,
      primarily due to an increase in the purchased components and materials resulting mainly stocking up at the year-end of
      2023.




14   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth an ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables (which include in trade and other
payables) based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                                 As of 31 December,
                                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                                  (US$ in millions)


 Trade payables
 Within 1 month                                                                                                    205.4                 125.2
 Over 1 to 3 months                                                                                                119.6                  82.3
 Over 3 to 6 months                                                                                                152.0                   1.7


 Total                                                                                                             477.0                 209.2


The following table sets out the turnover days for the Group’s trade payables for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December,
                                                                                                                   2024           2023


 Trade payables turnover days(Note)                                                                                  56.8                  92.9


Note: Trade payables turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing trade payables divided by cost of sales for the
      relevant period multiplied by the number of days in the period.


Other payable mainly represented accrued charges and machine payable.

The Group’s average trade payables turnover days for the year ended 31 December, 2024 were lower as compared with
the year ended 31 December, 2023, which were due to increase in the cost and were partially offset by an increase in
the Group’s payables.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had total assets of approximately US$1,442.6 million (31 December 2023:
US$943.3 million); net current assets of approximately US$270.3 million (31 December 2023: US$232.1 million) and total
equity of approximately US$523.7 million (31 December 2023: US$415.2 million).

The Group has a solid financial position and continued to maintain a strong and steady inflow from operating activities. As at
31 December 2024, the Group had approximately US$113.3 million (31 December 2023: US$96.7 million) of cash and cash
equivalents. The Directors believe that the current cash and cash equivalents and expected cash flow from operations, will
be sufficient to satisfy the current operational requirements of the Group. As at 31 December 2024, guarantee is provided
by the Company and ultimate controlling party to secure the banking facilities granted amounting to US$832 million (31
December 2023: US$361 million).




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      15
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Borrowings

      As of the close of business on 31 December, 2024, the Group had aggregate banking facilities of approximately
      US$831.9 million, of which US$266.5 million were utilized. Other than this, the Group did not have any other outstanding
      debt securities, charges, mortgages or other similar indebtedness, hire purchase or guarantee or other material
      contingent liabilities.

      Pledge of the Group’s Assets

      As at 31 December, 2024, the Group’s pledged deposits of approximately US$10.5 million represented deposits
      provided to secure certain bank loans in the PRC (31 December 2023: US$74.3 million).

      Capital Expenditures and Commitments

      The Group’s capital expenditures (equivalent to the cash spent for payment for purchases of property, plant and
      equipment and intangible assets) for the year ended 31 December, 2024 amounted to approximately US$248.0 million
      which was funded through cash flow from operation, compared to approximately US$80.8 million for the year ended
      31 December, 2023. The Group’s capital expenditures in 2024 mainly reflected purchases of additional machinery and
      equipment to produce more advanced Flip-chip camera modules. The Group intends to fund the Group’s planned future
      capital expenditures through a combination of cash flow from operating activities and possible fund raising exercise.

      Contingent Liabilities


      As at 31 December, 2024, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.

      Interest Coverage Ratio

      The interest coverage ratio increased from 6.2 in 2023 to 8.4 in 2024, which was primarily due to an increase in profit
      from operations which were partially offset by corresponding increase in interest expenses.

      Treasury Policies

      The Group has adopted a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policies and thus maintained
      a healthy liquidity position throughout the period under review. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the
      Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of its assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet
      funding requirements from time to time.




16   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis



QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ON MARKET RISK

The Group’s exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of its business. The
market risks to which the Group is exposed to, as well as its practices to manage such risks, are as follows:

Credit Risk

The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from
cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are banks for which the Group considers to have low
credit risk. In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers. These
evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and may take
into account information specific to the customer and the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
and other receivables are generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
than three months overdue are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted. Normally,
the Group does not obtain collateral from its customers. In respect of deposits with banks, the Group only places its
deposits with the major financial institutions which the management believes such institutions have a high credit rating.

The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced primarily by the individual characteristics of each customer, and to a
lesser extent, by the default risk of the industry and country in which its customers operate. As of 31 December, 2024,
92.5% (2023: 73.1%) of the Group’s trade receivables were due from its largest customer, and 99.9% (2023: 99.6%) of
its trade receivables were due from its five largest customers in aggregate.

Liquidity Risk

The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor liquidity risk so as to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet
its liquidity requirements in the short and long term. The Group’s bank loans amount to US$324.1 million (2023: US274.8
million) as at 31 December, 2024.

Please refer to note 24(b) to the consolidated financial statements for further information.

Interest Rate Risk

The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from its interest-bearing borrowings subject to variable rates and those
subject to fixed rates, which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risks. As of 31 December, 2024, the Group’s
variable rate borrowings amounted is US$Nil (2023: US$Nil).

As at 31 December, 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all
other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after taxation and retained profits by
approximately is US$Nil (2023: US$Nil). Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected in response to a
general increase/decrease in interest rates.

Please refer to note 24(d) to the consolidated financial statements for further details.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   17
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Currency Risk

      The Group’s exposure to currency risk arises primarily through sales and purchases giving rise to receivables, payables
      and cash balances that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they
      relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Hong Kong dollars (pegged to the U.S. dollar), Renminbi and
      Korean Won.

      The functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the PRC and Korea are U.S.
      dollars, U.S. dollars, Renminbi and Korean Won, respectively. While both the Group’s sales of products and purchases
      of components, materials and equipment are denominated mainly in U.S. dollars, a portion of its purchases, as well as its
      labor and other operating costs, are denominated in other currencies, including Renminbi and Korean Won. For the year
      ended 31 December, 2024, the Group did not use any forward exchange contracts or other derivative instruments to
      hedge against fluctuations in currency exchange rates applicable to us.

      Please refer to note 24(c) to the consolidated financial statements for further details.


      SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF
      SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

      There were no significant investments held, and no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and associated
      companies of the Company performed by the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2024.


      HUMAN RESOURCES

      The Group employed a total of approximately 6,035 full-time employees as of 31 December, 2024 (31 December
      2023: 5,764). Total staff costs for the year ended 31 December 2024, excluding Directors’ remuneration, amounted to
      approximately US$124.2 million (2023: US$65.9 million).

      In particular, professional employment agencies located in Dongguan, the PRC, have been involved for purpose of
      hiring most of the Group’s factory workers. The Group also provides living, entertainment, dining and training facilities
      for its employees. The scope of the training includes human resources policy, health and safety, management skills and
      machine and equipment manuals as well as other various topics.

      The Group has an emolument policy with respect to its long-term incentive schemes. The basis of determining
      emoluments payable to the Directors is made on a discretionary basis with reference to the Company’s operating results,
      individual performance and comparable market statistics. Furthermore, the Board has delegated the remuneration
      committee to review and make decisions in respect of the remuneration packages and overall benefits for the Directors
      and senior management of the Company. The emolument policy of the Group is determined by the Board on the basis of
      the merit, qualifications and competence of the personnel.




18   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Furthermore, to provide incentive or reward to our employees for their contribution or potential contribution to, and
continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Group with greater flexibility, the Group had terminated the share
option scheme of the Company adopted on 4 February 2015 and adopted a new share option scheme on 5 May 2021
(the “Share Option Scheme”). During the year ended 31 December 2024, 9,242,000 options had been exercised,
158,000 options had been cancelled, and 310,000 options had been lapsed. As at 31 December 2024, based on the
number of options granted which had not been exercised, cancelled and/or lapsed, the total number of Shares available
for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 47,310,880, representing approximately 5.49% of the issued shares of
the Company as at the date of this annual report. For details of the Share Option Scheme, please refer to the circular of
the Company dated 20 April 2021 and the section headed “Share Option Scheme” in this annual report. Furthermore,
the Company adopted a share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”) on 21 March 2024. During the year ended
31 December 2024, 13,620,000 awarded shares were granted to employees. For details of the Share Award Scheme,
please refer to the section headed “Share Award Scheme” in this annual report.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   19
      Directors and Senior Management

      As of the date of this annual report, the Board consists of seven Directors including two executive Directors, two
      non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The following sets forth the profile of the
      Directors and senior management:

      Executive Directors

      Mr. Meng Yan (“Mr. Meng”) (孟岩), aged 49, is an executive Director and chairman of the Board. Mr. Meng obtained
      a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of
      China (電子科技大學) in 1998. Mr. Meng has extensive experience in operation, investment and corporate management.
      He has previously worked in leading companies in the electronic industries, such as International Business Machines
      Corporation, Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (now known as Sony Mobile Communications Corporation) and
      Knowles Corporation. He joined the Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited as a vice president in 2016. Mr. Meng
      was appointed as an executive Director on 15 January, 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15
      January, 2024. He was appointed as the chairman of the Board on 1 March, 2021.

      Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng (“Mr. Wu”) (吳英政), aged 57, is an executive Director, the chief executive officer (“CEO”) and
      the chief financial officer (“CFO”) of the Company. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in material science from the
      Department of Mechanical Engineering of the National Chung Hsing University (國立中興大學) in 1993. Mr. Wu has
      been working in the semiconductor assembly technology and camera module development industries since 1995. He
      has been a general manager of Lite-On Singapore Pte. Limited for portable image device business unit since 2015 and
      a general manager of Luxvisions Innovation Limited since 2018. Mr. Wu was appointed as an executive Director on 15
      January, 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15 January, 2024. He was appointed as a CEO
      and chief financial officer of the Company on 1 March, 2021.

      Non-executive Directors

      Mr. Chen Han-Yang (“Mr. Chen”) (陳漢洋), aged 54, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Chen obtained a master’s
      degree in banking and finance from the Tamkang University (台灣淡江大學) in 1998. Mr. Chen has been working in the
      investment, mergers and acquisitions and corporate management in Fortune 500 corporations. He has been the head
      of investment of Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited since 2016 and has been primarily responsible for corporation
      investment. Mr. Chen has extensive experience in the consumer electronics industry. Mr. Chen was appointed as a
      non-executive Director on 1 March, 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 1 March, 2024.

      Mr. Yang Li (“Mr. Yang”) (楊立), aged 39, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Yang joined Luxshare Precision Industry
      Co., Limited in July 2007. He has over 10 years of experiences in supply chain and operation management in consumer
      electronics industry. He has been chief operating officer of Shenzhen Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited, Bozhou
      Lanto Electronics Co., Limited and Luxshare Precision Industry (Chuzhou) Co., Limited. He has extensive experience
      in supply chain management. Mr. Yang was appointed as a non-executive Director on 1 March, 2021 and renewed his
      appointment for next three years from 1 March, 2024..




20   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                          Directors and Senior Management


Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh (“Ms. Su”) (蘇艶雪), aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the
remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) and a member of each of the audit
committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.
Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in international business from the National Taiwan University (國立台灣大學)
in 1991 and a master’s degree in industrial administration from the Carnegie Mellon University in 1993. Ms. Su has
extensive experience in investments and mergers and acquisitions in the technology sector. She was a top ranked
technology analyst for ABN AMRO Bank and UBS before joining AsusTeK Computer Inc. as a chief investment officer in
2004. She spearheaded the AsusTeK Computer Inc. and Pegatron Corporation restructuring in 2009 and retired from
her position of senior vice president for investment and business development from Pegatron Corporation in 2013. Ms.
Su currently serves on the boards of TXC Corporation, Eslite Spectrum Corporation and Universal Cement Corporation
as an independent director, and on the board of Spotfilms Company Limited as a Corporate director representative. Ms.
Su was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 January, 2021 and renewed her appointment for next
three years from 15 January, 2024.

Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung (“Mr. Tsai”) (蔡鎮隆), aged 52, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the
Nomination Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee. Mr. Tsai
obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in information system from the Western United States International University and
a master’s degree majoring in electronic computer engineering from the Arizona State University. Mr. Tsai is currently
the chief strategy officer of Taiwan Luxshare-ICT Company Limited, a director of Stech International Company Limited,
a director of Space Speed Technology Limited, the chairman of the board of directors of Speedtech (LS-ICT) Company
Limited, the legal representative of Luxshare-ICT Inc., the legal representative of Leader Precision Industry Corporation
Limited, a director of Luxshare Precision Accessory (Kunshan) Limited, and the chairman of Toyoshima Corporation (M)
Sdn. Bhd. Mr. Tsai was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 January, 2021 and renewed his
appointment for next three years from 15 January, 2024.

Ms. Liu Xia (“Ms. Liu”) (劉霞), aged 59, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the Audit Committee
and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Ms. Liu graduated with a
bachelor’s degree in Industrial and Economics Management from the Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in
1988 and completed an in-service postgraduate course in Finance at the Central University of Finance and Economics
in 2004. From July 1988 to February 1993, she was appointed as a staff member and Chief Officer of the Finance
Department’s Plant Representative Office of Ansteel Group Corporation Limited by the Finance Bureau of Anshan
City, Liaoning Province under the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), in which role she
undertook supervision and review of finance matters and formulation of policies for state-owned enterprises.

From March 1993 to March 1999, she successively worked as Project Manager, Department Manager, Chief Accountant
and Deputy General Manager of DeveChina International Appraisals Co., Ltd. During her tenure at DeveChina
International Appraisals Co., Ltd., she was engaged in and led major listing-related valuation projects such as the A
share listing of Changhong Huayi Compressor Co., Ltd., the A share listing of FAW Car Co., Ltd. and the H share listing
of Sinopec Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Since April 1999, she has been working as a Director and Senior Deputy
General Manager of China Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.. During her tenure at China Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd., she was
engaged in and led major listing valuation projects, such as the secondary share issuance of Shandong International
Power Development Co., Ltd., the A share listing of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, the rights issue of GD
Power Development Co., Ltd., the debt for equity swap of Panzhihua Steel (Group) Co., Ltd., the rights issue of Harbin
Dongan Automotive Power Co., Ltd., the assets reorganization (H shares) of Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd., the secondary
share issuance of TianChuang Property Co., Ltd., the reorganisation and overall listing of Bengang Steel Plates Co.,



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   21
      Directors and Senior Management


      Ltd., the disposal of employee shares during the initial public offering of CSR Corporation Limited, the A share listing of
      China National Chemical Engineering Co., Ltd., the initial offering application at ChiNext of Landocean Energy Services
      Co., Ltd., the establishment of CECEP Solar Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and the major assets reorganization project of
      CETC Energy Joint-Stock Co., Ltd. Ms. Liu was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 26 July, 2021
      and renewed her appointment for next three years from 24 July, 2024.

      Save as disclosed above, the Directors (i) have not held any directorships in other listed public companies, whether in
      Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; and (ii) do not have any other relationships with any Directors, senior
      management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. Regarding the Directors’ interests in shares
      of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, please refer to the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief
      Executive Officers’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or its
      associates corporations” in the Directors’ Report section of this report for more details. Save as disclosed above, there is
      no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


      SENIOR MANAGEMENT

      The senior management team of the Group, in addition to the Directors listed above, is as follows:

      Mr. Hwang Young-Hwan (“Mr. Hwang”), aged 50, is the director of the production department of Cowell China. Mr.
      Hwang received a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Inha University in February 2002. He had worked at
      LG Electronics Inc. as a quality manager from 2002 to 2008. From 2009 to 2017, Mr. Hwang had worked at LG Innotek
      Company Limited as a quality senior manager. He joined Cowell China in June 2017. Mr. Hwang had over 20 years of
      working experience in consumer electronics industry.

      Mr. Ryu Jin-Kyu (“Mr. Ryu”), aged 54, is a director of the international business department of Cowell China. Prior
      to joining Cowell China in August 2015, Mr. Ryu had over 20 years of work experience in the quality division of the
      semiconductor manufacturing industry. Mr. Ryu started his career in the quality division of Hynix Semiconductor Inc., one
      of the major semiconductor manufacturing companies in the world, and had worked there for 4 years from 1994 to 1997.
      From 1997 to 2015, Mr. Ryu had served as a senior manager in the quality division of Dongbu Hitek Company Limited
      which was the first runner of non-memory semiconductor foundry business in Korea. Mr. Ryu received a bachelor’s
      degree in Metallurgical Engineering from Hanyang University in February 1994.


      COMPANY SECRETARY

      Ms. Lam Wing Yan (“Ms. Lam”), aged 48, is the senior finance manager of Cowell Hong Kong and was appointed
      as the company secretary of the Company on 17 September, 2014. Ms. Lam joined the Group in August 2013 and
      has been primarily responsible for corporate financial management. She has over 20 years of experience in corporate
      financial management, accounting and the company secretarial area. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Lam held various
      positions, including the senior manager of finance and operations at Iriver Hong Kong Limited, a private company based
      in Hong Kong which provides, among others, broadcasting equipment and semiconductors, and the holding company
      of which is listed on the Korea Exchange, for approximately 10 years from March 2001 to June 2011. Ms. Lam obtained
      a master’s degree in business administration from the University of South Australia in March 2012. Ms. Lam is a certified
      public accountant, a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a fellow member of the
      Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




22   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                      Directors’ Report

The Board is pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
the year ended 31 December, 2024. The business review is disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion
and Analysis”, which forms part of this Director’s Report, on page 6 in this annual report.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements. The Group is a major supplier of camera modules for mobile devices. The Group
primarily engages in the design, development, manufacture and sale of a variety of camera modules that serve as critical
components for smartphones, multimedia tablets and other mobile devices with camera functions. Major customers for
the Group’s camera modules include some of the leading mobile device manufacturers in the world. The Group also
designs, develops, manufactures and sells optical components used in a number of consumer electronics products.
Major customers for the Group’s optical components include subsidiaries or affiliates of leading global electronics
companies.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2024 and the state of the Company’s and the Group’s affairs
as at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 80 to 150.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend after the end of the reporting period.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ENTITLEMENT TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday, 29 May, 2025. The notice of the AGM
will be published and despatched to the Shareholders in due course.

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed
from Monday, 26 May, 2025 to Thursday, 29 May, 2025, both dates inclusive, during which period no transfers of
shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, Shareholders must
complete and lodge all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates with the Company’s branch
share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 23
May, 2025.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   23
      Directors’ Report



      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

      A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five years ended 31 December, 2024 are set out
      on page 151 of this annual report. That summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.


      SHARE CAPITAL

      Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 23(b) to the consolidated financial
      statements.


      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

      Distributability of reserves of the Company

      The application of the share premium account is governed by the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. Under the
      Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in share premium account are distributable to the Shareholders
      provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in
      a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

      As at 31 December, 2024, the reserves of the Company available for distribution to the Shareholders amounted to
      approximately US$71,899,000 (2023: US$72,795,000).


      DONATIONS

      Charitable donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December, 2024 amounted to US$8,400,000 (2023:
      Nil).


      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

      There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant laws of the Cayman
      Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.


      PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
      during the year ended 31 December, 2024.




24   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report



SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a Share Option Scheme by a resolution of its Shareholder on 4 February, 2015 (the “Old
Share Option Scheme”). The termination of the Old Share Option Scheme was approved pursuant to an ordinary
resolution of Shareholders passed on 5 May, 2021. No options were granted under the Old Share Option Scheme since
its termination.

The Company’s existing share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme” or the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant
to the resolution of our Shareholders passed on 5 May, 2021 to provide greater flexibility for the Company to grant share
options and provide incentives and/or rewards to eligible persons for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to
promote the interests of the Group.

Purpose of the Share Option Scheme

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide an incentive or a reward to selected Eligible Participants (as
defined in paragraph “Who may join” below) for their contribution or potential contribution to, and continuing efforts to
promote the interests of, the Group or any invested entity and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre
employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or invested entity.

The Board is of the view that the Share Option Scheme may provide the Eligible Participants with the opportunity of
participating in the growth of the Group by acquiring shares in the Company which may in turn assist in the attraction
and retention of the Eligible Participants. To ensure the achievement of the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, its
rules do not specify any minimum holding period and/or performance targets as a condition for the exercise of an option
but subject to the determination of the Board. The Board is given the authority under the Share Option Scheme rules
to determine and state in the offer letter of grant any minimum holding period and/or performance targets as conditions
for exercise of an option. In addition, the Board has the authority under the Share Option Scheme rules to determine
the basis of eligibility of any Eligible Participant and the grant of an option on a case by case basis as the Board in its
sole discretion considers appropriate. Hence, the Board believes that the rules of the Share Option Scheme will serve to
achieve its purpose as well as protect the value of the Company.

Who may join

The Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Board
may determine to:

(i)     any employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the Company, any of the subsidiaries and any invested entity;

(ii)    any Director (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive directors) of the Company, any
        subsidiary or any invested entity;

(iii)   any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any invested entity;

(iv)    any customer of the Group or any invested entity; or

(v)     any business or joint venture partners, contractors, agents or representatives, consultants, advisers or service
        providers that provides research, development, professional service or other technological support to the Group or
        any invested entity, (together with (i) to (iv) above, collectively, the “Eligible Participant”).



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   25
      Directors’ Report


      Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted

      The maximum number of the Shares in respect of which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all share options,
      (“Option”) to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
      in aggregate exceed 83,436,880 Shares, representing 10 per cent. (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the issued share
      capital of the Company as at the date which the Share Option Scheme is approved by the Shareholders, excluding for
      this purpose options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other share
      option schemes of the Company, provided that:

      (i)     the Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to renew the Scheme Mandate Limit such
              that the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted by the Directors under the Scheme
              and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not exceed 10 per cent. (the “Renewal Limit”) of the
              issued share capital of the Company at the date of approval to renew such limit. Options previously granted under
              the Scheme (including those outstanding, cancelled, lapsed in accordance with the Scheme or exercised Options)
              shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Renewal Limit. The Company shall send a circular to the
              Shareholders containing the information required under the Listing Rules and the disclaimer required under the
              Listing Rules for the purpose of seeking the approval of the Shareholders for the Renewal Limit.

      (ii)    the Company may authorise the Directors to grant Options to specified Eligible Participants beyond the Scheme
              Mandate Limit or the Renewal Limit if the grant of such Options is specifically approved by the Shareholders in
              general meeting. In such case, the Company must send a circular to the Shareholders in connection with the
              general meeting at which their approval will be sought containing a generic description of the specified Eligible
              Participants who may be granted such Options, the number and terms of the Option to be granted, the purpose of
              granting Options to the specified Eligible Participants with an explanation as to how the terms of the Options serve
              such purpose, the information and the disclaimer required under the Listing Rules and such further information as
              may be required by the Stock Exchange from time to time.

      (iii)   if the Company or the subsidiary conducts a share consolidation or subdivision after the 10% limit has been
              approved in general meeting, the maximum number of securities that may be issued upon exercise of all options
              to be granted under all of the share option schemes of the Company or the subsidiary under the 10% Scheme
              Mandate Limit as a percentage of the total number of issued shares at the date immediately before and after such
              consolidation or subdivision shall be the same.

      The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
      exercised under the Scheme, the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not exceed 30
      per cent. of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No Options shall be granted under the Scheme or any
      other share option scheme of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which will result in the limit being exceeded.

      The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted shall be adjusted in such manner as the
      auditors of the Company shall certify in writing to the Board to be fair and reasonable in the event of any alteration to
      the capital structure of the Company whether by way of capitalization of profits or reserves, rights issue, consolidation,
      reclassification, reconstruction, subdivision or reduction of the share capital of the Company but shall not in any event
      exceed the limits imposed by the Listing Rules.




26   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report


Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant

Unless approved by Shareholders in general meeting in the manner prescribed in the Listing Rules, the Board shall not
grant options to any Eligible Participant or grantee if the acceptance of those options would result in the total number of
Shares issued and to be issued to that Eligible Participant or grantee on exercise of his options (including both exercised
and outstanding options) during any 12 month period exceeding 1% of the total Shares then in issue.

Acceptance of an offer of options

An offer of the grant of an Option shall be made to Eligible Participants in writing (and unless so made shall be invalid) in
such form as the Board may from time to time determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant
concerned for a period of twenty-one (21) days inclusive of, from the date upon which it is made provided that no such
offer shall be open for acceptance after the earlier of the 10th anniversary of the adoption date (i.e. 5 May, 2021) or the
termination of the Share Option Scheme or the Eligible Participant to whom such offer is made has ceased to be an
Eligible Participant.

A non-refundable nominal consideration of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantee upon acceptance of an Option. An Option
shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the Option duly signed by
the Eligible Participant together with the said consideration of HK$1.00 is received by the Company.

Any offer of the grant of an Option may be accepted in respect of less than the number of Shares in respect of which it is
offered provided that it is accepted in such number of Shares as represents a board lot for the time being for the purpose
of trading on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof.

Exercise price

The exercise price shall be a price determined by the Board but in any event shall be at least the highest of:

(i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets on the date
        of offer;

(ii)    the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation
        sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer; and

(iii)   the nominal value of the Shares on the date of offer.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   27
      Directors’ Report


      Restriction on the time of grant of options

      A grant of Options shall not be made after inside information has come to the knowledge of the Company until (and
      including) the trading day after it has been announced pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Rules and the Inside
      Information Provisions of Part XIVA of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). In
      particular, during the period of one month immediately preceding the earlier of:-

      (i)    the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing
             Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period
             (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and

      (ii)   the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year, half-year and quarterly period
             under the Listing Rules, or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules),

      and ending on the date of the results announcement. No option may be granted during any period of delay in publishing
      a results announcement. Without prejudice to the foregoing, no option shall be granted during the period specified in the
      Listing Rules as being a period during which no option may be granted.

      Rights are personal to the grantee

      An Option shall be personal to the grantee and shall not be assignable and no grantee shall in any way sell, transfer,
      charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest whatsoever in favour of any third party over or in relation to any
      Option or enter into any agreement so to do. Any breach of the foregoing by a grantee shall entitle the Company to
      cancel any Option or part thereof granted to such grantee to the extent not already exercised.

      Time of exercise of Option and duration of the Share Option Scheme

      An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date upon
      which the Option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The period
      during which an option may be exercised will be determined by our Board in its absolute discretion, save that no option
      may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. No option may be granted more than 10 years after the
      date of approval of the Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier termination by our Company in general meeting or by
      our Board, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of its adoption (i.e.
      5 May, 2021). Accordingly, the Share Option Scheme has a remaining life of approximately 6 years and 1 month as at
      the date of this report. There is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.




28   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report


Movement of the share options

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Company did not grant any share options (2023: no options were granted)
to any eligible persons under the Share Option Scheme. Base on the Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares
for issue under the Scheme is 83,436,880, representing approximately 9.67% of the total number of issued Shares of the
Company as at the date of this annual report. Movement of the share options under the Share Option Scheme during the
reporting period are listed below:


                                                   Number of Options
                                                                                                          Closing price
                             As at    Exercised      Cancelled        Lapsed            As at             of the Shares
                        1 January,        during         during        during    31 December,   Exercise      before the
                             2024     the period     the period    the period            2024       price date of grant    Date of grant(3)   Vesting period
                                                                                                   (HK$)          (HK$)


  Directors of the Company
  Meng Yan(1)           3,150,000       953,000              —              —       2,197,000      4.144            4.09     25 May, 2021     25 May, 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                24 May, 2026
  Wu Ying-Cheng(1)      1,980,000       217,000              —              —       1,763,000      4.144            4.09     25 May, 2021     25 May, 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                24 May, 2026
  Chen Han-Yang(1)      1,680,000       200,000              —              —       1,480,000      4.144            4.09     25 May, 2021     25 May, 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                24 May, 2026
  Yang Li(1)            1,680,000       560,000              —              —       1,120,000      4.144            4.09     25 May, 2021     25 May, 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                24 May, 2026
  Employee participants
  Continuous contract 17,256,000      4,305,000         149,000         80,000     12,722,000      4.144            4.09   25 May, 2021(1)    25 May, 2021 to
    Employee(1)(2)                                                                                                                              24 May, 2026
                        10,488,000    3,007,000           9,000        230,000      7,242,000       4.84          4.758        15 October,    15 October, 2021 to
                                                                                                                                   2021(2)      14 October, 2026


  Total                36,234,000     9,242,000         158,000        310,000     26,524,000


Note:

(1)       On 25 May, 2021, a total of 45,450,000 Options were granted to certain Directors, chief executive and certain employees of the Group, and the
          exercise period of the Options are as follows:

          (a)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May, 2022 to 24
                 May, 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (b)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May, 2023 to 24
                 May, 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (c)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May, 2024 to 24
                 May, 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (d)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May, 2025 to 24
                 May, 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (e)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May, 2026 to 24
                 May, 2031, both dates inclusive.

          For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25 May, 2021.




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         29
      Directors’ Report


      (2)   On 15 October, 2021, a total of 17,200,000 Options were granted to certain continuous contract employees of the Group, and the exercise period
            of the Options are as follows:

            (a)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October, 2022 to 14
                   October, 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (b)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October, 2023 to
                   14 October, 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (c)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October, 2024 to
                   14 October, 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (d)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October, 2025 to
                   14 October, 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (e)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October, 2026 to 14
                   October, 2031, both dates inclusive.

            For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 October, 2021.

      (3)   Save as disclosed, no options had been granted to other director, chief executive, substantial shareholders of the Company, participants in excess
            of the individual limit and/or other related entity participants and/or service providers under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption.


      For the vesting conditions, in each of the aforesaid exercise period, if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for
      the preceding calendar year before an exercise period is level B or C, the Board is entitled to cancel some options
      exercisable in that exercise period of that Grantee; and if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for the preceding
      calendar year before an exercise period is level D, the Board is entitled to cancel all options exercisable in that exercise
      period of that Grantee.

      During the reporting period, 9,242,000 options (2023: 13,861,000 options) were exercised under Share Option Scheme.
      For the options exercised during the reporting period, the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
      before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$23.45 (2023: HK$18.142).

      Considering a total of 62,650,000 options were granted before the year ended 31 December, 2022, and no options were
      granted during the reporting period, the number of options available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit as at the
      1 January, 2024 and 31 December, 2024 remained as 20,786,880.

      Based on the Scheme Mandate Limit and subtracting the number of options exercised, cancelled and/or lapsed, the
      total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 46,939,800, representing approximately
      5.44% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report.

      The number of shares that may be issued in respect of Options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company
      during the year ended 31 December, 2024 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the year is
      5.51%.

      Other details of options granted by the Company, including but not limited to the fair value of the options at the date
      of the grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted, are set out in note 21 to the consolidated financial
      statements.




30   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report



SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Board approved the adoption of a share award scheme for the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) on 21
March 2024 (the “Adoption Date”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, existing Shares will be purchased by
Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited (the “Trustee”), a trustee corporation appointed by the Company for the
administration of the Scheme, and any additional or replacement trustee (if applicable), from the secondary market out of
cash contributed by the Company and be held on trust for the selected employees until such Shares are vested with the
selected employees in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme. No share options can be granted under
the Share Award Scheme. While the Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules, it does not involve issue of new shares and as such, the adoption of the Share Award Scheme was not subject to
Shareholders’ approval.

Set out below is a summary of the Share Award Scheme:

Purposes of the Share Award Scheme and who may join

The purposes of the Share Award Scheme is to motivate any employee (the “Employee”) of the Group employed
under a contract of employment and shall include any person who has been an employee of the Company and/or our
subsidiaries so employed (including without limitation any executive director and non-executive director of any member
of the Group), and to optimize their performance and efficiency for the benefit of the Group, and retain talents and attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any Employee (other than any Employees who is
resident in a place where, as determined by the Board or the Trustee (as the case may be), the grant, vesting and/or
settlement of the awarded shares and related income pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme at the time of
the proposed grant, vesting and/or settlement is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place, or where in
the view of the Board or the Trustee (as the case may be), compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of such
place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such Employees) after taking into account various factors as it deems
appropriate for participation in the Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee(s)”).

Administration of the Share Award Scheme

The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the rules of the Share
Award Scheme. The Board may by resolution delegate any or all of its powers in the administration of the Share Award
Scheme to the administrator or any other committee or sub-committee or any person(s) as from time to time authorized
by the Board for such purpose. In addition, the remuneration committee of the Company is responsible for the review
of relevant matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme (including but not limited to performance appraisal criteria
and procedures) and makes recommendation to the Board from time to time for its consideration and approval on the
operations of the Share Award Scheme including the selection of the Employees, the terms of the grant of awards and
the other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme and the Listing Rules. The decision of
the Board with respect to any matter arising under the Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision)
shall be final and binding.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   31
      Directors’ Report


      Scheme Limit — Maximum number of Shares available for award

      Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board shall not make any further award which will result in the aggregate
      number of the Shares awarded by the Board under the Share Award Scheme representing in excess of ten (10)% of the
      total number of the Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Limit”) (i.e.85,312,480 Shares based on the
      total number of issued Shares of 853,124,800 as at the Adoption Date).

      Maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Award Scheme

      The maximum number of awarded shares that may be awarded to any Selected Employee under the Share Award
      Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the total number of the Shares in issue of the Company as at the Adoption Date (i.e.
      8,531,248 Shares based on the total number of issued Shares of 853,124,800 as at the Adoption Date).

      Granting and Vesting

      According to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, there is no specific requirement on the length of the vesting period
      of an awarded share. The Board has its absolute discretion to determine and impose any conditions in relation to
      the number of scheme shares to be awarded to the Selected Employees, the vesting dates of awarded shares (the
      “Vesting Date(s)”), and the vesting terms and conditions (such as individual performance and common key performance
      indicators) in respect of awarded shares (if any). Unless otherwise stated in the written notice in relation to the grant of
      awards, Selected Employees who are granted such awards are not required to pay any monetary consideration upon
      acceptance of the share awards.

      Subject to the terms of the Share Award Scheme and the specific terms on which an award is granted, an award held by
      the Trustee on behalf of the relevant grantee shall vest on the Vesting Date as determined by the Board in accordance
      with the Listing Rules and notified to the relevant grantee.

      Lapse

      Any awarded shares shall, to the extent not yet vested, automatically lapse forthwith in certain events, including but not
      limited to:

      —     when the Selected Employee fails to remain as an Employee on the relevant Vesting Date;

      —     when the Selected Employee fails to fulfil the vesting conditions (if any);

      —     the death of the Selected Employee before the relevant Vesting Date;

      —     when the Selected Employee’s employment with the Company, or any subsidiary, is terminated before the relevant
            Vesting Date by reason of: dishonesty or serious misconduct, violation of any of the provisions of the Group’s
            employee behavior codes; or

      —     such other events that the Board considers relevant or appropriate.




32   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report


Duration of the Share Award Scheme

The Share Award Scheme shall continue in full force and effect from the Adoption Date and expiring on the day
immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Adoption Date (both days inclusive), unless sooner terminated
by a resolution of the Board or otherwise as required under any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.
Therefore, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately 8 years and 11 months as at the date of this
annual report.

If the Scheme Limit is reached or the Scheme is terminated, the Trustee shall not purchase any Shares pursuant to the
rules of the Share Award Scheme, but such rules shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects for existing
shares under the Share Award Scheme.

Purchase of Shares

The Board may also from time to time pay to the Trustee from the Company’s resources a sum of money (the “Utilised
Profit”) as part of the trust fund and instruct the Trustee in writing to purchase Shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange at the then prevailing price as instructed and/or approved by the Board. The factors which the Board should
take into account when deciding on the Utilised Profit includes the amount of Shares proposed to be purchased, the
amount of Scheme Shares which may be granted to the Selected Employees and the related purchase expenses.

Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board may not instruct the Trustee to acquires Shares in certain
circumstances as detailed in the rules of the Share Award Scheme and where dealings in the Shares are prohibited under
any code or requirement of the Listing Rules and all applicable laws from time to time. The Company shall also comply
with the Listing Rules in relation to the restrictions on the time of grant of awards.

The Trustee and/or the Board shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any scheme shares held under the Trust in
all circumstances.

In September and October 2024, the Trustee purchased 2,000,000 and 724,000 Shares, respectively, on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange for the purpose of the Share Awards Scheme, funded by the Company’s internal resources.
As at 31 December, 2024, the Trustee held a total of 2,724,000 Shares under the Share Award Scheme, representing
approximately 0.32% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of this annual report.

Movement of the Share Awards

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Company granted 13,620,000 awarded shares to employees (2023: nil)
under the Share Award Scheme. The total number of awarded shares for the Share Award Scheme limit represents
9.89% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of this annual report. Movement of the
awarded shares under the Share Award Scheme during the reporting period are listed below:

                                                         Number of Shares
                                                                                                            Closing
                                                                                                        price of the
                                 As at      Granted         Cancelled          Lapsed           As at Shares before
                            1 January,        during            during          during   31 December,      the date
                                 2024     the period        the period      the period           2024       of grant   Date of grant     Vesting period
                                                                                                               (HK$)


 Employee participants
 Five highest paid                 —        180,000(1)            —(2)            —(2)        180,000(2)       20.85   20 September,     20 September, 2025 to
 individual in aggregate                                                                                                      2024(1)      20 September, 2029(1)
 Continuous contract               —     13,440,000(1)            —(2)            —(2)     13,440,000(1)       20.85   20 September,     20 September, 2025 to
 employee in aggregate(3)                                                                                                     2024(1)      20 September, 2029(1)


 Total                             —      13,620,000               —               —        13,620,000

                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         33
      Directors’ Report


      Notes:

      (1)      The Share Award Scheme was adopted on 21 March 2024. On 20 September, 2024, a total of 13,620,000 awarded shares were granted to certain
               continuous employees of the Group, and the vesting period of the awards are as follows:

               (a)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the date of grant.

               (b)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the date of grant.

               (c)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the date of grant.

               (d)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the date of grant.

               (e)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.

               For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 20 September, 2024.

               For the vesting conditions, in each of the aforesaid exercise period, if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for the preceding calendar year
               before vesting date is level B or C, the Board is entitled to cancel some awarded shares in that vesting date of that Grantee; and if a Grantee’s
               performance appraisal result for the preceding calendar year before vesting date is level D, the Board is entitled to cancel all awarded shares in that
               vesting date of that Grantee.

      (2)      During the reporting period no awarded shares were vested, cancelled and/or lapsed.

      (3)      Save as disclosed, no awarded shares were granted to any director chief executive, substantial shareholders of the Company or their respective
               associates, participants in excess of the individual limit and/or other related entity participants and/or service providers under the Share Award
               Scheme since its adoption.


      The number of awarded shares available for grant under the Share Award Scheme under the scheme mandate limit as at
      31 December, 2024 was 71,692,480.

      Other details of award shares granted by the Company, including but not limited to the fair value of the award shares at
      the date of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted, are set out in note 21 to the consolidated financial
      statements.

      The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all share schemes of the
      Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue
      for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 was 13.87%.


      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

      Saved for the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme mentioned above, no equity-linked agreements were
      entered into by the Company during or at the end of the financial year ended 31 December, 2024.


      SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December, 2024 are set out in note 12 to the consolidated
      financial statements.


      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

      During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s largest
      customer and the five largest customers in aggregate were approximately 96.9% and 99.9% respectively (2023: 93.5%
      and 99.8% respectively).




34   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report


During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the percentage of the Group’s purchases attributable to the Group’s
largest supplier and the five largest suppliers in aggregate were approximately 50.5% and approximately 71.7% (2023:
approximately 46.7% and approximately 63.2% respectively) respectively.

During the year ended 31 December, 2024, none of the Directors or any of their associates or any shareholders which to
the best knowledge of the Directors, who own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in
any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.


RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group participated in various retirement benefit schemes in accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the
PRC, Hong Kong and Korea. Particulars of the retirement benefit schemes are set out in note 20 to the consolidated
financial statements.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on the remuneration of senior
management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each Director for the year ended 31 December, 2024 are set
out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

In addition to the remuneration of Directors mentioned above, the remuneration of members of the senior management
by band for the year ended 31 December, 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                           Number of            Number of
 Remuneration Bands:                                                                       individuals          individuals


 HK$1,000,001 (equivalent to $128,001) to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to $192,000)                     2                    2
 HK$1,500,001 (equivalent to $192,001) to HK$2,000,000 (equivalent to $255,000)                    —                     1
 HK$3,000,001 (equivalent to $386,001) to HK$3,500,000 (equivalent to $451,000)                     1                   —


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year ended 31 December, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)
Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chen Han-Yang
Mr. Yang Li

Independent non-executive Directors
Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
Ms. Liu Xia




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   35
      Directors’ Report


      In the forthcoming AGM, Mr. Meng Yan, Mr. Chen Han-Yang and Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung will retire as Directors in
      accordance with Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association. All of them are eligible, and will offer themselves for
      re-election.


      DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

      None of the Directors offering for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
      Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than
      statutory compensation.


      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
      Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December, 2024.


      TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

      No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party
      and in which a Director (or any entity connected with a director) had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
      subsisted at the end of 2024 or at any time during 2024.

      In addition, saved as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”
      below, there was no contracts of significance to which the Company or any its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
      controlling shareholder (or any of its subsidiaries) was another party, and there was no contract of significance for the
      provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by its controlling shareholder (or any of its subsidiaries)
      subsisted during the year ended 31 December, 2024.


      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      During the year, certain related party transactions as set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements also
      constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules, and
      are required to be disclosed in this report in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed in this
      report, none of the related party transactions constitutes a continuing connected transaction or connected transaction
      as defined under the Listing Rules. The disclosure of the following related party transactions has complied with the
      disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      The details of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions are set out below:




36   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report


Connected transaction — Purchase of equipment from Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited (“Luxshare
Precision”)

On 31 May, 2024, the Company entered into the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry
Co., Limited (立訊精密工業股份有限公司) (“Luxshare Precision”), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited
liability and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002475), pursuant to which the Group shall purchase,
and Luxshare Precision and its subsidiaries (the “Luxshare Precision Group”) shall supply, several machinery and
equipment manufactured and sold by Luxshare Precision Group to the Group according to the specification as requested
by the Group include but not limited to Auto Vision Inspection-Auto Cap Attach (AVI-ACA) automatic lines, sidefill/flex
reinforcement inlines, 4-axis dispensing machine automatic lines, module automatic line, blowers and depanelers for
the production use of the Group (the “Machinery”) at a consideration of not more than RMB130,000,000 (subject to
adjustment). For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 May, 2024.

Having considered (i) the pricing of the Machinery manufactured by the Luxshare Precision Group are generally more
favourable as compared with that of independent third party vendors; (ii) the exceptional technology capability of the
Luxshare Precision Group to develop and manufacture the Machinery with special specification as requested by the
Group from time to time to cope with its production needs; and (iii) the negotiation time and cost, as well as the delivery
time and costs, can be reduced in view of the existing friendly business cooperation among the parties and the close
geographical location of the respective operations of the Luxshare Precision Group and the Group, the Directors consider
that the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement can allow the Group to raise its production capacity efficiently to meet the
production demands in the best interest of the Group and the Shareholders.

As at the date of the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement, Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr. Wang Laisheng, who are the
controlling Shareholders, together were also indirectly interested in approximately 38.05% of the equity interests, and
Mr. Wang Laisheng was also directly interested in approximately 0.22% equity interests, of Luxshare Precision. Hence,
Luxshare Precision is an associate (as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr.
Wang Laisheng and a connected person of the Group. As such, the transaction contemplated under the 2024 Machinery
Purchase Agreement constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules, a series of connected transactions will be aggregated and treated as if
they were one transaction if they were all entered into or completed within a 12-month period or were otherwise related.
The Company had entered into the 2023 Machinery Purchase Agreement with Luxshare Precision on 19 April 2023. As
Luxshare Precision is the counterparty to each of the 2023 Machinery Purchase Agreement and the 2024 Machinery
Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated under the two agreements are of the same nature, the 2023
Machinery Purchase Agreement and the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement shall be aggregated as if they were one
transaction.

As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions
contemplated under the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement (after aggregation with the 2023 Machinery Purchase
Agreement) are more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions under the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement are
subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempt from the Independent Shareholders’ approval
requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the total actual transaction amount under the 2024 Machinery Purchase
Agreement was approximately US$17,688,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB126,046,000).




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   37
      Directors’ Report


      Continuing connected transaction — Supply framework agreement in respect of the supply of customized
      products and/or materials to Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“GLITL”)

      On 5 May, 2022, the Company and Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“GLITL”) entered into a
      supply framework agreement for a term from 6 May, 2022 to 31 December, 2024 in relation to the supply of customized
      products and/or materials by the Group to the GLITL according to the specifications as provided by the GLITL Group,
      including but not limited to optical glass, optical adhesive, optical coating and related materials or parts in relation to the
      production of the GLITL Group. The parties shall execute separate orders in accordance with the terms of the supply
      framework agreement setting out, among others, the specifications and quantity of the products required and delivery
      schedules, and must comply with the terms of the Listing Rules and applicable laws. The Board believes that supply and
      sale of the relevant products to the GLITL Group can help create synergy of the parties as it can raise the profile of the
      relevant products, enhance the products’ penetration into new markets, expand the source of revenue and improve the
      profitability for the Group, as well as to facilitate the production of the GLITL Group and enhance the competitiveness of
      their products. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 May, 2022.

      GLITL is a company incorporated in the PRC and a controlling shareholder of the Company through Luxvisions
      Innovation Technology Limited (“LITL”), its wholly-owned subsidiary. As at the date of this report, GLITL is owned as
      to approximately 48.06% by Luxvisions Innovation Limited (“LIL”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited
      liability which is owned as to approximately 56.342% by Mr. Wang Laixi and 43.659% by Luxsan Limited (“Luxsan”).
      Luxsan is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to by Ms. Wang Laichun (an elder
      sister of Mr. Wang Laixi), Mr. Wang Laisheng (an elder brother of Mr. Wang Laixi) and Ms. Wang Laijiao (an elder sister
      of Mr. Wang Laixi) as to 34%, 33% and 33% respectively. GLITL is a connected person of the Company and the
      transactions contemplated under the supply framework agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
      Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of
      the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Supply Framework Agreement are more than
      0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions under the Supply Framework Agreement are subject to the reporting and
      announcement requirements but are exempt from the independent Shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the total actual transaction amount under the supply framework agreement
      was approximately US$2,950,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB20,980,000) (2023: US$1,852,000, equivalent
      to approximately RMB13,056,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was
      RMB64,000,000 (2023: RMB43,780,000).

      Continuing connected transaction — Purchase framework agreement in respect of the purchase of
      customized products from Luxshare Precision

      On 29 December, 2022, the Company entered into the New Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision
      for the supply of the products by the Luxshare Precision group to the Group according to the specifications as requested
      by the Group, including but not limited to front and rear facing cameras of smartphones and cameras of tablets in relation
      to the production of the Group (the “Products”) from 1 January, 2023 to 31 December, 2023. For further details, please
      refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December, 2022.

      On 19 April, 2023, the Company entered into the Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision
      to revise the 2023 annual cap from US$20,000,000 to US$45,000,000 and to extend the term of the agreement to 31
      December, 2025. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 April, 2023 and the
      circular of the Company dated 8 June, 2023.

      On 17 July, 2024, the Company entered into the Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare
      Precision to revise the 2024 annual cap from US$61,776,000 to US$260,000,000 and the 2025 annual cap from
      US$80,352,000 to US$360,000,000. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 17
      July, 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August, 2024.


38   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report


Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr. Wang Laisheng, who are the controlling Shareholders and indirectly interested in
approximately 70.43% of the issued share capital of the Company, together are also indirectly interested in approximately
37.71% of the equity interests, and Mr. Wang Laisheng is also directly interested in approximately 0.21% equity interests,
of Luxshare Precision as at the date of this report. Hence, Luxshare Precision is an associate (as defined under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr. Wang Laisheng and a connected person of the Group. As such,
the transactions contemplated under the New Purchase Framework Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the
Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement) constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing
Rules in respect of the highest proposed annual cap under the Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement
is more than 5%, the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions
of the Company and were subject to the reporting, announcement, annual review and Independent Shareholders’
approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Second Supplemental Purchase Framework
Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on 29 August 2024.

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the total actual transaction amount under the purchase framework agreement
was approximately US$217,442,000 (2023: US$6,632,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31
December, 2024 was US$260,000,000 (2023: US$45,000,000).

Continuing connected transaction — Materials procurement framework agreement in respect of the
purchase of customized products from GLITL

On 29 December, 2022, the Company entered into the new materials procurement framework agreement with GLITL
for the supply of materials by the GLITL Group to the Group according to the specifications as requested by the Group,
including but not limited to circuit board assembly (including LIDAR printed circuit board assembly) and related raw
materials, stores, consumables and other materials in relation to the production of the Group from 1 January, 2023 to 31
December, 2023. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December, 2022.

On 19 April, 2023, the Company entered into the Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with
GLITL to revise the 2023 annual cap from RMB70,000,000 to RMB73,000,000 and to extend the term of the agreement
to 31 December, 2025. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 April, 2023 and
the circular of the Company dated 8 June, 2023.

On 10 November, 2023, the Company entered into the Second Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework
Agreement with GLITL to further revise the 2023 annual cap from RMB73,000,000 to RMB123,000,000. For further
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 November, 2023 and the circular of the Company
dated 5 December, 2023.

On 17 July, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with
GLITL to further revise the 2024 annual cap from RMB133,000,000 to RMB195,000,000. For further details, please refer
to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July, 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August, 2024.

As GLITL is a controlling shareholder of the Company, it is a connected person of the Company and the transactions
contemplated under the New Materials Procurement Framework Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the
Third Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement) constitute continuing connected transactions
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule
14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the highest proposed annual cap under the Third Supplemental Materials
Procurement Framework Agreement is more than 5%, the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute non-exempt
continuing connected transactions of the Company and were subject to the reporting, announcement, annual review
and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Third
Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the

                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   39
      Directors’ Report


      Company on 29 August 2024.

      For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the total actual transaction amount under the materials procurement framework
      agreement was approximately US$19,678,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB139,869,000) (2023: US$9,817,000
      equivalent to approximately RMB69,756,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was
      RMB195,000,000 (2023: RMB123,000,000).

      Continuing connected transactions — Labour framework agreements in respect of the provision and receipt
      of labour services to and from Luxshare Precision and GLITL

      On 31 May, 2024, the Company and Luxshare Precision entered into (i) the LP Provision of Labour Services Framework
      Agreement for the provision of labour services by the Group to the Luxshare Precision Group; and (ii) the LP Receipt
      of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the receipt of labour services by the Group from the Luxshare Precision
      Group, in connection with the support of the business operation, research and development and production aspects of
      the Group and the Luxshare Precision Group. On the same date, the Company and GLITL entered into (i) GZL Provision
      of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the provision of labour services by the Group to the GZ Luxvisions Group;
      and (ii) the GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the receipt of labour services by the Group from
      the GZ Luxvisions Group in connection with the support of the business operation, research and development and
      production aspects of the Group and the GLITL Group. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the
      Company dated 31 May, 2024.

      As Luxshare Precision is an associate (as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Wang Laichun and
      Mr. Wang Laisheng, and GLITL is a controlling shareholder of the Company, each of Luxshare Precision and GLITL
      is a connected person of the Company and the transactions contemplated under each of the aforementioned Labour
      Services Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of
      the Listing Rules.

      While all of the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of each of the LP
      Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreements and the GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreements
      are less than 0.1% and hence the transactions contemplated thereunder are de minimis transactions of the Company
      under the Listing Rules, more than one applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules
      in respect of each of the LP Provision of Labour Services Framework Agreements and the GZL Provision of Labour
      Services Framework Agreements (and after aggregation with other Labour Services Framework Agreements) are more
      than 0.1% but less than 5%. Accordingly, on an aggregated basis, each of the Labour Services Framework Agreements
      is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but is exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
      requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      For the year ended 31 December, 2024, (i) the total actual transaction amount under the LP Provision of Labour Services
      Framework Agreement was approximately US$1,113,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,913,000) and the annual cap
      amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was RMB15,000,000; (ii) the total actual transaction amount under the LP
      Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$548,000 and the annual cap amount for the
      year ended 31 December, 2024 was USD550,000; (iii) the total actual transaction amount under GZL Provision of Labour
      Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$1,952,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB13,885,000) and
      the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was RMB17,000,000; and (iv) the total actual transaction
      amount under GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$130,000 (equivalent to
      approximately RMB925,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was RMB1,000,000.




40   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                Directors’ Report


Continuing connected transaction — Supply framework agreement in respect of the supply of customized
products to Suteng

On 19 April, 2023, Dongguan Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited (“Luxsense”), a subsidiary owned as to 51% by
the Company, entered into the ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng Innovation Technology Company Limited
(“Suteng”) for a term from 20 April, 2023 to 31 December, 2025 for supply the LS Products to Suteng. For further
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 April, 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 8
June, 2023.

On 10 November, 2023, Luxsense entered into the Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng to revise
the 2023 annual cap from RMB211,000,000 to RMB400,000,000. For further details, please refer to the announcement
of the Company dated 10 November, 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 5 December, 2023.

On 17 July, 2024, Luxsense entered into the Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng
to revise the 2024 annual cap from RMB414,000,000 to RMB580,000,000. For further details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated 17 July, 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August, 2024.

Suteng is interested in 49% of the equity interest of Luxsense since February 2023 and is therefore a connected person
at the subsidiary level of the Group. It is wholly-owned by RoboSense HongKong Limited. As such, the transactions
contemplated under the Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated
under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the proposed 2024 or the highest annual cap under the Second
Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement is more than 5%, the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute
non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company and are subject to the reporting, announcement,
annual review and independent shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
The Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the
Company on 29 August 2024.

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the total actual transaction amount under the ST Supply Framework
Agreement was approximately US$71,329,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB506,796,000) (2023: US$52,566,000
equivalent to approximately RMB373,797,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 was
RMB580,000,000 (2023: RMB400,000,000).

Annual review of the continuing connected transactions

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and confirmed
that the transactions have been entered into:

a.   In the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

b.   According to normal commercial terms or terms better to the Group than terms available to or from, as appropriate,
     independent third parties;

c.   According to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
     Company’s shareholders as a whole; and

d.   The total annual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December, 2024 has not exceeded the respective
     annual cap.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   41
      Directors’ Report


      The Directors confirmed that the auditors of the Company have confirmed the matters set out in Listing Rule 14A.56.

      The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
      Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagement Other than Audits or Reviews
      of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
      Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the
      continuing connected transactions disclosed above in accordance with Listing Rule 14A.56.


      RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      Details of the material related party transactions undertaken by the Group in its normal course of business are set out in
      note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.


      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

      As at 31 December, 2024, none of the Directors is interested in any business, apart from the Group’s businesses, which
      competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.


      DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
      IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
      ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

      As at 31 December, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
      Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
      XV of the SFO which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
      Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed to have
      under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
      SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
      were as follows:


                                                                                                                      Number of           Approximate
                                                                                                                       Shares or         percentage of
                                                                                                                      underlying          shareholding
       Name of Director         Title                                        Nature of interest                           Shares                interest


       Meng Yan                 Executive Director, Chairman                 Beneficial interest (Note)                 2,197,000                    0.25
       Wu Ying-Cheng            Executive Director, Chief executive          Beneficial interest (Note)                 1,763,000                    0.20
                                   officer and Chief financial officer
       Chen Han-Yang            Non-executive Director                       Beneficial interest (Note)                 1,480,000                    0.17
       Yang Li                  Non-executive Director                       Beneficial interest (Note)                 1,120,000                    0.13


      Note: These interests represented the interests in underlying shares in respect of the share options granted by the Company to the Directors under the
            Share Option Scheme.




42   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December, 2024, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which (a) were required to be notified
to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER
PERSONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December, 2024, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had
interests or short positions in the Shares or relevant Shares which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Interest of substantial shareholders


                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                             Number of Shares or          shareholding
 Name of shareholder                           Nature of interest              underlying Shares              interest(2)


 Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited(1)   Beneficial interest                    607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                                                      551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 Mr. Wang Laichun(1)                           Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 Mr. Wang Laisheng(1)                          Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 Ms. Wang Laijiao(1)                           Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 Mr. Wang Laixi(1)                             Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                                                      551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 Luxsan(1)                                     Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 LIL(1)                                        Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)


 GLITL(1)                                      Interest in a controlled               607,455,760            70.45% (L)
                                                  corporation                         551,229,760           63.93% (S)(3)




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   43
      Directors’ Report


      (1)   Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“LITL”), is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
            Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“GLITL”), which is a company incorporated in the PRC. GLITL is owned as to approximately
            48.06% by Luxvisions Innovation Limited (“LIL”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, which is owned as to approximately
            56.342% by Mr. Wang Laixi and 43.659% by Luxsan Limited (“Luxsan”). Luxsan is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and
            owned as to by Ms. Wang Laichun (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi), Mr. Wang Laisheng (an elder brother of Mr. Wang Laixi) and Ms. Wang Laijiao
            (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi) as to 34%, 33% and 33% respectively. Each of Ms. Wang Laichun, Mr. Wang Laisheng, Ms. Wang Laijiao, Mr.
            Wang Laixi, Luxsan, LIL and GLITL is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares held by LITL for the purposes of the SFO.

      (2)   At as 31 December, 2024, the total number of issued shares of the Company was 862,287,800 ordinary shares. (L) denotes long position, and (S)
            denotes short position.

      (3)   LITL has pledged an aggregate of 551,229,760 Shares in favour of a licensed bank in Hong Kong as security for its banking facilities granted by said
            bank, representing approximately 63.93% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December, 2024.


      Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December, 2024, the Directors were not aware of any person (other than Directors
      or chief executive and substantial shareholders of the Company the interests of which were disclosed above) who had an
      interest or short position in the securities of the Company that were required to be entered in the register of the Company
      pursuant to section 336 of the SFO as at 31 December, 2024.


      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

      Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, during the
      financial year ended 31 December, 2024 and up to the date of this report, there has been sufficient public float of more
      than 25% of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.


      EVENTS AFTER THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER, 2024

      Save as disclosed above, there were no significant events affecting the Company nor any of its subsidiaries after the
      financial year ended 31 December, 2024 requiring disclosure in this report.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report”
      section on pages 47 to 79 of this annual report.


      AUDIT COMMITTEE

      The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and KPMG, the Company’s auditor, the accounting
      principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
      December, 2024.


      AUDITOR

      KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the reappointment of KPMG as the
      Company’s auditors is to be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. The Company confirmed that there is no disagreement
      with the audit committee on such reappointment. The Company did not change its auditor in the preceding three years.




44   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report



ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES

The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. We strive to minimize our
environmental impact by saving electricity and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

For more details of the policies of environmental responsibility and sustainability, please refer to the standalone “2024
Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published by the Company.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the year ended 31 December, 2024, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach of or
non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group.


FINANCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Group’s total revenue increased by approximately 170.0% to US$2,494.3
million (2023: US$923.8 million). Profit for this year increased by approximately 159.5% to approximately US$120.4
million (2023: US$46.4 million). Net profit margin was 4.8% (2023: 5.0%) for the year ended 31 December, 2024.
Earnings per share were US$0.14 (2023: US$0.06).

Overall revenue increase was mainly due to increased orders including orders for new rear-end camera modules from
customers.

The Group financial position still remained solid. The Group was able to generate positive operating cashflows for the
year ended 31 December, 2024 which amounted to US$64.1 million (2023: US$113.4 million).

Average inventory turnover days of the Group were 37.2 days for 2024, which is lower than the 62.4 days for 2023.
Average turnover days of trade receivables decreased to 40.8 days for the year ended 31 December, 2024 as compared
to 66.1 days for the year ended 31 December, 2023. Average trade payable turnover days were 56.8 days for the year
ended 31 December, 2024 as compared with 92.9 days for the year ended 31 December, 2023.


KEY RELATIONSHIPS

(i)   Employees

      Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development
      of its employees as highly important. The Group wants to continue to be an attractive employer for committed
      employees.

      The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and
      improvement of their skills. The Group provides on-the-job training and development opportunities to our staff
      members.

      In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to our employees. The Group has also adopted
      the Share Option Scheme and Share Award Scheme to recognize and reward the contribution of the employees to
      the growth and development of the Group.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   45
      Directors’ Report


      (ii)    Suppliers

              We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of our suppliers and take a great care to ensure
              that they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We carefully select our suppliers and require them to satisfy
              certain assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

      (iii)   Customers

              We are committed to offer quality services to our customers. We also stay connected with our customers and keep
              them updated of our latest business developments.

              Details of principal risks are set out in corporate governance report and details of future development is set out in
              management discussion and analysis.


      CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

      The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his/
      her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent
      non-executive Directors are independent.


      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

      The Articles of Associations provide that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified
      out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director or other officer
      of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is
      acquitted.

      The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and
      senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.



      On behalf of the Board
      Cowell e Holdings Inc.




      Meng Yan
      Chairman

      Hong Kong, 20 March, 2025




46   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                           Corporate Governance Report

The Company believes that maintaining high standards of corporate governance is the foundation for effective
management and successful business growth. The Company is committed to developing and maintaining robust
corporate governance practices to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value,
accountability and transparency of the Company.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate
Governance Report (the “CG Code”) set out in Appendix C1 (formerly known as Appendix 14) to the Listing Rules as the
basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices. The CG Code has been applicable to the Company with effect
from the Listing Date. On 1 January, 2022, the amendments to the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 (formerly known
as Appendix 14) of the Listing Rules came into effect and the requirements under the CG Code will apply to corporate
governance reports for financial year commencing on or after 1 January, 2024. Throughout the financial year ended 31
December, 2024 and up to the publication date of this annual report, the Company has complied with all applicable code
provisions of the CG Code.


SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in the securities of the
Company.

The Company, after making specific inquiries to all Directors, confirmed that all of them have complied with the required
standards in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December, 2024.


THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board Responsibilities

The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance structure, and is responsible for the overall strategic
leadership and planning of the Company. All important matters of the Company are reserved for the Board’s decision
and the Board retains the authority of deciding such matters, including formulating and monitoring the Company’s long
term strategies and policy matters, reviewing financial performance, approving annual budgets, monitoring and reviewing
internal control and risk management systems, assuming responsibility for the corporate governance of the Company,
and upholding the core values of the Company.

Delegation by the Board

The Board relies on management for the day-to-day operation of the Company’s business, and has delegated the
authority and responsibility for the daily management, administration and operation of the Group as well as the
implementation of the Board’s policies and strategies to the senior management of the Group. The Board and senior
management fully appreciate their respective responsibilities, and they complement each other in formulating and
maintaining higher standards of corporate governance practices of the Company.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   47
      Corporate Governance Report


      Board Composition

      The Board is structured with a view to ensuring that it is of high caliber and has a balance of skills and experience
      appropriate for the needs of the Company’s business. The Board comprises seven members, consisting of two executive
      Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors as set out below.

      Executive Directors
      Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)
      Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng

      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. Chen Han-Yang
      Mr. Yang Li

      Independent non-executive Directors
      Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
      Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
      Ms. Liu Xia

      Further description of the biographical details and backgrounds of the Board members are set out under the section
      headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. A list of the Directors is available on the designated
      website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the website of the Company.

      There is no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships among the Directors.

      Executive Directors

      Each of the executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term for three
      years commencing from 15 January, 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15 January, 2024.

      Under the Articles of Association, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to
      retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual
      general meeting at which he retires.

      Non-Executive Directors

      Each of the non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term for three
      years commencing from 1 March, 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 1 March, 2024. Under
      the Articles of Association, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement
      by rotation at least once every three years. Retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual general meeting
      at which he retires.




48   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report


Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung have entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial
term of three years commencing from 15 January, 2021 and renewed their appointment for next three years from 15
January 2024 and Ms. Liu Xia has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years
commencing from 26 July, 2021 and renewed her appointment for next three years from 24 July, 2024. The Company
has three Independent non-executive Directors and the Audit Committee comprises of three members (who are all
independent non-executive Directors) and therefore the Company is in compliance with the requirements under Rules
3.10(1) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

Independent non-executive Directors play an important role in the Board by bringing independent judgment and advice
and through scrutiny of the Company’s performance. During the year ended 31 December, 2024, save as disclosed
above, the Company was in compliance with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Company had also complied with Rule 3.10A
of the Listing Rules which requires that independent non-executive Directors appointed must represent at least one-third
of the Board.

As at 31 December, 2024, none of the independent non-executive Directors has served the Company for more than nine
years, or has held seven or more listed company directorship.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors had confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules, and the Company considered each of them to be independent with reference to the criteria set out in Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

The Board will continue to review and consider whether there are any circumstances that are likely to affect the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the role of chairman and the chief executive should be segregated
and should not be performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Company had a
separate chairman and chief executive.

The Directors consider that the Company had fully complied with the applicable code provisions as set out in the Code of
Corporate Governance Practices as contained in Appendix C1 during the year ended 31 December, 2024.


APPOINTMENT, RETIREMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

The Articles of Association provide that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only
until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Any
Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following general
meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

At each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the current Directors should retire from office by rotation,
provided that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   49
      Corporate Governance Report


      Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect an individual as an independent non-executive Director at the general
      meeting, it should set out in the circular to the Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice
      of the relevant general meeting (i) if an independent non-executive Director to be re-elected has served more than nine
      years, why the Board believes the individual would still be independent and should be re-elected, or (ii) if the proposed
      independent non-executive Director will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company directorship, why the Board
      believes the individual would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board’s structure, size and composition and making
      recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and succession planning of
      Directors.


      INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

      The Directors have been provided with relevant training to ensure that they fully understand their responsibilities, duties
      and obligations as directors of a listed company.

      Pursuant to the Code Provision C.1.4, the Company has received from the below directors, being all Directors during the
      year ended 31 December, 2024, a record of the training they received for the year.

                                                                                                              Attend seminars/
                                                                                                                   conference/
       Directors                                                                      Reading materials             workshops


       Executive Directors
       Meng Yan                                                                                        √                      √
       Wu Ying-Cheng                                                                                   √                      √


       Non-Executive Directors
       Chen Han-Yang                                                                                   √                      √
       Yang Li                                                                                         √                      √


       Independent Non-Executive Directors
       Su Yen-Hsueh                                                                                    √                      √
       Tsai Chen-Lung                                                                                  √                      √
       Liu Xia                                                                                         √                      √


      The Directors will continue to be updated by the Company on any changes or developments affecting their obligations as
      directors of a listed company.


      BOARD MEETINGS

      Notice of regular Board meetings is given to each Director at least 14 days before the meeting. The agenda and the
      relevant board papers were circulated to each Director at least three days before regular Board meetings to enable them
      to make informed decisions at the meeting.




50   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report



ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF BOARD AND GENERAL MEETINGS

Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code requires that at least four regular Board meetings should be held each year at
approximately quarterly intervals, with active participation of a majority of directors, either in person or through other
electronic means of communication.

The Board intends to hold Board meetings regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Other
Board meetings will be held if necessary.

Details of Directors’ attendance records during the financial year ended 31 December, 2024 are set out below:

                                                            Meetings Attended/Held
                                                        Audit    Remuneration      Nomination
 Directors                               Board      Committee       Committee      Committee     2024 AGM       2024 EGM


 Executive Directors
 Meng Yan                                   5/7           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1
 Wu Ying-Cheng                              7/7           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1


 Non-Executive Directors
 Chen Han-Yang                              7/7           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1
 Yang Li                                    7/7           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Su Yen-Hsueh                               7/7           2/2             2/2             1/1          1/1            1/1
 Tsai Chen-Lung                             7/7           2/2             2/2             1/1          1/1            1/1
 Liu Xia                                    7/7           2/2             2/2             1/1          1/1            1/1


The date of each meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend the meeting. Draft notice and agenda
were sent to all Directors at least 3 days prior to the meeting. Management also supplies the Board and its committees
with sufficient information and explanations so as to enable them to make an informed assessment of financial and other
information out before the Board and its committee for approval. Management is also invited to join Board Meetings
where appropriate.

If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter before the Board, the matter will be dealt with in accordance with
applicable rules and regulations and, if appropriate, an independent board committee will be set up to deal with the
matter. The interest Director shall abstain from voting when appropriate.

The chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of
other directors pursuant to code provision C.2.7 of the CG code during the year ended 31 December, 2024.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   51
      Corporate Governance Report



      INDEPENDENT VIEWS

      To ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board, the Company has maintained various measures
      and mechanisms. In compliance with Code provisions C.5.6 and C.5.9 under part 2 of Appendix C1 (formerly Appendix
      14) of the Listing Rules, the Board and its committees are provided with adequate and update information and have
      separate and independent access to the senior management of the Company for purpose of making informed decisions.
      In particular, all members of the Board are entitled to have timely access to the information of the Group (including but
      not limited to management accounts, financial information, operational results and statistics, and other relevant industry
      and market information, statistics and forecasts), as well as assistance of the Company Secretary and professionals such
      as independent financial advisers and legal counsels if necessary at the expense of the Company. Furthermore, the audit
      committee of the Company is also entitled to contact, and has discussed with, external auditors of the Company on an
      annual basis to discharge its duties. Our Board members are also encouraged to seek inputs from other stakeholders
      such as suppliers, employees and as well as investors (via the investor relations channels) in appropriate circumstances
      to ensure that different views and expectations are taken into account in the decision-making process to the extent
      appropriate.

      The implementation and effectiveness of the relevant measures and mechanisms are reviewed by the Board on an
      annual basis. The Board is satisfied that there are effective and sufficient formal or informal channels in place to ensure
      that independent views and input are reached at the Board level.


      BOARD COMMITTEES

      The Board has established three Board committees to oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, namely the
      Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board
      committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference. The independent non-executive Directors,
      as members of the various Board committees, bring their range of experiences and expertise and provide objective
      perspectives to them. The Board has provided the Board committees with sufficient resources to discharge their duties,
      and the Board committees may seek independent professional advice as and when required at the Company’s expense.
      The Board also assumes the responsibilities for corporate governance duties as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the
      CG Code, including among others, reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, and
      reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

      Audit Committee

      The Audit Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is currently
      chaired by Ms. Liu Xia, and its other members are Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung.

      The primary functions of the Audit Committee include the following:

      •     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors, and
            to approve remuneration and terms of such engagement;

      •     reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit
            process in accordance with applicable standards;

      •     discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit
            commences;



52   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report


•    developing and implementing policy on engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services;

•    monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and annual report and accounts, half-yearly reports
     and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial reporting opinions contained in
     them;

•    reviewing the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems and discussing the
     internal control system with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to have an effective
     internal control system;

•    reviewing continuing connected transactions, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

•    considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated by the
     Board or on the Audit Committee’s own initiative, as well as management’s response to these findings;

•    establishing a whistleblowing policy and system for employees and those who deal with Company to raise
     concerns, in confidence and anonymity;

•    establishing and reviewing the anti-corruption policy and system of the Group, and ensuring that the anti-corruption
     policy and system remain adequate of any applicable legislation including in China and Hong Kong; and

•    reviewing the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices.

During the year ended 31 December, 2024, Audit Committee reviewed the annual report and annual results
announcement for the financial year ended 31 December, 2023 and the interim report and interim results announcement
for the six months ended 30 June, 2024 with recommendation to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee reviewed
and approved of the KPMG’s confirmation of independence, its report to the Audit Committee and the management
representation letter for the year with a recommendation to the Board for the re-appointment of KPMG at the 2024
annual general meeting of the Company. The Audit Committee reviewed and assessed of effectiveness of the risk
management, internal control systems, connected transactions reports and internal audit reports. The Audit Committee
also reviewed its terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with the Listing Rules.

The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as adopted by the Board on 4 February, 2015 and further revised
on 29 December, 2022) are available on the website of the Company and the designated website of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee holds at least two meetings each year from 2015 onwards. The Audit Committee
held two meetings during the financial year ended 31 December, 2024.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is
currently chaired by Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh, and its other members are Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung and Ms. Liu Xia.

The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

•    reviewing and making decisions in respect of the remuneration packages and overall benefits for the Directors and
     senior management of the Company based on the Board’s delegation given on 15 April, 2015;




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   53
      Corporate Governance Report


      •     making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all directors’ and senior
            management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing
            remuneration policy;

      •     reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
            and objectives;

      •     making decisions on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors based on the Board’s delegation
            given on 15 April, 2015 by adopting the model described under Code Provision E.1.2(c)(i) of the CG Code;

      •     to review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, including any
            grants of options or awards to directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on
            the appropriateness to such material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report;

      •     making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors;

      •     assessing the performance of executive directors and approving the terms of executive directors’ service contracts;
            and

      •     ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

      In particular, when considering the potential grant of share options to the eligible employees of the Group, the
      Remuneration Committee will take into account, among others, the strategic goals of the Company, if the employees
      had achieved the targets for the preceding year, the terms of the share option scheme of the Company and other
      recommendations from senior management of the Company, to ensure that any potential grant is align with market
      practice, and the grantees’ interests with those of the Group and the Shareholders. As a result, directors and eligible
      employees of the Group may be granted a certain number of share options under the share option scheme adopted
      by the Company from time to time. Such awards may be granted upon the recommendation of the Remuneration
      Committee and approval by the Board in accordance with the terms of the share option scheme of the Company and the
      Listing Rules.

      As a result of the adoption of the Share Award Scheme of the Company on 21 March 2024, going forward, the
      Remuneration Committee will also take into account the aforementioned factors and the rules of the Share Award
      Scheme when reviewing relevant matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme (including but not limited to performance
      appraisal criteria and procedures) and makes recommendation to the Board from time to time for its consideration and
      approval on the operations of the Share Award Scheme, including the selection of the Employees, the terms of the grant
      of awards and the other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme and the Listing Rules.

      The work performed by the Remuneration Committee (as adopted by the Board on 4 February, 2015 and revised on
      29 December, 2022) during the year ended 31 December, 2024 included the review and approval of the emoluments
      and performance bonus of the Directors, as well as the grant of the awarded shares to employees. The Remuneration
      Committee was of the opinion that the remuneration packages were fair and commensurate with the market. The
      Remuneration Committee also reviewed its terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with the
      Listing Rules. The Company confirms that there is no disagreement between the Board and the remuneration committee
      on any remuneration or compensation arrangements.




54   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report


The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the website of the Company and the
designated website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Remuneration Committee holds at least one meeting each
year from 2015 onwards. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the financial year ended 31 December,
2024.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is
currently chaired by Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung, and its other members are Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Ms. Liu Xia.

The primary functions of the Nomination Committee include the following:

•    reviewing the structure, size and composition (including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board and making
     recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

•    identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and selecting or making
     recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships. In identifying suitable
     individuals, the Nomination Committee shall consider individual on merit and against the objective criteria, with due
     regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board;

•    assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

•    reviewing the board diversity policy, as appropriate, and review the measurable objectives that the Board has
     set for implementing the board diversity policy, and the progress on achieving the objectives, and reviewing the
     implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy on an annual basis;

•    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession plan for
     Directors;

•    developing, reviewing and disclosing the policy for nomination of directors (the “Nomination Policy”), as
     appropriate, in the Company’s corporate governance report annually;

•    establishing and making recommendation to the Board on, where appropriate, mechanism(s) to ensure
     independent views and input are available to the Board and disclose such mechanism(s) in the corporate
     governance report of the Company, and review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an
     annual basis.

The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (as adopted by Board on 4 February, 2015 and further
revised on 29 December, 2022) are available on the website of the Company and the designated website of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee held at least one meeting each year from 2015 onwards. The
Nomination Committee held one meeting during the financial year ended 31 December, 2024.

During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition
of the Board with reference to the skill, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board. They reviewed and assessed
the independence of all independent non-executive Directors and recommended to the Board for approval for the list of
retiring directors for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company. The Nomination Committee also reviewed
its terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with Listing Rules.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   55
      Corporate Governance Report


      Board Diversity Policy

      The Nomination Committee has a board diversity policy under which, with the assistance of the Nomination Committee,
      the Company will implement its Board members selection process by referring to various factors, including but not limited
      to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional expertise, independence, skills, knowledge
      and length of service. Decision shall ultimately be made based on the merits of and contribution to be made by the
      candidate.

      The Board currently has two female Directors out of seven Directors. The current gender diversity of the Board, which
      28.6% of the Directors being female Directors, stands at a relatively high level among companies of the same industry
      listed on the Stock Exchange. Gender diversity of the Board was achieved throughout the year ended 31 December,
      2024 as the Board adhered to our board diversity policy. The Company will use its best endeavors to maintain gender
      diversity at least at a level of 22% female representation in the Board, subject to any changes to the business model and
      needs of the Group.

      Having considered the business needs of the Company, the Board and the Nomination Committee considers that the
      current Board is sufficiently diversified in terms of its skills, experience, knowledge, expertise, culture, independence, age
      and gender.

      Nomination Policy

      The Nomination Committee has adopted a Nomination Policy that sets out the nomination procedures, process and
      criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship.

      Selection Criteria

      In assessing the suitability of a candidate for directorship, the following criteria (the “Criteria”) should be considered:

      (a)   character and integrity;

      (b)   qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, accomplishment and experience that are
            relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

      (c)   diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
            experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

      (d)   commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; and

      (e)   potential contributions that the individual can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
            independence and gender diversity.

      The Nomination Committee will evaluate and recommend candidate(s) for the position of the independent non-executive
      Directors by taking into account (a) the factors set out in Rules 3.10(2) and 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any
      amendments as may be made from time to time and/or any other rules imposed by the Stock Exchange from time to
      time; and (b) the Criteria.




56   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report


Nomination Procedures

The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for appointment as additional Director or to fill Board’s casual
vacancy in accordance with the following procedures:

(a)   the Nomination Committee may consult any source it deems appropriate in identifying or selecting suitable
      candidates, such as referrals from existing Directors, recommendations from personnel agents or as proposed by
      shareholders of the Company with due consideration given to the Criteria;

(b)   the Nomination Committee may adopt any process it deems appropriate in evaluating the suitability of the
      candidates, such as interviews, background checks and third-party reference checks;

(c)   the Nomination Committee will hold a meeting and/or by way of written resolutions to, if thought fit, approve the
      recommendation to the Board for appointment;

(d)   the Nomination Committee will provide the relevant information of the selected candidate to the Remuneration
      Committee for consideration of a remuneration package of such candidate;

(e)   the Remuneration Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on the proposed remuneration package;
      and

(f)   all appointment of Directors will be confirmed by the signing of the consent to act as Director (or any other similar
      filings requiring the relevant Director to acknowledge or accept the appointment, as the case may be) and filing of
      the same with the Companies Registry of Hong Kong and any other relevant government authorities.

The Nomination Committee will evaluate and recommend retiring Director(s) to the Board for re-appointment in
accordance with the following procedures:

(a)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service of the retiring
      Director(s) to the Company and the level of participation and performance on the Board, including but not limited to
      the attendance of the meetings of the Board and/or its committees and general meetings;

(b)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director(s)
      continue(s) to satisfy the Criteria; and

(c)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect of the
      proposed re-election of director at the general meeting.

Monitoring and Review of the Nomination Policy

The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Nomination Policy and from time to time review the
Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness in complementing the Company’s corporate strategy and
business needs. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   57
      Corporate Governance Report



      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

      The corporate governance functions have been reserved to the Board. The primary governance functions include:

      •     developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
            recommendations to the Board;

      •     reviewing and monitoring training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

      •     reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and other legal and regulatory
            requirements;

      •     developing, reviewing and monitoring any code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to Directors and
            employees of the Company; and

      •     reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

      During the year ended 31 December, 2024, the Company reviewed and monitored training and continuous professional
      development of Directors and senior management, compliance with the CG Code and other legal and regulatory
      requirements and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

      The Company also reviewed the Company’s policies and code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
      Directors and employees.


      DIVIDEND POLICY

      In accordance with the Dividend Policy, the Company intends to share its profit with Shareholders in the form of
      semi-annual dividends in an aggregate amount per year of no less than 20% of the Company’s annual consolidated net
      income attributable to its Shareholders, subject to the criteria as set out below. The Dividend Policy allows the Company
      to declare special dividends from time to time in addition to the semi-annual dividends.

      The Company’s liability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other things, the Group’s current and future
      operations, liquidity position and capital requirements, as well as dividends received from the Company’s subsidiaries
      and associate companies. The payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Cayman
      Islands laws and the Articles of Association.


      ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

      Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements

      The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December,
      2024, presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s performance, position and
      prospects, and for ensuring that the financial report is prepared in accordance with applicable statutory requirements
      and accounting standards. To the best knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the Directors are not aware of
      any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
      continue as a going concern.




58   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report


The management of the Company has provided the Board with such explanation and information necessary to enable
the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for
approval.

Risk Management and Internal Control System

The Board acknowledges that it is its responsibility to maintain an adequate risk management and internal control system
to safeguard Shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets, and to review the effectiveness of such system on
an annual basis, including considering the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs
for staff and budget of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function. The Company’s risk management and
internal control system are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
and can only provide reasonable and note absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Audit Committee and the Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control system of the Group once for the financial year ended 31 December, 2024 covering all material controls, including
financial, operational and compliance control, and consider the risk management and internal control systems to be
effective and adequate. The Board has received a confirmation from management of the Company on the effectiveness
of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

Auditor’s Remuneration

For the year ended 31 December, 2024, details of the fees paid or payable to the Company’s external auditor, KPMG, in
respect of audit and non-assurance services are set out in the table below:

 Type of Services                                                                                              US$’000


 Audit                                                                                                              245


 Interim review                                                                                                      41
 Tax compliance and advisory services                                                                                55
 Assurance service on continuing connected transactions                                                              12
 Agreed upon procedures on annual results announcement                                                                1


 Total                                                                                                              354


COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Lam Wing Yan is the Company’s company secretary, and she is responsible for advising the Board on corporate
governance matters and ensuring that Board policy and procedures and applicable laws, rules and regulations are
complied with.

Ms. Lam Wing Yan confirmed that she undertook not less than 15 hours of appropriate continuous professional training
during the financial year ended 31 December, 2024, as required under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   59
      Corporate Governance Report



      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

      Convening of extraordinary general meeting and putting forward proposals

      Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, extraordinary general meeting shall be convened on the written
      requisition of any one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition,
      shares representing not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, of the Company which
      carry the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal
      office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered
      office of the Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda,
      and signed by the requisitionist(s). If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition
      proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them
      representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same
      manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting
      so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all
      reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to them by
      the Company.

      Communication with Shareholders and investor relations

      The Board recognizes that it is accountable to its stakeholders, and values the importance of communications with
      Shareholders. The Company is dedicated to maintaining an open dialogue with its Shareholders, and it will continually
      improve its communications with Shareholders to obtain their feedback.

      The Company has established a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure effective communication with its
      Shareholders. The Company’s corporate website also serves as a channel for Shareholders to access information about
      the Group. The Group’s key corporate governance policies and documents, including the terms of reference of the
      various Board committees, as well as all communications for Shareholders including the Group’s financial reports and
      announcements, are available on the website.

      The Board has conducted a review of the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy
      of the Company, and having considered there are various formal and informal means for shareholders to have timely and
      equal access of the information of the Group and for the Group to interacts and understands the views of shareholders
      and stakeholders, it is satisfied that an effective shareholders’ communication policy has been properly implemented
      throughout the year ended 31 December, 2024.

      Shareholders are welcome to send their request for general meeting, proposed resolutions or enquiries to the Board to
      the primary contact person of the Company as follows:

      Cowell e Holdings Inc.
      Suite 1620
      16/F Ocean Centre
      5 Canton Road
      Tsimshatsui Kowloon
      Hong Kong
      Attention: Ms. Lam Wing Yan
      Email: carol@cowell.com.hk

      A copy of the latest version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
      Exchange. For the year ended 31 December, 2024, no change has been made to the Articles of Association.

60   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance Report



RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT

The Company is committed to the risk management and internal control, which are deeply embedded into the integral
part of its operations. The management of the Company has been focusing on internal policies and strategies to minimize
risks while making every endeavor to achieve its missions and objectives. In order to manage and control the identified
risks as well as unexpected risks, the Company has designed and developed risk management framework and tools.
Applying sound risk management framework and tools, the Company has made proper assessment of the risks and
strived to manage the risks within the boundary of the Boards risk appetite.

1.      PRINCIPAL RISKS

        The Board has defined principal risks that the Company has to confront with in order to achieve its strategic
        objectives.

        The principal risks, risk mitigating strategies and key performance indicators (the “KPIs”) that the Board has
        identified are illustrated below:

                                                                                         1. STRATEGIC RISKS
                                                                                                                           Key Performance
          Risk Description                         Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                         CHANGES IN 2024
                                                                                                                        Indicators (KPI) & Status
1.1 Single Customer Concentration           1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of days that the production yield is
      Risk:                                 - Key markets for smartphone including China are being                     lower than the management’s
The Company currently sells a substantial      saturated;                                                              comfort zone
portion of its camera modules and optical   - Low level of technology innovation did not justify the high pricing   - No case to trigger an escalation to
components to a limited number of              strategy of the major US customer; and                                  Group Risk Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                •   Competition in the supply chain
customers. The Company’s dependence         - Chinese smartphone makers’ enlarging market share led order              (“GRMC”) in 2024
                                                                                                                                                                    due to increased # of suppliers
on these customers may cause material          reduction from US major customer.                                                                                •   More than expected orders of
fluctuations or declines in revenue.                                                                                2. Revenue dependency on each
                                                                                                                                                                    new products from major US
                                            2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                customer and share allocation from
                                                                                                                                                                    customer in second half year
                                            - Short Term: Keep focusing on production yield enhancement                the customers
                                                                                                                                                                •   Chinese smartphone markers’
                                               and cost management to maintain price competitiveness and            - Monitoring purpose
                                                                                                                                                                    continuously enlarging market
                                               profitability of the business                                                                                        share
                                            - Medium Term: Upgrade skills and technology for high-end
                                               products and diversify product offering to the existing customers
                                            - Long Term: Keep exploring new product and business
                                               opportunities activating new business development team other
                                               than smartphone industry

1.2 Technology Risk:                        1. Current Situation                                                    1. Retention ratio of the talent pool
The Company’s continued success             - Highly talented engineers are scarce resource and maintaining         - No case to trigger an escalation to
depends on its ability to respond to           talent pool is challenging due to relatively high turnover ratio        GRMC in 2024                             •   Maintained high retention ratio
technology upgrade demanded by              - Competition in the camera module business has been                                                                    of 2024 talent pool
customers. It requires the Company’s           manageable due to high entry barrier led by advanced                 2. Maintained comfortable level of          •   Strived to hire more local
ability to maintain talented engineers.        technology, significant investment and no assurance of sales            retention ratio in 2024 (97.6%)              talented engineers
The Company’s failure to further refine        volume                                                                                                           •   Incentivized talented engineers
its technology and retain talented                                                                                  3. A larger talent pool for 2025 has            with both monetary and
engineers may weaken its product            2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                been established to retain more              non-monetary compensation
competitiveness which may result in         - Keep hiring & retaining talented engineers by offering attractive        talented engineers                       •   Registered patents to secure
lower sales and market share.                  compensation                                                                                                         our processing technology
                                            - Enhancing talent pool retention program




                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        61
      Corporate Governance Report


                                                                                         2. LEGAL & REGULATORY RISKS
                                                                                                                                 Key Performance
                 Risk Description                         Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                        CHANGES IN 2024
                                                                                                                              Indicators (KPI) & Status
       2.1 Legal & Compliance Risk:               1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of critical findings during monthly
       Non-compliance with Hong Kong              - No material violation or breach of Hong Kong Listing Rules               internal audit
       Listing Rules and local regulations           and/or local regulations and laws where we operate                                                              •   Maintained a sound risk
       where we operate (Cayman, China,              (Cayman/China/Hong Kong and Korea)                                   2. # of enquiries, guidance or                 management & internal
       Hong Kong and Korea) may result in                                                                                    warnings from the Authority                 control system
       adverse publicity and potentially          2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                             - No case to trigger an escalation to      •   Expanded support from
       significant monetary damages               - Maintained external legal advisors for both Hong Kong and                GRMC in 2024                                external legal & compliance
                                                     China to ensure a full compliance with Hong Kong listing rules                                                      professionals
                                                     and local regulations
                                                  - Conducting internal audit and mobilizing group risk management
                                                     committee to manage any unexpected situation


       2.2 Risk from mis-handling customers’      1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of security rule violations and the
            confidential information:             - No breach of NDAs has been escalated                                     amount of financial loss caused by
       The Company has signed                     - No inside information on disclosure case has been reported               the violation
       Non-Disclosure Agreements (“NDA”)                                                                                  - No case to trigger an escalation to
       with all customers and any breach of       2.   Risk Mitigating Strategy                                              GRMC in 2024                            •   Conducted regular NDA and
       the NDAs may cause serious                 -    Reinforcing the inside information handling policy                                                                inside information related
       financial damages.                         -    Implementing high level of security system                                                                        training for all employees in
                                                  -    Strengthening internal audit processes                                                                            2024
                                                  -    Providing training on inside information handling policy to all
                                                       employees




                                                                                              3. OPERATIONAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                 Key Performance
                 Risk Description                           Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                      CHANGES IN 2024
                                                                                                                              Indicators (KPI) & Status
       3.1 Production & Operational Risks:        1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of days with production shortage
       Securing sufficient factory labor in a     - Efficiently managed production in line with production plan by           against production plan                 Sufficient liquidity of labor due to:
       timely manner is critical for                 sourcing sufficient labor in a timely manner despite the
                                                                                                                                                                     1. Lessened workforce required
       executing production plan. Work               seasonality and high turnover of China labor market in Dongguan      2. No case to trigger an escalation to         due to upgraded automation
       stoppages and other labor-related          - There was no case in 2024 which triggered an escalation to               GRMC in 2024                                in the production line
       issues may adversely affect our               GRMC
                                                                                                                                                                     2. Relatively low factory
       operation.
                                                                                                                                                                         utilization rate due to reduced
                                                                                                                                                                         orders from customers led by
                                                  2.   Risk Mitigating Strategy
                                                                                                                                                                         fierce market competition and
                                                  -    Expanding factory labor recruiting channel
                                                                                                                                                                         overall retreating smartphone
                                                  -    Initiated factory labor retention program
                                                                                                                                                                         industry
                                                  -    Production line automation




                                                                                                4. FINANCIAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                 Key Performance
                 Risk Description                           Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                      CHANGES IN 2024
                                                                                                                              Indicators (KPI) & Status
       4.1 Foreign Exchange Risk:                 1. Current Situation                                                    1. Natural hedging position (Total
       Mismatching currencies in sales and        - Maintained USD as a core currency for both sales and                     procurement amount settled in           1. Maintained the natural hedging
       procurement contracts may adversely           procurements                                                            USD/Total sales settled in USD)            position within the
       affect the Company’s financial results.    - Operating subsidiaries in multiple countries caused FX valuation                                                    management’s comfort zone;
       Furthermore, operating subsidiaries in        gain or loss which may mislead the Company’s actual financial        2. FX transaction gain or loss with a         and
       multiple countries increase FX exposure.      results                                                                 trigger point to make an escalation     2. About 3.21% and 15.45%
                                                                                                                             to GRMC and Audit Committee                depreciation of CNY and KRW,
                                                  2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                                           respectively in 2024 had led
                                                  - Maximizing natural hedging position by matching currencies in         3. No case to trigger an escalation to        sizable exchange benefit.
                                                     sales and procurements contracts                                        GRMC in 2024
                                                  - Recording actual FX transaction gain or loss as well as FX
                                                     valuation gain or loss on a regular basis to monitor the situation
                                                     and providing this report to GRMC and Audit Committee on a
                                                     regular basis for their management decision



                 Risk level gets higher                 Risk level gets lower                        Risk level remains unchanged




62   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report


2.   PHILOSOPHY & OBJECTIVES OF THE COMPANY’S RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

     Managing risk is an ongoing process in the presence of uncertainties and should involve employees at all levels.
     Therefore, risk management cannot be practically performed on a standalone basis. All employees are required
     to be responsible and accountable for managing risk in so far as is reasonably practicable within the area of their
     responsibility. The principles and practices of sound risk management must be fully integrated into all business
     units’ normal management strategy, planning and operational processes. Reflecting this philosophy, the Company
     has prepared and implemented its prudent risk management system.

     The objectives of the Company’s risk management system are to:

     •    outline its systematic approach to risk management to achieve strategic and operational objectives of the
          Company;

     •    improve decision-making, accountability and outcomes through the effective use of risk management system;

     •    integrate risk management system into daily operations; and

     •    reduce any potential financial loss, protect the brand and reputation and optimize business performance in a
          controlled manner when opportunities arise.

3.   RISK APPETITE

     In pursuit of its strategic objectives, the Board and the management of the Company is willing to undertake risks
     only if they shall not jeopardize:

     •    the relationship with major customers;

     •    health and safety of stakeholders including employees, suppliers, customers, etc.;

     •    the viability of the Company due to intractable financial loss;

     •    environment of the community and nation;

     •    the Company’s reputation and brand name; and

     •    business license due to breach of regulations and laws where the Company operates.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   63
      Corporate Governance Report


      4.    RISK TAXONOMY

            At the highest level, the risks that the Company may have to confront with in order to achieve its strategic
            objectives can fall into the following risk categories:

            •     Strategic Risks: relating to the Group’s business model and strategy such as demand shortfall, customer
                  retention, pricing pressure, industry or sector downturn and failure to achieve technology upgrades;

            •     Operational Risks: risks that can be typically managed from within the business such as cost overrun,
                  operating controls, poor capacity management, supply chain issues, employee issues including fraud, bribery
                  and corruption and raw material prices;

            •     Financial Risks: the risks relating to inadequate liquidity management and unfavorable changes in the financial
                  market such as interest rates and foreign exchange; and

            •     Compliance/Regulatory risks: relating to legal, regulatory and stakeholders considerations.

      5.    RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

            The Company adopts an integrated and structured approach to risk management, which consists of 4 steps to
            follow.

            A.    Risk Identification

                  Day-to-day risk management resides with the individual business units; therefore, departmental manager of
                  each business units is accountable for the identification of the risks and their assessments as well as their
                  bottom-up reporting in order to achieve strategic and operational objectives.

            B.    Mitigation Control and Assurance Activities

                  Every risk identified must be carefully evaluated and all the root causes of the identified risks should be
                  assessed in order to find mitigating factors of the risk and ways to monitor and control the risk in an effective
                  manner. The internal audit, as the 3rd line of defense explained in the section 7.A., will need to carry out
                  analysis and independent appraisal of the mitigation control and assurance activities.

            C.    Accountabilities

                  Actively managing risks are the key duty of the risk owners/department managers of the Company.
                  Department managers will assist risk owners in measuring, controlling, monitoring and reporting risks and
                  they have both the right and obligation to contribute to risk management.




64   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report


     D.   Reporting

          All critical risks identified and any new/emerging risks to be identified by any individual department will be
          registered and reported to Group Risk Management Committee (“GRMC”). The risk management team of
          the Company (the “Risk Management Team”) can facilitate and assist the relevant staff/department to
          register the risks and consolidate all the risks registered based on the pre-defined risk taxonomy and report it
          to GRMC on a regular basis.

6.   RISK GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

     The effectiveness of risk management is unavoidably linked to management competence, commitment and
     integrity, all of which forms the basis of sound corporate governance. Corporate governance provides a systematic
     framework within which each management group can discharge their duties in managing the business.

     A.   The Board of Directors

          The Board is responsible for:

          •     evaluating and determining the risks it is willing to take in achieving the company’s strategic objectives;

          •     overseeing the Company’s risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis;

          •     reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems which need to be
                conducted at least annually;

          •     reporting to shareholders that it has done so in its Corporate Governance Report; and

          •     reviewing the related party transactions, connected transactions and to ensure the connected
                transactions are in compliance with the Listing Rules.

     B.   Audit Committee

          The Audit Committee is responsible for:

          •     reviewing the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems;

          •     discussing the risk management and internal control systems with GRMC to ensure that GRMC
                has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should include the adequacy of
                resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the issuer’s accounting
                and financial reporting function;

          •     considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
                by the Board;

          •     ensuring co-ordination between the internal and external auditors;




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   65
      Corporate Governance Report


                  •      the significant control failings or weaknesses identified during the year, and the extent to which they
                         have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
                         future have, a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and

                  •      the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with the Listing Rules.

                  The Audit Committee meets regularly to assess and evaluates the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk
                  management and internal control system of the Group and communicates to the Board in a timely manner
                  where there are any material internal control defects or failings or weakness.

            C.    The GRMC is responsible for:

                  •      assisting the Audit Committee to identify and evaluate risks with which the Company is facing;

                  •      designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems;

                  •      reviewing the identified risks on a regular basis and taking actions to alleviate the level of the identified
                         risks; and

                  •      assessing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems on a quarterly basis
                         and reporting it to the Audit Committee and the Board.

            D.    Risk Management Team

                  Risk Management Team is responsible for:

                  •      updating the risk management policy and formalizing it by having it approved by the Audit Committee
                         and the Board;

                  •      updating the inside information handling policy and formalizing it by having it approved by the Audit
                         Committee and the Board;

                  •      implementing the risk management and internal control systems and processes and providing a risk
                         management and internal control system training to all employees on a regular basis;

                  •      ensuring all office employees attend the training at least once a year;

                  •      facilitating the registration of all identified risks and new/emerging risks to be identified by any employee
                         and reporting it to GRMC; and

                  •      preparing and facilitating GRMC meeting on a monthly basis for the seamless flow and maximum
                         outcome of the meeting.




66   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report


E.   Internal Audit

     Internal Audit Team of the Company (the “Internal Audit Team”) is responsible for:

     •     reviewing the continuing connected transaction and provide findings to the independent Directors to
           assist them in performing their annual review;

     •     carrying out the internal audit function of the Company;

     •     updating the internal audit policy when it is needed;

     •     conducting the analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the workflow
           and work manual of the members of the Company;

     •     pointing out non-compliance works of the member of the Company being audited and instructing them
           to make remedy actions within the set timeframe; and

     •     reporting to GRMC critical findings of the audit and the effectiveness of internal control measures.

F.   Senior Management

     Senior management of the Company is responsible for:

     •     providing direction and guidance within their areas of accountability so that subordinates best utilize
           their abilities in the preservation of the Company’s resources;

     •     promoting, sponsoring and coordinating the development of a risk management culture within the
           organization;

     •     guiding the inclusion of risk management in all strategic and operational decision making; and

     •     possessing a clear profile of major risks within their area of control incorporating both opportunities and
           negative risks.

G.   Line Management

     Line Management of the Company is responsible for the adoption of risk management practices and will be
     directly responsible for the results of risk management activities, relevant to their area of responsibility. As
     part of the annual planning cycle all responsible managers will be required to consider and document existing
     risks and their impact on proposed plans. Any new emerging risks identified due to changes in the business
     environment must also be documented. Risk records must be maintained up-to-date on an on-going basis to
     reflect any changes which may occur.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   67
      Corporate Governance Report


            H.    All Employees

                  All employees of the Company are responsible for:

                  •      acting at all times in a manner which does not place at risk the health and safety of themselves or any
                         other person in the workplace;

                  •      providing direction and training to persons for whom they have a supervisory responsibility or duty of
                         care relating to health and safety; and

                  •      identifying areas where risk management practices should be adopted and are to advise their
                         supervisors accordingly.

      7.    RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

            There are a number of different types of risks, which the Company must take and manage in order to achieve its
            strategic objectives. The Board and senior management must identify these risks and discuss about the mitigating
            factors to manage the overall risk level and find ways to monitor the risks ensuring they stay within the Company’s
            risk appetite.

            In order to be more systematic to manage these risks, the following risk management framework has been
            adopted:

            A.    Three Lines of Defense Model

                  Risks are inherent in every corner of our businesses, and it is important to have a culture involving all levels of
                  employee and a systematic approach to identify and assess risks such that they can be reduced, eliminated
                  or avoided. In order to create risk conscious culture within the organization and manage risks systematically,
                  three lines of defense model has been adopted. The following illustration and table show the definition of
                  each line of defense and its role:




68   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report



                                     Board of Directors & Audit Committee

                                     Group Risk Management Committee

                                             Senior Management

    1st Line of Defence                      2nd Line of Defence                     3rd Line of Defence

•   Ongoing identification,              •   Periodic Review and challenge      •   Provide assurance over the
    assessment, monitoring and               of top risks impacting the             effectiveness of controls in
    reporting of risks and                   strategic objectives                   place to manage risk
    opportunities in respective          •   Escalate the top risks to Senior
    areas                                    Management Officers and
•   Plan and implement actions to            through them, to the Audit &
    manage risk                              Group Risk Management
•   Escalate risks that exceed the           Committee and the Board of
    group’s risk appetite                    Directors for their review
                                         •   Facilitate the risk process




Risk Owners:                              Risk Owners:                          Independent Oversight:
• Front line staff                        • Risk Management                     • Internal Audit
• Project development                     • Accounting/Finance
                                          • Legal/HR




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   69
      Corporate Governance Report


            B.     Risk Rating Methodology

                   In order to measure our risk appetite, all the identified principal risks will need to be rated based on the
                   significance of the risk and the likelihood of occurrence.

                   Table 1 Significance of the Risk

       Risk Rating
       Dimension             Insignificant(1)      Minor(2)             Moderate(3)          Major(4)             Critical(5)


       Financial             Financial damage      Financial damage     Financial damage     Financial damage Financial damage
                             of event less than    of event between     of event between     of event between of event more than
                             HKD1 million          HKD1 million and     HKD5 million and     HKD10 million and HKD15 million
                                                   HKD5 million         HKD10 million        HKD15 million

       Reputational          Internal corrective   No negative media Short‐term (less        Long‐term (more      Stakeholders lose
                             action without any    focus and/or       than a week)           than a week)         confidence in
                             negative media        concerns raised by negative media         negative media       the organization
                             focus                 one stakeholder    focus and/             focus and/           in the long-
                                                                      or significant         or sustained         term, permanent
                                                                      concerns raised        concerns raised      withdrawal of
                                                                      by more than one       by more than one     support by several
                                                                      stakeholders           stakeholders         stakeholders

       Operational           Corrective action     Corrective action    An incidence with    An incidence with    An incidence with
                             within a day          within a week        the potential to     the potential to     the potential to
                             without disruption    without disruption   lead to disruption   lead to disruption   lead to disruption
                             of operation          of operation         of operation for a   of operation for     of operation for
                                                                        day                  more than a week     more than a month

       Regulatory            Internal corrective   Guidance from the Warnings from the Monetary penalty           Civil/criminal
                             action without        authority         authority                                    liabilities
                             any operational
                             disruption




70   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report


Table 2 Likelihood of Occurrence

 Rating                        Description


 Highly Likely                 Highly likely to occur in all circumstances (weekly)

 Likely                        Likely to occur in most circumstances (monthly)

 Possible                      Possible to occur at some stage (quarterly)

 Unlikely                      Unlikely to occur in most circumstances (1–3 years)

 Rare                          May only occur in exceptional circumstances (3–10 years)


Every identified risk will be mapped out based on the result of risk ratings using the above risk parameters.
The significance of the risk will be evaluated in four different areas such as financial risk, reputational risk,
operational risk and regulatory risk and the rating of the most relevant risk area will be selected, which will
represent the significance of the risk. And after measuring the likelihood of occurrence, the risk can be
positioned in the following risk map.

Picture 1 Risk Map


                                                                  Significance

                                 Insignificant       Minor          Moderate          Major     Critical


               Highly Likely


                  Likely




  Likelihood
                 Possible


                 Unlikely


                   Rare




Any risk located outside of the white area can be defined as the risk within our risk appetite. And any risk
located in the white area will be continuously monitored and the Company will make every effort to bring it
out of the area which is acceptable based on the Company’s risk appetite.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   71
      Corporate Governance Report


      8.    RISK MANAGEMENT TRAINING

            The Risk Management Team is responsible for the development and provision of risk management awareness
            training as well as specific training programs throughout the Company. This training is to address the needs of all
            employees including senior management.

      9.    RISK MANAGEMENT PERIODIC REVIEW

            The Risk Management Team will support the management through periodic independent review of risk
            management practices and procedures to provide assurance on their efficiency and relevance to the GRMC and
            the Audit Committee.


      INTERNAL AUDIT

      Internal audit is an integral part of internal control along with risk management system. The mission of the Internal Audit
      Team is to provide independent and objective reviews and assessments of the business activities, operations, financial
      systems and internal accounting controls of the Company. The Internal Audit Team accomplishes its mission through the
      conduct of operational, financial and performance audits, selected as the result of a risk identification and assessment
      process. The resulting schedule of audits is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee and the GRMC of the
      Company.

      1.    OBJECTIVE

            The Internal Audit Team conducts independent reviews and appraisals of the work procedures and operations.
            These reviews provide management with an independent appraisal of the various operations and systems of
            control. The reviews also help to ensure that the Company’s resources are used efficiently and effectively while
            helping the Company achieve its mission, as directed by the Board. It is the intention of the Internal Audit Team to
            perform this service with professional care and with minimal disruption to daily operations.




72   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report


2.   RESPONSIBILITY AND AUTHORITY

     The internal audit function was established at the direction of the Board and derives its authority directly from the
     Audit Committee. The Internal Audit Team reports to the GRMC on a monthly basis and to the Audit Committee
     on a quarterly basis. Internal audit staff is authorized to conduct a comprehensive internal audit program within the
     Company and is responsible for keeping the Audit Committee and GRMC informed of unusual transactions or other
     matters of significance.

3.   INDEPENDENCE

     In order to maintain independence and objectivity, the internal audit function has no direct responsibility or any
     authority over the activities or operations that are subject to review, nor should the Internal Audit Team develop or
     install procedures, prepare records or engage in activities that would normally be subject to review. However, the
     Internal Audit Team may be consulted when new systems or procedures are designed to ensure they adequately
     address internal controls.

4.   OBJECTIVITY

     Internal audit is a service function organized and operated primarily for the purpose of conducting audits, in
     accordance with the predefined work procedures. The evidential matter gathered from these audits forms the
     basis for furnishing opinions and other relevant information to chairman of the Board, Audit Committee, GRMC and
     senior management of the Company.

     Opinions and other information furnished may attest to the adequacy of internal control, the degree of compliance
     with established policies and procedures and/or their effectiveness and efficiency in achieving organizational
     objectives. The Internal Audit Team may also recommend cost effective courses of action for the management to
     consider in improving efficiencies that have been identified during an audit.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   73
      Corporate Governance Report


      5.    AUDIT PROCESS

            Although every audit project is unique, the audit process is similar for most engagements and usually consists
            of nine stages. Through these stages the Internal Audit Team will determine ways to minimize risks and increase
            efficiencies within the area.

            A.    Plan:

                  The Internal Audit Team will develop an audit plan based on a review of all pertinent information.

            B.    Notify:

                  The Internal Audit Team will schedule a meeting with the unit manager and the senior managers of the
                  process to be audited. Identify the scope and objectives of the audit, how long it is expected to last and what
                  the responsibilities for all parties are in the audit process. Any factors that may impact the audit should be
                  raised at this time. Factors include vacations, fiscal year end reporting requirements, etc.

            C.    Test:

                  Testing will include interviews with the staff, review of procedures and risk manuals, assessing the adequacy
                  of internal controls.

            D.    Communicate:

                  Keep the department that is undergoing the audit updated on the status of the audit on a regular basis
                  especially if there are any findings. There may be instances where the findings can be addressed immediately.




74   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report


E.   Draft:

     The report draft will include the audit scope and objectives, summary and opinion, findings and audit
     recommendations.

F.   Management Response:

     Management will receive the audit draft to confirm the facts and respond to the audit recommendations. Their
     response should assign the responsibility and have a specific target date of completion for the corrective
     actions. The time window for the management response will be 21 calendar days.

G.   Review:

     The final version of the audit will be reviewed and all issues resolved by the Internal Audit Team.

H.   Distribute:

     The report is then released to the Audit Committee and GRMC as part of the agenda at the periodic meetings
     as requested.

I.   Verify:

     The Internal Audit Team will normally conduct a follow up on the management responses to the audit
     Findings and Recommendations within a reasonable time frame. This subsequent review will be discussed
     with the involved management and the comments published. The comments may also be released to the
     Audit Committee and GRMC as part of the agenda at the periodic meetings.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   75
      Corporate Governance Report


      6.    PRIORITIZATION OF THE AUDIT

            The below are three factors adopted for the prioritization of processes for auditing:

            A.     Financial Factor: The significance of a process will be evaluated based on the amount of monetary impact
                   of the process.

            B.     Operational Factor: The criticality of the process, when it has ERRORS or IRREGULARITIES, will be
                   determined by time to be required for the corrective action.

            C.     Regulatory Factor: The rating of this category will be determined by the level of action from the authority.

            And the risk parameters of each category are illustrated in the following Table:

              Risk Rating Dimension       Insignificant (Ratings 1)         Moderate (Ratings 2)            Critical (Ratings 3)


              Financial                   Financial damage of event less    Financial damage of event       Financial damage of event
                                          than HK$500,000                   between HK$500,000 and          more than HK$1,000,000
                                                                            HK$1,000,000


              Operational                 Corrective action within a week An incidence with the potential   An incidence with the potential
                                          without disruption of operation   to lead to disruption of        to lead to disruption of
                                                                            operation for more than a week operation for more than a
                                                                                                            month


              Regulatory                  Internal corrective action        Warnings from the authority     Monetary penalties and/or
                                          without any warning from the      and/or monetary penalties       Civil/criminal liabilities
                                          authority


            The prioritization of the process for auditing will be determined by the rating of the most relevant factors indicated
            above.




76   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



INTERNAL CONTROL FOR THE HANDLING INSIDE INFORMATION

The Board and the management of the Company are well aware of the following statutory duties relating to the handling
of inside information:

•    The Company must have procedures for the secure handling of inside information;

•    A list of persons who are given access to inside information must be kept and the list must be continuously
     updated;

•    Persons who are given access to inside information shall be made aware of the duties and responsibilities that this
     entails, as well as the criminal liability involved; and

•    The Company must be able to provide documentary evidence to the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong
     Kong that persons who are given access to inside information are aware of their duties.

1.   APPLICABILITY

     These inside information handling procedures apply to all employees and elected officers (directors, elected auditor
     and corporate secretary) of the Company and its subsidiaries and to joint ventures in which the Group is a partner.
     The persons in charge of business areas in the Company shall ensure that employees and elected officers of the
     Company’s subsidiaries receive necessary information about and training in use of these instructions. Responsibility
     at the Company lies with the heads of the various departments. The individual department heads shall assist in
     providing practical training.

2.   THE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF A PERSON WITH RECEIPT OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     Each employee and elected officer who receives inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments shall
     act in accordance with the prohibitions and duties that are described in further detail below.

     A.    Prohibition of misuse of inside information

           No person must subscribe for, purchase, sell or exchange financial instruments issued by the Company
           if he or she has inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments. This prohibition applies to
           every natural and legal person, indirect and direct trading, and trading both for own account and for a third
           party’s account, irrespective of form of settlement. The prohibition also applies to incitement to trade, i.e.
           persons who have inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments are not permitted to give
           other persons advice or in any way influence other persons to carry out, or refrain from carrying out, such
           transactions. This applies correspondingly to the entry into, purchase, sale or exchange of options or forward/
           futures contracts or similar rights (including financial derivatives) related to such financial instruments or to
           incitement to carry out such transactions.

           The prohibition applies only to trades that can be characterized as misuse of inside information. Whether or
           not the trade constitutes misuse must be assessed in each individual case.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   77
      Corporate Governance Report


            B.    Duty of confidentiality

                  Inside information is confidential information, and shall not be given to or in other ways made available to
                  unauthorized persons. The information may only be communicated or made available to another person if
                  the recipient has a relevant, well-founded need for the information, assessed on the basis of the Company’s
                  interests. A strict “need to know” principle applies, i.e. as few people as possible shall have access to the
                  information, as late as is practically possible.

                  Any person who communicates inside information or makes such information available to another person
                  has an independent responsibility for ensuring that the person who is given access to the information is
                  simultaneously made aware of the duties and responsibilities entailed by the receipt of such information,
                  including the duty of confidentiality, the duty of proper handling of the information, the duty not to misuse
                  it, and the criminal liability that attaches to the misuse or unwarranted distribution of such information. The
                  above applies regardless of whether the recipient is an employee, an elected officer or an external advisor or
                  a business connection.

            C.    Duty of information in connection with the communication of inside information

                  If inside information is communicated or made available to another person, the person responsible for
                  maintaining the insider list and/or the Investor Relations Department shall be notified immediately, and if
                  possible, before the information is communicated. Compliance with this duty of information is essential if the
                  Company is to be able to fulfil its statutory duty to maintain an insider list, and to ensure that the persons who
                  are given access to inside information are aware of the responsibility that this entails.

                  The person responsible for maintaining the insider list shall immediately put the person in question on the list
                  of persons who have access to inside information. The insider list maintainer shall at the latest at the same
                  time make sure that the recipient has been made aware of the duties and responsibilities that such access
                  entails, and the criminal liability that attaches to misuse or unlawful use of such information.

            D.    Duty to ensure proper handling of inside information and to secure information

                  Any person who has inside information has a duty, in handling such information, to exercise due care in order
                  to ensure that inside information does not come into the possession of unauthorized persons or is misused.




78   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report


Whistleblowing and Anti-Corruption Policies

In order to raise internal control awareness, the Company has established whistleblowing policy and system for
employees and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit
Committee about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company.

The Company has also implemented anti-corruption policy and system against corrupt and fraudulent activities
including, for instance, measures against receiving bribes and kickbacks, and misappropriation of company
assets, as well as prohibiting the acceptance of gifts, hospitality and other offers by interested third parties. The
anti-corruption policy is included in the Group’s Code of Conduct which all employees are required to acknowledge
and accept.

The whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that they remain
adequate of and up-to-date with any applicable legislation including but not limited to the Prevention of Bribery
Ordinance in Hong Kong and relevant laws and regulations on anticorruption and bribery in China.


GENDER DIVERSITY ACROSS WORKFORCE

In our workforce (including senior management), the gender ratio is 24% (females): 76% (males). The Board
considers that our current workforce is diverse in terms of gender. The Company is determined to maintain gender
diversity at least at a level of 22% female representation in the workforce subject to any changes to the business
model and needs of the Group. The Group will also further enhance diversity in all aspects, including gender
diversity, through policies and training for all employees to support inclusive behaviors. For further details about
our gender diversity in the workforce, please refer to the standalone “2024 Environmental, Social and Governance
Report” published by the Company.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   79
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Cowell e Holdings Inc.
      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Cowell e Holdings Inc. (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
      (“the Group”) set out on pages 86 to 150, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
      December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for
      the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
      year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International
      Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements
      of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis of opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
      in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are
      independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”)
      together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the
      Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
      the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion.




80   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Valuation of inventories in the manufacturing subsidiaries

Refer to accounting policy note 1(j) and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements

The Key Audit Matter                                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group held significant inventories as at 31 December 2024,          Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories in the
which comprised raw materials, work-in-progress and finished            manufacturing subsidiaries included the following:
goods in respect of camera modules and optical components, and
a significant portion are located in the manufacturing subsidiaries     •     evaluating the design and implementation of
in the People’s Republic of China.                                            management’s key internal controls over the inventory
                                                                              write-down assessment process, including the Group’s
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.         monitoring controls over slow-moving inventories;


The Group maintains its inventory levels based on forecast              •     assessing the historical accuracy of management’s
demand. There is a risk that the net realisable value of inventories          calculation of write-downs of inventories by examining
may fall below their cost due to changes in customer demand                   the utilisation or release of write-downs and write-downs
and the consequent overstocking of inventories at the end of                  recorded at the end of the previous financial year during
the reporting period. In addition, a significant proportion of the            the current financial year;
Group’s products are manufactured to meet specific customer
requirements. There is a risk that if there is a demand issue with      •     assessing whether the inventory write-down policy is
customer’s products, the related inventories held by the Group                appropriate with reference to the requirements of the
may not be able to sell.                                                      prevailing accounting standards;


Management assesses the level of write-downs of inventories             •     assessing whether items in the inventory ageing report
required at each reporting date after considering inventory ageing,           were classified within the appropriate ageing bucket
estimated selling price and forecast demand. Such assessment                  by comparing with the individual items with underlying
involves significant management judgement and estimation                      documents, such as purchase invoices, on a sample
in determining the value of inventories which might not be                    basis;
recoverable at each reporting date.
                                                                        •     assessing the reasonableness of the estimated selling
We identified the valuation of inventories in the manufacturing               price and forecast demand used in the calculation of
subsidiaries as a key audit matter because inventories are                    inventory write-downs adopted by the management,
significant to the consolidated financial statements and there                taking into account the ageing for the inventories and the
is significant degree of management judgement involved in                     Group’s current circumstances; and
determining the write-down of inventories.
                                                                        •     assessing whether the inventory write-downs at the
                                                                              reporting date were calculated on a basis consistent with
                                                                              the Group’s inventory write-down policy by recalculating
                                                                              the inventory write-downs based on the Group’s inventory
                                                                              provision policy.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    81
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Key audit matters (continued)

       Impairment of property, plant and equipment

       Refer to accounting policy notes 1(f) and 1(i)(ii) and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements

       The Key Audit Matter                                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

       The Group held significant property, plant and equipment as at          Our audit procedures to assess the impairment of property, plant
       31 December 2024, which mainly comprised plant and machinery            and equipment included the following:
       used in the Group’s camera module and optical component
       production lines. Impairment loss of US$49.4 million was                •     evaluating the design and implementation of
       recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the            management’s key internal controls over the property,
       year ended 31 December 2024.                                                  plant and equipment impairment assessment process,
                                                                                     including the Group’s monitoring controls over the
       The Group’s property, plant and equipment is allocated to relevant            impairment of property, plant and equipment;
       cash generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of assessing
       if there is any impairment indicator and performing impairment          •     assessing the appropriateness of management’s
       assessment at the end of the reporting period.                                identification of CGUs and the allocation of assets and
                                                                                     liabilities to these CGUs with reference to the requirements
       Management considered that there were indicators of impairment                of the prevailing accounting standards;
       for certain property, plant and equipment used for the production
       at 31 December 2024 due to decrease of forecast orders.                 •     evaluating the competence, capability and objectivity of
                                                                                     the external valuer engaged by the management;
       In performing the impairment assessment, management engaged
       an external valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the             •     engaging our internal valuation specialists to assess
       relevant CGUs using value in use method by preparing discounted               the appropriateness of the valuation methodology with
       cash flow forecast. Management compared carrying value of the                 reference to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
       relevant CGUs with respective recoverable amount to determine if              standards and the reasonableness of the discount rates
       any impairment loss should be recognised.                                     used by comparing with available financial information of
                                                                                     other similar companies in the same industry;
       The discounted cash flow forecast was prepared based on a
       number of assumptions, which included forecast sales volumes,           •     challenging the reasonableness of the forecast sales
       forecast unit selling prices, forecast unit costs and discount rates.         volumes, forecast unit selling prices and forecast unit costs
                                                                                     by comparing with the historical financial performance
       We identified the assessment of impairment of property, plant                 results and management’s budgets and future economic
       and equipment as a key audit matter because property, plant and               and industry forecasts;
       equipment are significant to the consolidated financial statements
       and there is significant degree of management judgement involved        •     performing sensitivity analysis on discount rates, the
       in the determination of recoverable amount which is inherently                forecast sales volume, forecast unit selling prices and
       uncertain and could be subject to management bias.                            forecast unit costs, assessing the impact of changes to
                                                                                     the conclusions reached in the impairment assessment
                                                                                     and considering if there was any indication of management
                                                                                     bias; and


                                                                               •     assessing the reasonableness of the disclosure in the
                                                                                     financial statements with reference to the requirements of
                                                                                     the prevailing accounting standards.




82   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report



Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   83
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
      This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
      accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
      HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
      considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
      decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
            fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
            sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
            resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
            omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
            related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
            the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
            exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
            financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
            the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
            the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
            a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
            of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
            statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
            of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




84   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Kong Wing Hung.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

20 March 2025




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   85
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      for the year ended 31 December, 2024
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                                2024        2023
                                                                                 Note          $’000       $’000


       Revenue                                                                    2        2,494,258     923,846


       Cost of sales                                                                       (2,203,351)   (796,080)


       Gross profit                                                                          290,907     127,766


       Other (loss)/income                                                        3           (22,970)    12,802
       Selling and distribution expenses                                                       (3,430)     (2,119)
       Administrative expenses                                                              (108,098)     (78,772)


       Profit from operations                                                                156,409      59,677


       Finance costs                                                             4(a)         (18,706)     (9,567)


       Profit before taxation                                                     4          137,703      50,110


       Income tax                                                                5(a)         (17,323)     (3,720)


       Profit for the year                                                                   120,380      46,390


       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                    119,055      46,589
       Non-controlling interests                                                               1,325         (199)


       Profit for the year                                                                   120,380      46,390


       Earnings per share                                                         9


       Basic                                                                                  $0.139      $0.055


       Diluted                                                                                $0.134      $0.053




      The notes on pages 93 to 150 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


86   Cowell e Holding Inc.
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                     for the year ended 31 December, 2024
                                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                           Note             $’000                   $’000


 Profit for the year                                                                     120,380                  46,390


 Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax adjustments):           8


 Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:


 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements                             (12,402)                  (7,112)


 Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:


 Remeasurement of net defined benefit obligation                                               (28)                     (9)


                                                                                         (12,430)                  (7,121)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 107,950                  39,269


 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                      106,733                  39,693
 Non-controlling interests                                                                  1,217                    (424)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 107,950                  39,269




The notes on pages 93 to 150 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        87
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      as at 31 December, 2024
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                           2024      2023
                                               Note       $’000      $’000


       Non-current assets


       Property, plant and equipment            10      374,444    176,819
       Intangible assets                        11        1,526      2,360
       Interest in a joint venture              13          556       565
       Prepayment and other receivables        15(b)     17,606      9,700
       Deferred tax assets                     22(b)     13,341      5,967


                                                        407,473    195,411


       Current assets


       Inventories                              14      315,185    133,895
       Trade and other receivables              15      434,708    175,083
       Current tax recoverable                 22(a)         —       2,410
       Pledged bank deposits                   16(e)     10,468     74,336
       Bank deposits                           16(a)    161,371    265,435
       Cash and cash equivalents               16(a)    113,349     96,726


                                                       1,035,081   747,885


       Current liabilities


       Trade and other payables                 17      536,553    234,998
       Bank loans                               18      206,483    274,760
       Lease liabilities                        19        4,158      4,011
       Current tax payable                     22(a)     17,583      2,051


                                                        764,777    515,820


       Net current assets                               270,304    232,065


       Total assets less current liabilities            677,777    427,476




88   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                              as at 31 December, 2024
                                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                             Note       $’000                   $’000


 Non-current liabilities


 Bank loans                                                                   18     117,623                        —
 Lease liabilities                                                            19       33,462                 10,432
 Net defined benefit retirement obligation                                    20             6                       2
 Deferred income                                                                        3,031                   1,876


                                                                                     154,122                  12,310


 NET ASSETS                                                                          523,655                 415,166


 CAPITAL AND RESERVES


 Share capital                                                               23(b)      3,449                   3,412
 Reserves                                                                            513,084                 406,243


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                     516,533                 409,655


 Non-controlling interests                                                              7,122                   5,511


 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        523,655                 415,166


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 20 March, 2025




Mr. Chen Han-Yang                                             Mr. Meng Yan
Director                                                      Director




The notes on pages 93 to 150 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024        89
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December, 2024
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                        Capital                  General                                                Non-
                                                      Share       Share   Capital   redemption        Other      reserve Exchange           Retained               controlling
                                                      capital   premium   reserve       reserve      reserve        fund      reserve         profits     Total       interest     Total
                                           Note       $’000       $’000    $’000         $’000        $’000        $’000          $’000       $’000       $’000        $’000       $’000


       Balance at 1 January 2023                      3,357      62,433    4,507              7         762       25,741     (35,102)       298,284     359,989          608     360,597


       Changes in equity for 2023:


       Profit for the year                                —          —        —              —            —           —               —      46,589      46,589          (199)    46,390
       Other comprehensive income            8            —          —        —              —            —           —           (6,887)         (9)    (6,896)         (225)    (7,121)


       Total comprehensive income                         —          —        —              —            —           —           (6,887)    46,580      39,693          (424)    39,269


       Transfer from retained profits                     —          —        —              —            —        5,476              —       (5,476)        —             —          —
       Shares issued under share option
          scheme                          23(b)(ii)       55      8,497   (1,440)            —            —           —               —           —       7,112            —       7,112
       Equity settled share-based
          transactions                                    —          —     1,308             —            —           —               —           —       1,308            —       1,308
       Share options lapsed/cancelled                     —          —       (28)            —            —           —               —           28         —             —          —
       Capital contributions from non-
          controlling interest                            —          —        —              —        1,553           —               —           —       1,553        5,327       6,880


                                                          55      8,497     (160)            —        1,553        5,476              —       (5,448)     9,973        5,327      15,300


       Balance at 31 December 2023                    3,412      70,930    4,347              7       2,315       31,217      (41,989)      339,416     409,655        5,511     415,166




90   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                      for the year ended 31 December, 2024
                                                                                                                                                          (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                         Shares
                                                                         held for
                                                                           share                Capital                    General                                                Non-
                                                       Share    Share     award     Capital redemption         Other       reserve    Exchange        Retained               controlling
                                                       capital premium scheme reserve           reserve      reserve          fund         reserve      profits     Total       interest     Total
                                            Note        $’000    $’000     $’000     $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000           $’000       $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000


 Balance at 1 January 2024                              3,412   70,930        —      4,347            7         2,315       31,217         (41,989)    339,416    409,655         5,511    415,166


 Changes in equity for 2024:


 Profit for the year                                       —        —         —         —            —             —            —               —      119,055    119,055         1,325    120,380
 Other comprehensive income                   8            —        —         —         —            —             —            —          (12,294)        (28)   (12,322)         (108)   (12,430)


 Total comprehensive income                                —        —         —         —            —             —            —          (12,294)    119,027    106,733         1,217    107,950


 Transfer from retained profits                            —        —         —         —            —             —         9,664              —       (9,664)        —             —          —
 Shares issued under share option
    scheme                                 23(b)(ii)      37     5,857        —       (717)          —             —            —               —           —       5,177            —       5,177
 Shares purchased for share award
    scheme                                 23(c)(vi)       —        —     (7,801)       —            —             —            —               —           —      (7,801)           —      (7,801)
 Equity settled share-based
    transactions                                           —        —         —      3,444           —             —            —               —           —       3,444            —       3,444
 Share options lapsed/cancelled                            —        —         —        (41)          —             —            —               —           41         —             —          —
 Acquisition of non-controlling interest                   —        —         —         —            —           (675)          —               —           —        (675)          394       (281)


                                                          37     5,857    (7,801)    2,686           —           (675)       9,664              —       (9,623)      145            394       539


 Balance at 31 December 2024                            3,449   76,787    (7,801)    7,033            7         1,640       40,881         (54,283)    448,820    516,533         7,122    523,655




The notes on pages 93 to 150 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        91
      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      for the year ended 31 December, 2024
      (Expressed in United States dollars)



                                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                                 Note          $’000         $’000


       Operating activities


       Cash generated from operations                                            16(b)        70,575       120,369


       Tax paid
       — Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded/(paid)                                                  2,355        (2,482)
       — PRC and Korea tax paid                                                                (8,847)       (4,451)


       Net cash generated from operating activities                                           64,083       113,436


       Investing activities


       Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                (247,958)      (80,726)
       Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                       146             —
       Payment for purchase of intangible assets                                                (532)           (59)
       Interest received                                                                      17,536         3,456
       Proceeds from matured bank deposits                                                   659,759       691,549
       Placement of new bank deposits                                                       (558,496)     (855,040)
       Prepayment for investment in an associate                                              (6,399)            —


       Net cash used in investing activities                                                (135,944)     (240,820)


       Financing activities


       Proceeds from new bank loans                                              16(c)      1,201,873    1,133,849
       Repayment of bank loans                                                   16(c)     (1,150,981)    (872,740)
       Capital element of lease rental paid                                      16(c)         (4,942)        (5,067)
       Interest element of lease rental paid                                     16(c)         (1,987)          (878)
       Interest paid                                                             16(c)        (15,959)        (8,689)
       Proceeds from shares issued under share option scheme                                    5,177          7,931
       Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                            63,868       (74,336)
       Payment for purchase of shares held for share award scheme                              (7,801)            —
       Payment for acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                            (281)            —


       Net cash generated from financing activities                                           88,967       180,070


       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              17,106        52,686


       Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                 96,726        44,508


       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (483)         (468)


       Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                  16(a)       113,349        96,726


      The notes on pages 93 to 150 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



92   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
          Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial
          Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and related interpretations, promulgated
          by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
          Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of
          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing
          Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
          current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information on any changes in accounting policies
          resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the
          current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise Cowell e Holdings
          Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in a
          joint venture.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
          that certain employee benefits are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out
          below.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
          income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
          various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
          the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
          from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
          estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
          or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the financial
          statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 28.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       93
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

             (c)     Changes in accounting policies

                     The IASB has issued a number of amendments to IFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting
                     period of the Group.

                     None of the developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the
                     current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied any new standard or
                     interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

             (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

                     Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
                     rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                     its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the
                     Group and other parties) are considered.

                     An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
                     control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
                     any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
                     financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
                     as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

                     Non-controlling interests (“NCI”) represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to
                     the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of
                     those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those
                     interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect
                     to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
                     share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

                     Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
                     separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in
                     the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
                     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) as an allocation of the
                     total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the
                     equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual
                     obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
                     financial position in accordance with notes 1(n) depending on the nature of the liability.

                     Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
                     equity transactions.

                     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
                     any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any
                     interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.




94   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (d)	Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

          In the company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
          classified as held for sale).

    (e)   Joint venture

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control
          of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and
          obligations for its liabilities.

          A joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in
          a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost, which includes transaction
          costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and
          OCI of those investees, until the date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced to
          nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
          constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is
          the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any other long-term interests
          that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture, after applying
          the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 1(i)(i)).

          Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
          investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
          way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

          In the company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a joint venture is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
          classified as held for sale).

    (f)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing
          costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)):

          —     right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not the
                registered owner of the property interest; and

          —     items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and
                equipment (see note 1(h)).

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
          accounted for as separate items (major components).



                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       95
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

             (f)	Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                     Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. Any
                     related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not reclassified
                     to profit or loss.

                     Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment less
                     their estimated residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
                     generally recognised in profit or loss.

                     The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                     —       Leasehold improvements                                         Shorter of the terms of leases or 13 years
                     —       Plant and machinery                                                                            5–8 years
                     —       Equipment, furniture and fixtures                                                              3–5 years
                     —       Motor vehicles                                                                                 3–5 years
                     —       Properties leased for own use                                                  Unexpired terms of leases

                     Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
                     appropriate.

             (g)     Intangible assets

                     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
                     Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially
                     feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure
                     capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads
                     and borrowing costs, where applicable (see note 1(t)). Capitalised development costs are stated at cost
                     less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)). Other development expenditure is
                     recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                     Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
                     (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)).

                     Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
                     the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised from the
                     date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

                     —       Development costs                                                                                  5 years
                     —       Software                                                                                     5 to 10 years

                     Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.




96   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (g)	Intangible assets (Continued)

          Club membership are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion
          that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
          circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the
          change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date
          of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out
          above.

    (h)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
          contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of
          the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          As a lessee

          At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
          for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items such as laptops
          and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides
          whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments
          are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

          Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
          payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
          cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
          liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
          Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
          lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

          The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
          the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement
          date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
          asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
          The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
          (see notes 1(f) and 1(i)(ii)), except for the following types of right-of-use asset:

          —     right-of-use assets related to leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered owner of
                the leasehold interest are carried at fair value (see note 1(f)); and




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       97
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

             (h)	Leased assets (Continued)

                     As a lessee (Continued)

                     Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance with the
                     accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised cost. Any excess of
                     the nominal value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made
                     and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                     The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
                     an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
                     a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase,
                     extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding
                     adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the
                     carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                     The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope
                     of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such
                     modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is remeasured based
                     on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
                     modification.

                     In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
                     determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months
                     after the reporting period.

             (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets

                     (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments

                            The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on:

                            —       financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits,
                                    pledged bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, including those are held for the
                                    collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest)

                            Measurement of ECLs

                            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
                            present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.




98   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (i)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

              Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

              The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

              —     fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial
                    recognition or an approximation thereof;

              —     variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
              the group is exposed to credit risk.

              ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

              —     12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                    within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                    instrument is less than 12 months); and

              —     lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                    lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

              The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
              which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

              —     financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

              —     other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                    life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

              Loss allowances for trade and other receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
              ECLs.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       99
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (i)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                      (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                             Significant increases in credit risk

                             When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                             recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information
                             that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                             information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment,
                             that includes forward-looking information.

                             The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
                             30 days past due.

                             The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                             —       the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                                     Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

                             —       the financial asset is 90 days past due.

                             The Group considers a financial instrument to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating is equivalent
                             to the globally understood definition of ‘investment grade’.

                             ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                             since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                             in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                             corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                             Write-off policy

                             The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to the
                             extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the asset becomes
                             90 days past due or when the Group otherwise determines that the debtor does not have assets
                             or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the
                             write-off.

                             Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                             impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




100   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (i)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                 At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
                 inventories, prepayments and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of
                 impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                 For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                 cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                 cash-generating units (“CGUs”).

                 The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs
                 of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value
                 using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                 the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                 An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                 amount.

                 Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
                 of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in
                 the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                 reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                 that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
                 recognised.

    (j)   Inventories

          Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
          conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
          of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period
          in which the related revenue is recognised.

          The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
          recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any
          write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
          in the period in which the reversal occurs.

                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       101
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (j)	Inventories (Continued)

                      A right to recover returned goods is recognised for the right to recover products from customers sold with a
                      right of return. It is measured in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(r)(i).

              (k)     Trade and other receivables

                      A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
                      to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
                      consideration is due.

                      Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
                      transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
                      initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised
                      cost using the effective interest method and including an allowance for credit losses (see note 1(i)(i)).

              (l)     Cash and cash equivalents

                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                      financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                      amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
                      months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
                      of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
                      purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note
                      1(i)(i)).

              (m)     Trade and other payables

                      Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                      other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                      case they are stated at invoice amounts.

              (n)     Interest-bearing borrowings

                      Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
                      recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                      Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
                      note 1(t)).




102   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (o)   Employee benefits

          (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                 Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                 and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                 rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                 these amounts are stated at their present values.

                 Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                 service is provided.

          (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligation

                 The group has the following two categories of defined benefit plans:

                 —     defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees working in Korea

                 —     long service payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.

                 The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan
                 by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the
                 current and prior periods and discounting that amount. For defined benefit retirement plan for Korean
                 employees, the net obligation is after deducting the fair value of plan assets. For LSP obligations, the
                 estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising
                 from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with
                 employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant employees.

                 The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                 credit method. For defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees, when the calculation results
                 in a benefit to the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits
                 available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

                 Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the
                 return on plan assets in defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees (excluding interest) and
                 the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest
                 expense for the period is determined by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit
                 obligation at the beginning of the defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net
                 defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined
                 benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       103
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (o)	Employee benefits (Continued)

                      (iii)   Share-based payments

                              Share options

                              The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                              corresponding increase in capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date using
                              the binomial option pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options
                              were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally
                              entitled to the options, the total estimated fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period,
                              taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

                              During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                              resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the
                              profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition
                              as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                              recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that vest (with a
                              corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving
                              vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity amount is
                              recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount
                              recognised in share capital and share premium for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is
                              released directly to retained profits).

                              Share awards

                              The fair value of share awards granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                              corresponding increase in capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date by
                              reference to the market price of the Company’s shares at the grant date, taking into account the terms
                              and conditions upon which the awards were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting
                              conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the awards, the total estimated fair value of the
                              awards is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the awards will vest.

                              During the vesting period, the number of share awards that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                              resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the
                              profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition
                              as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                              recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of awards that vest (with a
                              corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve).

                              The consideration paid by the trustee for purchasing the Company’s shares from the market for the
                              share award scheme, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as shares held
                              for share award scheme and the amount is deducted from total equity. When the trustee transfers the
                              Company’s shares to the grantees on vesting date, the related costs of the awarded shares vested
                              are credited to shares held for share award scheme, with corresponding adjustments made to capital
                              reserve and share premium.


104   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (o)	Employee benefits (Continued)

          (iv)   Termination benefits

                 Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
                 those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

    (p)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
          extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
          and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
          payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
          uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
          reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
          liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
          recognised for:

          —      temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                 business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                 rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          —      temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries and joint venture to the extent that the
                 Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                 they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

          —      taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       105
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (p)	Income tax (Continued)

                      —      those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement
                             the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

                      Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
                      differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
                      can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
                      differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
                      in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
                      based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
                      reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
                      realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

              (q)     Provisions and contingent liabilities

                      Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
                      reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

                      A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
                      historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

                      A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
                      terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
                      based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
                      costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
                      impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(i)(ii)).

                      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                      estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                      economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
                      or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
                      probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




106   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (r)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods.

          The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis. In
          determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains control of
          the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s ability to direct the
          use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)     Sales of goods

                  Revenue is recognised when the goods are delivered to the location designated by the customers.
                  The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of IFRS 15 and does not adjust
                  the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component as the period of financing is 12
                  months or less.

                  For sales that had an original expected duration of one year or less, the Group has not disclosed
                  the information related to the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                  performance obligations in accordance with paragraph 121(a) of IFRS 15.

          (ii)    Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method using the rate that
                  exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the
                  gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

          (iii)   Subsidy income

                  Subsidies are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is
                  reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions
                  attached to them. Subsidies that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as
                  revenue in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
                  Subsidies that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset incurred are deferred and recognised as
                  revenue in profit or loss over the useful life of the assets in which the depreciation of the related assets
                  is incurred.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       107
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (s)     Translation of foreign currencies

                      Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group companies
                      at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
                      at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
                      in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
                      was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
                      currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
                      generally recognised in profit or loss.

                      The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rates
                      at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into United States dollars
                      at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                      Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve, except to the
                      extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.

                      When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence or joint
                      control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified
                      to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.




108   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (t)   Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
          necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
          of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

          The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
          for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to
          prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended
          or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or
          sale are interrupted or complete.

    (u)   Related parties

          (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

          (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (1)   The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                       subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                 (2)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                       member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                 (3)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                 (4)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                 (5)   The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                       an entity related to the Group.

                 (6)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i)(1).

                 (7)   A person identified in (i)(2) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                       management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                 (8)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
          influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.



                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       109
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1	Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (v)     Segment reporting

                      Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
                      identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
                      for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of
                      business and geographical locations.

                      Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                      segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                      services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                      the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
                      which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


       2      Revenue and segment reporting

              (a)     Revenue

                      The principal activities of the Group are manufacturing and sale of camera module and optical components.
                      Revenue represents the sales value of goods supplied to customers and excludes value added tax or other
                      sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

                      The Group’s customer base includes one customer (2023: one customer), with whom transactions have
                      exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues, for the year ended 31 December 2024. Revenues from sales to this
                      customer during the reporting period are set out below.

                                                                                                               2024        2023
                                                                                                               $’000       $’000


                       Largest customer                                                                   2,418,117      863,786
                       Percentage of total revenue                                                             97%          93%


                      Details of concentration of credit risk arising from this customer are set out in note 24(a).




110   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2	Revenue and segment reporting (Continued)

    (b)   Segment reporting

          In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior
          executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has
          only one single reportable segment.

          The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from
          external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and interest in a
          joint venture (“specified non-current assets”). The Group’s revenue from external customers is presented
          based on locations of goods physically delivered. The geographical location of the specified non-current
          assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of property, plant and equipment, the
          location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets, and the location of
          operations, in the case of interest in a joint venture.

                                                        Revenue from external customers           Specified non-current assets

                                                                   2024               2023                  2024                  2023
                                                                  $’000               $’000                $’000                 $’000


           The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
              (including Hong Kong)                            2,192,875           852,619              376,320               179,521
           India                                                237,032             52,510                     —                     —
           The Republic of Korea (“Korea”)                        1,562               4,024                   206                  223
           Vietnam                                               62,789             14,693                     —                     —


                                                               2,494,258           923,846              376,526               179,744


3   Other (loss)/income

                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                         $’000                   $’000


     Bank interest income                                                                               10,032                  11,212
     Government subsidy                                                                                  2,869                   1,217
     Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 (484)                (1,286)
     Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                                                  (49,371)                 (1,224)
     Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                             (626)                    (11)
     Net foreign exchange gain                                                                          10,966                   1,049
     Others                                                                                              3,644                   1,845


                                                                                                       (22,970)                 12,802




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       111
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       4      Profit before taxation

              Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                                                                                $’000                  $’000


                  (a) Finance costs
                      Interest on bank loans                                                                                   16,719                  8,689
                      Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             1,987                    878


                                                                                                                               18,706                  9,567


                  (b) Staff costs# *
                      Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                                                     8,379                  5,512
                      Expenses recognised in respect of defined benefit retirement plans (note 20(a)(v))                            25                     30
                      Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                                               3,444                  1,308
                      Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                     113,231                  59,901


                                                                                                                             125,079                  66,751


              Staff costs also include directors’ remuneration disclosed in note 6.

                                                                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                                                                                $’000                  $’000


                  (c) Other items
                      Amortisation (note 11)                                                                                      699                    709
                      Depreciation# (note 10)
                      — owned property, plant and equipment                                                                    39,950                 25,543
                      — right-of-use assets                                                                                     5,807                  4,489
                      Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                      424                    317
                      Loss allowance for expected credit loss                                                                   1,291                    795
                      Research and development costs other than depreciation and amortisation*                                 70,150                 50,157
                      Cost of inventories# (note 14(b))                                                                    2,203,351                796,080

              #        Cost of inventories includes $111,999,000 (2023: $57,695,000) relating to staff costs and depreciation expenses, which amounts are also
                       included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in note 4(b) for each of these types of expenses.

              *        Research and development costs other than depreciation and amortisation includes $35,376,000 (2023: $21,570,000) relating to staff costs,
                       which amounts are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately in note 4(b).




112   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




5   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

    (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           Current tax — Hong Kong Profits Tax


           Provision for the year                                                                      1,254                       55


           Current tax — Overseas


           Provision for the year                                                                     23,544                     682
           Over-provision in respect of prior years                                                       (42)                    (83)


                                                                                                      23,502                     599


           Deferred tax


           Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                           (7,433)                 3,066


                                                                                                      17,323                   3,720


          Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in
          the Cayman Islands.

          The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
          assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation under
          the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

          For this subsidiary, the first Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and
          the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% in 2024. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this
          subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in 2023.

          Pursuant to the Administrative Measures for Recognition of High-New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) jointly
          issued by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
          Taxation, Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics Co., Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
          was certified as a HNTE. According to the provisions of Article 28 “Corporate Income Tax Law of the
          People’s Republic of China”, the effective Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) rate for 2024 and 2023 was subject
          to a reduced tax rate of 15%. Other PRC subsidiaries were subject to statutory tax rate of 25%.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       113
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       5	Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Continued)

              (a)	Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents: (Continued)

                      Under the tax law in Korea, the statutory corporate tax rate applicable to the subsidiary in Korea is 9% for
                      assessable income below Korean Won (“KRW”) 200 million, 19% for assessable income between KRW200
                      million and KRW20 billion, 21% for assessable income between KRW20 billion and KRW300 billion, and 24%
                      for assessable income above KRW300 billion for the years presented.

              (b)     Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                                 2024      2023
                                                                                                                 $’000     $’000


                       Profit before taxation                                                                  137,703    50,110


                       Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates applicable to profits
                          in the jurisdictions concerned                                                        21,258     7,582
                       Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     3,921       137
                       Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                           (670)     (116)
                       Effect of research and development bonus deduction                                       (7,182)   (4,360)
                       Over-provision in prior years                                                               (42)      (83)
                       Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                             258        871
                       Tax effect of unused tax losses utilised                                                   (452)     (340)
                       Others                                                                                     232         29


                       Actual tax expense                                                                       17,323     3,720




114   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




6   Directors’ emoluments

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
    the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:

                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances     Retirement                       Share-based
                                 Directors’ Discretionary      and benefits       scheme                          payments
                                      fees       bonuses             in kind contributions         Sub-total          (note)      2024 Total
                                     $’000          $’000              $’000         $’000            $’000            $’000           $’000


     Chairman
     Meng Yan                            —               —              150                —             150              41             191

     Executive director
     Wu Ying-Cheng                       —               54             377                —             431              27             458

     Non-executive directors
     Chen Han-Yang                       —               —                50               —              50              18              68
     Yang Li                             —               —                50               —              50              23              73

     Independent non-executive
        directors
     Su Yen-Hsueh                        —               —                20               —              20               —              20
     Tsai Chen Lung                      —               —                20               —              20               —              20
     Liu Xia                             —               —                20               —              20               —              20


                                         —               54             687                —             741             109             850


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances        Retirement                    Share-based
                                  Directors’   Discretionary    and benefits          scheme                       payments
                                        fees       bonuses            in kind    contributions      Sub-total          (note)      2023 Total
                                      $’000           $’000            $’000            $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000


     Chairman
     Meng Yan                            —               —              150                —             150              69             219

     Executive director
     Wu Ying-Cheng                       —               41             359                —             400              45             445

     Non-executive directors
     Chen Han-Yang                       —               —                50               —              50              32              82
     Yang Li                             —               —                50               —              50              38              88

     Independent non-executive
        directors
     Su Yen-Hsueh                        —               —                20               —              20               —              20
     Tsai Chen Lung                      —               —                20               —              20               —              20
     Liu Xia                             —               —                20               —              20               —              20


                                         —               41             669                —             710             184             894




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       115
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       6	Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

              No director received any emoluments from the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
              compensation for loss of office.

              Note: These represent the estimated value of share options granted to the directors under the Company’s share option scheme. The value of these
                    share options is measured according to the Group’s accounting policies for share-based payment transactions as set out in note 1(o)(iii) and,
                    in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years where grants of equity instruments are
                    forfeited prior to vesting.


                      The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of options granted, are disclosed under the paragraph “Share
                      option scheme” in the directors’ report and note 21.



       7      Individuals with highest emoluments

              Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2023: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed
              in note 6. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2023: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                                                                 $’000                   $’000


                Salaries and other emoluments                                                                                       552                    420
                Discretionary bonuses                                                                                               213                    119


                                                                                                                                    765                    539


              The emoluments of the three (2023: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                                                           Number of               Number of
                                                                                                                           individuals              individuals


                HK$1,000,001 (equivalent to $128,001) to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to $192,000)                                         2                      2
                HK$1,500,001 (equivalent to $192,001) to HK$2,000,000 (equivalent to $255,000)                                       —                        1
                HK$3,000,001 (equivalent to $386,001) to HK$3,500,000 (equivalent to $451,000)                                         1                     —




116   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




8   Other comprehensive income

    Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                    2024                                           2023
                                                  Before tax           Tax     Net-of-tax       Before tax                Tax     Net-of-tax
                                                     amount         expense      amount            amount          expense           amount
                                                        $’000         $’000         $’000            $’000            $’000            $’000


     Exchange differences on translation of
          financial statements                        (12,402)             —      (12,402)          (7,112)                —          (7,112)
     Remeasurement of net defined benefit
          obligation                                       (36)            8           (28)             (11)               2                (9)


     Other comprehensive income                       (12,438)             8      (12,430)          (7,123)                2          (7,121)


9   Earnings per share

    (a)     Basic earnings per share

            The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
            of the Company of $119,055,000 (2023: $46,589,000) and the weighted average of 858,270,000 ordinary
            shares (2023: 846,561,000 ordinary shares) in issue during the year, calculated as follows:

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                                                                  ’000                  ’000


              Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                                              855,383              839,185
              Effect of share options exercised (note 23(b)(ii))                                                 3,566                 7,376
              Effect of purchase of shares held for share award scheme (note 23(c)(vi))                           (679)                    —


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                                        858,270              846,561




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       117
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       9	Earnings per share (Continued)

              (b)     Diluted earnings per share

                      The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                      of the Company of $119,055,000 (2023: $46,589,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                      of 888,163,000 shares (2023: 880,629,000 shares), calculated as follows:

                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                              ’000               ’000


                       Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                          858,270            846,561
                       Adjustments for the Company’s share award scheme and share option scheme
                          (note 21)                                                                        29,893             34,068


                       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at 31 December                888,163            880,629




118   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




10 Property, plant and equipment

   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                 Properties                    Equipment,
                                   Leasehold     leased for     Plant and     furniture and          Motor     Construction
                                improvements     owned use      machinery          fixtures        vehicles     in progress             Total
                                       $’000         $’000          $’000            $’000           $’000            $’000            $’000


    Cost:
    At 1 January 2023                 37,481        25,387         75,600            9,230           1,425           14,499          163,622
    Exchange adjustments               (1,529)       (1,004)        (2,317)           (581)             (29)          (1,297)          (6,757)
    Additions                            611           106          6,119              298               —           79,220           86,354
    Disposals                          (2,983)       (4,737)        (8,974)             (40)            (63)              —           (16,797)
    Transfers                            670             —         30,029            2,521               —           (33,220)              —


    At 31 December 2023 and
      1 January 2024                  34,250        19,752        100,457           11,428           1,333           59,202          226,422
    Exchange adjustments                (787)          (539)       (4,679)            (509)             (11)            (546)          (7,071)
    Additions                              —        29,072          2,006              197             235          268,223          299,733
    Disposals                              —         (1,174)       (3,397)             (54)            (241)              —            (4,866)
    Transfers                          6,445             —        304,508            1,522               —         (312,475)               —


    At 31 December 2024               39,908        47,111        398,895           12,584           1,316           14,404          514,218


    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment losses:
    At 1 January 2023                 19,505         5,507          3,817            3,332           1,208                —           33,369
    Exchange adjustments                (467)          (256)         (117)              (46)             (3)              —              (889)
    Charge for the year                7,403         4,397         16,684            1,456              92                —           30,032
    Impairment loss                       (91)          (61)        (1,063)              (9)             —                —            (1,224)
    Written back on disposals          (1,596)       (1,363)        (8,646)             (17)            (63)              —           (11,685)


    At 31 December 2023 and
      1 January 2024                  24,754         8,224         10,675            4,716           1,234                —           49,603
    Exchange adjustments                (739)           (29)         (388)              (53)             (7)              —            (1,216)
    Charge for the year                6,982         5,747         31,095            1,859              74                —           45,757
    Impairment loss                        —             —         49,371               —                —                —           49,371
    Written back on disposals              —           (824)       (2,623)             (53)            (241)              —            (3,741)


    At 31 December 2024               30,997        13,118         88,130            6,469           1,060                —          139,774


    Net book value:
    At 31 December 2023                9,496        11,528         89,782            6,712              99           59,202          176,819


    At 31 December 2024                8,911        33,993        310,765            6,115             256           14,404          374,444




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       119
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       10	Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

              Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

              A customer has provided machinery to the Group for production of goods to that customer. The original acquisition
              costs of machinery borne by the customer amounted to $111,382,000 (2023: $111,382,000) and was not
              recognised as the Group’s property, plant and equipment. There is no rental charge for the machinery and the
              management consider that the arrangement has been taken into account in determining sales prices with the
              customer.

              During the year ended 31 December 2024, management considered that there were indicators of impairment
              for certain property, plant and equipment used for the production due to decrease of forecast orders of certain
              camera modules. Thus, the management performed an impairment assessment on certain property, plant and
              equipment of the Group’s camera module production line in accordance with the accounting policies as set out
              in notes 1(f) and 1(i)(ii). Based on the assessment, the recoverable amount of these property, plant and equipment
              as at 31 December 2024 amounted to $3,108,000, which was determined based on value in use method by
              using estimated future cash flows generated from the production line at a discount rate of 11%. As a result, an
              impairment loss of $49,371,000 was recognised in respect of the respective property, plant and equipment in the
              consolidated statement of profit or loss.

              Right-of-use assets

              The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                             2024         2023
                                                                                                            $’000        $’000


                Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                                 33,993       11,528
                Motor vehicles, carried at depreciated cost                                                     5           99


                                                                                                           33,998       11,627


              The Group has obtained the right to use properties mainly as its factory, warehouses, offices and vehicles through
              tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 18 years.

              The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                             2024         2023
                                                                                                            $’000        $’000


                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
                — Properties leased for own use                                                             5,747        4,397
                — Motor vehicles                                                                               60           92


                                                                                                            5,807        4,489


                Interest on lease liabilities (note 4(a))                                                   1,987          878
                Expense relating to short-term leases                                                         640          814



120   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




10	Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

    Right-of-use assets (Continued)

    During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were $29,072,000 (2023: $106,000). This amount primarily related
    to the capitalised lease payments payable under new and renewed tenancy agreements.

    Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 16(d) and 19,
    respectively.


11 Intangible assets

                                                    Development                                     Club
                                                           costs            Software          membership                       Total
                                                           $’000                $’000              $’000                       $’000


     Cost:
     At 1 January 2023                                         68               5,507                     164                  5,739
     Exchange adjustments                                       (1)                (72)                     (3)                   (76)
     Additions                                                 —                    59                     —                       59
     Disposal                                                  —                   (13)                    —                      (13)


     At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                    67               5,481                     161                  5,709
     Exchange adjustments                                      (8)                (58)                    (19)                   (85)
     Additions                                                 —                  532                      —                     532
     Disposal                                                  —                 (995)                     —                    (995)


     At 31 December 2024                                       59               4,960                     142                  5,161


     Accumulated amortisation:
     At 1 January 2023                                         68               2,605                      —                   2,673
     Exchange adjustments                                       (1)                (30)                    —                      (31)
     Charge for the year                                       —                  709                      —                     709
     Written back on disposal                                  —                     (2)                   —                        (2)


     At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                    67               3,282                      —                   3,349
     Exchange adjustments                                      (8)                (36)                     —                     (44)
     Charge for the year                                       —                  699                      —                     699
     Written back on disposal                                  —                 (369)                     —                    (369)


     At 31 December 2024                                       59               3,576                      —                   3,635


     Net book value:
     At 31 December 2023                                       —                2,199                     161                  2,360


     At 31 December 2024                                       —                1,384                     142                  1,526


    The amortisation charge for the year is included in “cost of sales”, “selling and distribution expenses” and
    “administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       121
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       12 Investments in subsidiaries

              The following list contains the particulars of the subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
              of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                                              Place of                            Proportion of ownership interest
                                                        incorporation/       Particulars of       Group’s
                                                      registration and    issued and paid        effective   Held by the       Held by a
                  Name of company                            operation          up capital        interest    Company         subsidiary     Principal activities


                  Cowell Optic Electronics Limited          Hong Kong           100 shares           100%           100%               —     Trading of camera module and
                                                                                                                                                optical products

                  Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics                PRC       $433,831,900            100%              —           100%      Manufacture of camera module
                    Co., Ltd                                                                                                                   and optical products
                    (東莞高偉光學電子有限公司)(*)(#)

                  Dongguan Shiyuan Photoelectric                   PRC    RMB 35,000,000             100%              —           100%      Manufacture and trading of
                    Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       camera module and optical
                    (立高光學(東莞)有限公司)(*)(#)                                                                                                       products

                  Dongguan Luxsense Innovation                     PRC RMB 100,000,000                51%              —            51%      Manufacture and trading of
                    Electronics Limited (東莞立騰創                                                                                                 optical components
                    新有限公司)(*)(#)

                  Guangzhou OptiSpectra Co., Ltd.                  PRC      RMB 1,200,000             70%              —            70%      Manufacture and trading of optical
                   廣州譜極光電有限責任公司(*)(#)                                                                                                          components and provision of
                                                                                                                                               technical consultancy service

              *         Registered under the laws of the PRC as wholly foreign owned enterprise.

              #         The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names is for identification only.



       13 Interest in a joint venture

              Details of the Group’s interest in the joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in the
              consolidated financial statements, are as follows:


                                                              Place of                            Proportion of ownership interest
                                                        incorporation/       Particulars of       Group’s
                                                      registration and    issued and paid        effective   Held by the       Held by a
                  Name of company                            operation          up capital        interest    Company         subsidiary     Principal activities


                  Suzhou Liwei Optical Technology                  PRC      RMB8,000,000              40%              —            40%      Manufacture and trading of
                    Co., Ltd.(#) (“Liwei”) (蘇州立維光                                                                                              optical products
                     學科技有限公司)

              This joint venture is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available. The registered capital
              of the joint venture is RMB50,000,000.

              #         This entity is PRC limited liability company. The official name of this entity is in Chinese. The English translation of the name is for identification
                        only.



122   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




14 Inventories

    (a)     Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


             Raw materials                                                                        45,002                  33,549
             Work in progress                                                                     30,281                  16,141
             Finished goods                                                                      239,902                  84,205


                                                                                                 315,185                133,895


    (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss
            is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


             Carrying amount of inventories sold                                              2,194,815                 792,563
             Write-down of inventories                                                             8,536                   3,517


                                                                                              2,203,351                 796,080


15 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


     Trade receivables, net of loss allowance:
          — Third parties                                                                        375,477                112,744
          — An intermediate holding company                                                        1,352                     770
          — A fellow subsidiary                                                                       626                    336
          — Non-controlling interests                                                             27,796                  38,963


                                                                                                 405,251                152,813


     Other receivables and prepayments                                                            29,457                 22,270


                                                                                                 434,708                175,083


    All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024       123
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       15	Trade and other receivables (Continued)

              (a)     Ageing analysis

                      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade and
                      other receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance is as follows:

                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000


                       Within 1 month                                                                    404,582            101,162
                       Over 1 to 2 months                                                                     238            51,078
                       Over 2 to 3 months                                                                     237               128
                       Over 3 months                                                                          194               445


                                                                                                         405,251            152,813


                      Trade receivables, including amounts due from an intermediate holding company and a fellow subsidiary are
                      due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s credit policy are set out in
                      note 24(a).

              (b)     Non-current other receivables

                      Non-current other receivables mainly represented deposits for property leases and prepayment for
                      investment.


       16 Cash and cash equivalents

              (a)     Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits:

                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000


                       Cash at bank and on hand                                                          113,349             96,726


                       Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                 113,349             96,726


                       Bank deposits with more than three months to maturity when placed                 161,371            265,435




124   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




16	Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                            Note                    $’000                   $’000


           Profit before taxation                                                                 137,703                  50,110


           Adjustments for:
             Interest income                                                  3                   (10,032)                (11,212)
             Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            3                        484                  1,286
             Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                        3                        626                      11
             Finance costs                                                  4(a)                   18,706                   9,567
             Equity settled share-based payment expenses                    4(b)                    3,444                   1,308
             Amortisation                                                   4(c)                       699                    709
             Depreciation                                                   4(c)                   45,757                 30,032
             Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                 3                    49,371                   1,224
             Loss allowance for expected credit loss                        4(c)                    1,291                     795
             Foreign exchange gain                                                                  (6,245)                (5,711)


           Changes in working capital:
             (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                  (181,290)                  4,444
             (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                  (269,927)                22,372
             Increase in trade and other payables                                                278,852                  13,522
             (Decrease)/increase in defined benefit obligation                                         (19)                     36
             Increase in deferred income                                                            1,155                   1,876


           Cash generated from operations                                                          70,575                120,369




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       125
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       16	Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

              (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
                      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
                      cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing
                      activities.

                                                                                          Bank loans    Lease liabilities
                                                                                           (Note 18)          (Note 19)            Total
                                                                                               $’000              $’000           $’000


                       At 1 January 2023                                                     15,794             23,969           39,763


                       Changes from financing cash flows:


                       Proceeds from bank loans                                           1,133,849                   —       1,133,849
                       Repayment of bank loans                                              (872,740)                 —        (872,740)
                       Interest paid on bank loans                                            (8,689)                 —           (8,689)
                       Capital element of lease rentals paid                                      —              (5,067)          (5,067)
                       Interest element of lease rentals paid                                     —                (878)            (878)


                       Total changes from financing cash flows                              252,420              (5,945)        246,475


                       Exchange adjustments                                                   (2,143)              (739)          (2,882)


                       Other changes:


                       Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases
                          during the year                                                         —                 106             106
                       Decrease in lease liabilities from termination of leases
                          during the year                                                         —              (3,826)          (3,826)
                       Interest expenses                                                       8,689                878           9,567


                       Total other changes                                                     8,689             (2,842)          5,847


                       At 31 December 2023                                                  274,760             14,443          289,203




126   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




16	Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

    (c)	Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                            Bank loans Lease liabilities
                                                                              (Note 18)      (Note 19)                         Total
                                                                                 $’000           $’000                         $’000


           At 1 January 2024                                                     274,760                14,443              289,203


           Changes from financing cash flows:

           Proceeds from bank loans                                            1,201,873                     —            1,201,873
           Repayment of bank loans                                            (1,150,981)                    —           (1,150,981)
           Interest paid on bank loans                                           (15,959)                    —              (15,959)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                                      —                  (4,942)             (4,942)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                                     —                  (1,987)             (1,987)


           Total changes from financing cash flows                                34,933                 (6,929)              28,004


           Exchange adjustments                                                    (2,306)                 (458)              (2,764)


           Other changes:

           Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases
              during the year                                                           —               29,072                29,072
           Decrease in lease liabilities from termination of leases
              during the period                                                       —                   (495)                 (495)
           Interest expenses                                                      16,719                 1,987                18,706


           Total other changes                                                    16,719                30,564                47,283


           At 31 December 2024                                                   324,106                37,620              361,726


    (d)   Total cash outflow for leases

          Amounts included in the consolidated cash flow statement for lease rental paid comprise the following:

                                                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           Within operating cash flows                                                                   640                     814
           Within financing cash flows                                                                 6,929                   5,945


                                                                                                       7,569                   6,759


    (e)   Pledged bank deposits

          The Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits provided to secure certain bank loans in the PRC.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024      127
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       17 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000


                Trade payables
                — Third parties                                                                      308,395            202,394
                — An intermediate holding company                                                       9,812             6,165
                — A related company                                                                  158,849                636


                                                                                                     477,056            209,195


                Accrued charges and other payables                                                    59,497             25,803


                                                                                                     536,553            234,998

              All of the trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one year or are
              repayable on demand. The related company is under the significant influence by the key shareholders of the
              Company.

              As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
              payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000


                Within 1 month                                                                       205,379            125,172
                Over 1 to 3 months                                                                   119,648             82,300
                Over 3 to 6 months                                                                   152,029              1,723


                                                                                                     477,056            209,195


       18 Bank loans

                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000


                Current — Within 1 year or on demand (secured) (note 16(e))                           10,000             70,000
                Current — Within 1 year or on demand (unsecured)                                     196,483            204,760


                                                                                                     206,483            274,760
                Non-current — After 1 year but within 5 years (unsecured)                            117,623                 —


                                                                                                     324,106            274,760

              The bank facilities were guaranteed by the Company and ultimate controlling party.




128   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




19 Lease liabilities

    At 31 December 2024, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                              2024                                        2023
                                                 Present value                              Present value
                                               of the minimum     Total minimum          of the minimum           Total minimum
                                               lease payments     lease payments         lease payments          lease payments
                                                         $’000               $’000                  $’000                   $’000


     Within 1 year                                       4,158               5,895                  4,011                   4,615


     After 1 year but within 2 years                     4,019               5,571                  2,297                   2,753
     After 2 years but within 5 years                    9,170              12,787                  5,786                   6,543
     After 5 years                                      20,273              26,961                  2,349                   2,437


                                                        33,462              45,319                 10,432                 11,733


                                                        37,620              51,214                 14,443                 16,348


     Less: total future interest expenses                                   (13,594)                                       (1,905)


     Present value of lease liabilities                                     37,620                                         14,443


20 Employees retirement schemes

    (a)   Defined benefit retirement plan

          The Group makes contributions to a defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees working in Korea
          which covers 0.1% (2023: 0.1%) of the Group’s employees. The plan is administered by a trustee, who is
          independent, with its assets held separately from those of the Group.

          The plan is funded by contributions from the Group in accordance with an independent actuary’s
          recommendation based on an annual actuarial valuation. The independent actuarial valuation of the plan
          at 31 December 2024 was prepared by certified insurance actuaries of Dlog Actuarial Consulting, who are
          registered with the Financial Services Commission, using the projected unit cost method. The actuarial
          valuation indicates that the Group’s obligations under the defined benefit retirement plan are 100% (2023:
          100%) covered by the plan assets held by the trustees at 31 December 2024.

          The plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk and
          market risk.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       129
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       20	Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

              (a)	Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

                      (i)    The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                           $’000             $’000


                               Present value of wholly or partly funded by obligation                       275                336
                               Fair value of plan assets                                                    (269)             (334)


                               Net defined benefit retirement obligation                                       6                 2


                             A portion of the above asset/liability is expected to be recovered/settled after more than one year.
                             However, it is not practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable/payable in the next
                             twelve months, as future contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes
                             in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. The Group expects to pay $20,000 in contributions to
                             the defined benefit retirement plan in 2024.

                      (ii)   Plan assets

                             As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the Group’s liability under this plan is covered by deposits placed
                             with several banks. There is no plan asset invested in the Company’s own financial instruments or any
                             property occupied or other assets used by the Group.




130   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20	Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

    (a)	Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

         (iii)   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation

                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                          $’000                   $’000


                  At 1 January                                                                               336                    314


                  Remeasurements:
                  — Actuarial losses/(gains) arising from experience                                          19                     (13)
                  — Actuarial losses arising from changes in financial assumptions                            11                      20


                                                                                                              30                       7


                  Benefits paid by the plan                                                                  (92)                    (27)
                  Benefits received by the Group                                                              —                        3
                  Current service cost                                                                        25                      30
                  Interest cost                                                                               13                      15
                  Exchange difference                                                                        (37)                      (6)


                  At 31 December                                                                             275                    336


                 The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 8.2 years (2023: 7.6 years).

         (iv)    Movements in plan assets

                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                          $’000                   $’000


                  At 1 January                                                                               334                    337
                  Group’s contributions paid to the plan                                                      54                      21
                  Benefits paid by the plan                                                                  (92)                    (30)
                  Interest income                                                                             14                      16
                  Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                                             (5)                     (4)
                  Exchange difference                                                                        (36)                      (6)


                  At 31 December                                                                             269                    334




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       131
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       20	Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

              (a)	Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

                      (v)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                             income are as follows:

                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                       $’000            $’000


                               Current service cost                                                       25               30


                               Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                  25               30


                               Actuarial losses                                                           30                7
                               Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                            5                4


                               Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                     35               11


                               Total defined benefits income                                              60               41


                             The current service cost and the net interest on net defined benefit obligation are recognised in
                             administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                      (vi)   Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis
                             are as follows:

                                                                                                       2024              2023


                               Discount rate                                                          4.38%             4.45%
                               Future salary increases                                                4.50%             4.50%


                             The below analysis shows how the defined benefit asset/obligation would have increased/(decreased)
                             as a result of 1% change in the significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                                           Increase in 1%             Decrease in 1%

                                                                            2024            2023       2024              2023
                                                                           $’000            $’000      $’000            $’000


                               Discount rate                                  (20)            (23)        23               26
                               Future salary increases                        (23)            (26)        21               23




132   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20	Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

    (a)	Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

          (vi)	Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis
                are as follows: (Continued)

                The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions
                are not correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial
                assumptions.

    (b)   Defined contribution retirement plan

          The subsidiary in Hong Kong also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under
          the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
          of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement scheme
          administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each
          required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of
          monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately, there is no forfeited
          contributions that may need to be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.

          The subsidiaries in the PRC participates in the defined contribution retirement schemes operated by the local
          authorities for employees in the PRC. Contributions to these schemes are charged to profit or loss when
          incurred. The Group is required to contribute 16.8% (2023: 16.8%) of employees’ remuneration to these
          schemes during the year. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions
          that may need to be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.


21 Equity settled share-based transactions

    On 5 May 2021, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”), whereby the
    directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including directors of
    any company in the Group, to take up options at HK$1 to subscribe for shares of the Company. The options vest
    after 1 to 5 years from the date of grant and are then exercisable within a period of 6 to 10 years. Each option gives
    the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company and is settled gross in shares.

    On 21 March 2024, the Company adopted a share award scheme, to grant a total of 13,620,000 awards to 123
    selected employees (the “Grantees”) pursuant to the rules of the share award scheme. Each of the awarded
    shares granted to the Grantees represents the right to receive a share on the date it vests. The awards shares shall
    be vested in five equal tranches from the first anniversary of the date of grant to the fifth anniversary of the date of
    grant. Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 20 September 2024.

    The weighted average fair value of awarded shares at grant date was $2.77 per share. No share awards were
    vested or forfeited during the year ended 31 December 2024, and all of the 13,620,000 shares of the awards
    remained outstanding as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       133
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       21	Equity settled share-based transactions (Continued)

              (a)     The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                             Number of                                        Contractual life of
                                                                            instruments      Vesting conditions                          options


                       Options granted to directors:
                       — on 25 May 2021                                        2,780,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               2,780,000     2 years from the date of grant               9 years
                                                                               2,780,000     3 years from the date of grant               8 years
                                                                               2,780,000     4 years from the date of grant               7 years
                                                                               2,780,000     5 years from the date of grant               6 years


                       Options granted to employees:
                       — on 25 May 2021                                        6,310,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               6,310,000     2 years from the date of grant               9 years
                                                                               6,310,000     3 years from the date of grant               8 years
                                                                               6,310,000     4 years from the date of grant               7 years
                                                                               6,310,000     5 years from the date of grant               6 years


                       — on 15 October 2021                                    3,440,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               3,440,000     2 years from the date of grant               9 years
                                                                               3,440,000     3 years from the date of grant               8 years
                                                                               3,440,000     4 years from the date of grant               7 years
                                                                               3,440,000     5 years from the date of grant               6 years


                       Total share options granted                            62,650,000


              (b)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:

                                                                                      2024                                    2023
                                                                             Weighted                               Weighted
                                                                               average         Number of average exercise             Number of
                                                                         exercise price           options                price           options
                                                                                                      ’000                                  ’000


                       Outstanding at the beginning of the year               HK$4.35              36,234            HK$4.34              50,954
                       Exercised during the year                              HK$4.37               (9,242)          HK$4.31             (13,861)
                       Lapsed/cancelled during the year                       HK$4.50                 (468)          HK$4.56                (859)


                       Outstanding at the end of the period                   HK$4.34              26,524            HK$4.35              36,234


                       Exercisable at the end of the period                   HK$4.30                4,464           HK$4.37               3,144




134   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




21	Equity settled share-based transactions (Continued)

    (b)	The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows: (Continued)

          The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for shares options exercised during the year was
          $3.03 (equivalents to HK$23.69) (2023: $2.26 (equivalents to HK$17.72)).

          The options outstanding at 31 December 2024 had a weighted average exercise price of $0.56 (equivalents
          to HK$4.34) (2023: $0.56 (equivalents to HK$4.35)) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 6.5
          years (2023: 7.5 years).

    (c)   Fair value of share options and assumptions

          The fair value of services received in return for share options granted is measured by reference to the fair
          value of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options granted is measured based
          on a binomial option pricing model. The contractual life of the share option is used as an input into this model.
          Expectations of early exercise are incorporated into the binomial option pricing model. There was no share
          options granted during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024.

          Fair value of share options granted in 2021 related assumptions

                                                                                                                                     2021


           Fair value at measurement date                                                                                 HK$0.56–0.70
           Share price                                                                                                    HK$4.10–4.84
           Exercise price                                                                                                 HK$4.14–4.84
           Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility used in the modelling
             under binomial option pricing model)                                                                                67.41%
           Option life (expressed as weighted average life used in the modelling under binomial option
             pricing model)                                                                                                  6–10 years
           Expected dividends                                                                                                    27.95%
           Risk-free interest rate (based on yields of Hong Kong government bonds and treasury bills)                              1.08%


          The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the weighted average
          remaining life of the share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
          available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input
          assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024       135
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       22 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position

              (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000


                       Hong Kong Profits Tax provision/(recoverable)                                                                  1,198                (2,410)
                       Provision for tax outside Hong Kong                                                                           16,385                2,051


                                                                                                                                     17,583                 (359)


                       Representing:
                       Current tax recoverable                                                                                              —              (2,410)
                       Current tax payable                                                                                           17,583                2,051


                                                                                                                                     17,583                 (359)


              (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

                      Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                      The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                      position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                             Differences
                                                                                between
                                                                            depreciation         Defined
                                                                          and the related         benefit
                                                                            depreciation      retirement                    Unrealised
                                                                             allowances      plan liability   Provisions        profits          Others      Total
                                                                                    $’000            $’000         $’000         $’000            $’000      $’000


                       At 1 January 2023                                           (7,270)              —         (2,123)           80              89      (9,224)
                       Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 5(a))             1,798                2         1,402          (148)             12       3,066
                       Credited to reserves (note 8)                                   —                (2)           —             —               —            (2)
                       Exchange adjustments                                           169               —             27            —                (3)       193


                       At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                      (5,303)              —           (694)          (68)             98      (5,967)
                       Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 5(a))            (6,934)               8        (1,355)          660             188      (7,433)
                       Credited to reserves (note 8)                                   —                (8)           —             —               —           (8)
                       Exchange adjustments                                            87               —             14            —              (34)         67


                       At 31 December 2024                                       (12,150)               —         (2,035)          592             252     (13,341)




136   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




22	Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

    (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognised

          In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(p), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
          assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of $5,645,000 (2023: $6,517,000) as it is not probable that the
          future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised would be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
          and entity. The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses, whose expiry dates
          are:

                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           In 2027                                                                                     1,223                   3,032
           In 2028                                                                                     3,485                   3,485
           In 2029                                                                                        937                      —


                                                                                                       5,645                   6,517


    (d)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

          Under the CIT and its implementation rules, a withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by a tax treaty or
          arrangement, is applied on dividends received by non-PRC-resident corporate investors from PRC-resident
          enterprises, such as the Company’s PRC subsidiary. Undistributed earnings prior to 1 January 2008
          are exempt from such withholding tax. Under the China-Hong Kong Tax Arrangement and the relevant
          regulations, a qualified Hong Kong tax resident which is the “beneficial owner” and holds 25% equity interests
          or more of a PRC enterprise is entitled to a reduced withholding tax rate of 5%.

          As at 31 December 2024, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of the Group’s PRC
          subsidiaries amounted to $321,658,000 (2023: $219,549,000). Deferred tax liabilities have not been
          recognised in respect of these undistributed profits as the Company controls the dividend policy of the
          subsidiary and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will not be distributed in the
          foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       137
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       23 Capital, reserves and dividends

              (a)     Movements in components of equity

                      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
                      equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
                      individual component of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                      The Company


                                                                                                 Shares held
                                                                                                   for share                  Capital
                                                                             Share       Share        award     Capital    redemption    Other Accumulated
                                                                             capital   premium      scheme      reserve       reserve   reserve     losses      Total
                                                                  Note        $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000         $’000     $’000      $’000      $’000


                       At 1 January 2023                                      3,357     62,433            —       4,234            7       707       (1,195)   69,543


                       Changes in equity for 2023:
                       Loss and total comprehensive income
                         for the year                                            —          —             —          —             —         —       (1,573)   (1,573)
                       Shares issued under share option scheme   23(b)(ii)       55      8,497            —      (1,440)           —         —           —      7,112
                       Equity settled share-based transactions                   —          —             —       1,132            —         —           —      1,132
                       Share options lapsed/cancelled                            —          —             —         (28)           —         —          28         —


                       At 31 December 2023 and
                         1 January 2024                            27         3,412     70,930            —       3,898            7       707       (2,740)   76,214


                       Changes in equity for 2024:
                       Loss and total comprehensive income
                         for the year                                            —          —             —          —             —         —       (1,447)   (1,447)
                       Shares issued under share option scheme   23(b)(ii)       37      5,857            —        (717)           —         —           —      5,177
                       Shares purchased for share award scheme   23(c)(vi)       —          —         (7,801)        —             —         —           —     (7,801)
                       Equity settled share-based transactions                   —          —             —       3,212            —         —           —      3,212
                       Share options lapsed/cancelled                            —          —             —         (41)           —         —          41         —


                       At 31 December 2024                         27         3,449     76,787        (7,801)     6,352            7       707       (4,146)   75,355




138   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23	Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

    (b)   Share capital

          (i)    Authorised and issued share capital

                                                                       2024                                       2023
                                                              Number of                                Number of
                                                                 shares             Amount                 shares              Amount
                                                                    ’000                $’000                 ’000               $’000


                  Authorised:


                  Ordinary shares of $0.004 each              10,000,000              40,000          10,000,000               40,000


                  Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:


                  At 1 January                                  853,046                 3,412            839,185                 3,357
                  Shares issued under share option scheme         9,242                    37              13,861                    55


                  At 31 December                                862,288                 3,449            853,046                 3,412


                 The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
                 entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard
                 to the Company’s residual assets.

          (ii)   Shares issued under share option scheme

                 During the year ended 31 December 2024, options were exercised to subscribe for 9,242,000 (2023:
                 13,861,000) ordinary shares in the Company at a consideration of $5,177,000 (2023: $7,112,000).
                 $717,000 (2023: $1,440,000) was transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital and share
                 premium account in accordance with policy set out in note 1(o)(iii).

    (c)   Nature and purpose of reserves

          (i)    Share premium and capital redemption reserve

                 The application of the share premium and the capital redemption reserve of the Group and the
                 Company is governed by the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

          (ii)   Capital reserve

                 The capital reserve comprises the following:

                 —    the portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to directors and
                      employees of the Company that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting policy
                      adopted for share-based payments in note 1(o)(iii); and

                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      139
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       23	Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

              (c)	Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

                      (ii)	Capital reserve (Continued)

                              —      the contribution from one of the substantial shareholders of $2,040,000 to compensate part of
                                     the listing expenses incurred in 2015.

                      (iii)   Other reserve

                              The Company’s other reserve represents the fair value of the estimated number of unexercised share
                              options granted to directors and employees of the Group in 2010. The share options were cancelled
                              without any exercise in 2012.

                              The Group’s other reserve comprises the Company’s other reserve and the difference between the
                              consideration paid by the Company to acquire non-controlling interests in Cowell Electronics Co., Ltd.
                              and its carrying amount on the date of acquisition in 2012.

                              The Group’s other reserve also comprises:

                              —      the difference between the capital contributions from non-controlling interest for Dongguan
                                     Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited and the carrying amount of its share in Dongguan
                                     Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited’s net assets on the date of acquisition in 2023; and

                              — 	 the difference between the consideration paid for acquisition of additional interest in Dongguan
                                   Shiyuan Photoelectric Technology Co. and the carrying amount of the non-controlling interest in
                                   Dongguan Shiyuan Photoelectric Technology Co., Ltd. on the date of acquisition in 2024.

                      (iv)    General reserve fund

                              According to the PRC laws applicable to wholly-owned foreign investment enterprises, the PRC
                              subsidiaries of the Group are required to set up a general reserve fund and appropriate at least 10% of
                              their annual net profits after taxation, as determined under PRC accounting regulations, to the general
                              reserve fund until the balance of the fund equals to 50% of the respective enterprise’s authorised
                              capital. This fund can be used to make good losses and to convert into paid-up capital.

                      (v)     Exchange reserve

                              The exchange reserve of the Group comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
                              translation of the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than United States
                              dollars. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 1(s).




140   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23	Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

    (c)	Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

          (vi)   Shares held for share award scheme

                 It represents the consideration paid for the purchase held for share award scheme. During the
                 year ended 31 December 2024, the trustee purchased and withheld 2,724,000 ordinary shares
                 of the Company for a total amount of approximately HK$60,800,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 $7,801,000).

    (d)   Capital management

          The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
          by pricing products commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable
          cost.

          The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
          the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
          and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
          changes in economic conditions.

          The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a net debt-to-capital ratio. For this purpose the
          Group defines net debt plus unaccrued proposed dividend as total debt less cash and cash equivalents and
          bank deposits. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.

          The Group did not have net debt as at 31 December 2024 and 2023. Neither the Company nor any of its
          subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


24 Financial risk management and fair values

    Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

    The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group
    to manage these risks are described below.

    (a)   Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
          loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables. The Group’s exposure
          to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is limited because the counterparties
          are banks for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       141
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

              (a)	Credit risk (Continued)

                      Trade and other receivables

                      The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
                      rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations
                      of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of
                      the reporting period, 92.5% (2023: 73.1%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest
                      customer and 99.9% (2023: 99.6%) of trade receivables were due from the Group’s five largest customers.

                      In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers. These
                      evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay,
                      and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment
                      in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing.
                      Debtors with balances that are more than three months past due are requested to settle all outstanding
                      balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
                      In respect of deposits with banks, the Group only places deposits with major financial institutions which the
                      Group’s management believes are of high credit rating.

                      To measure the ECLs, the Group distinguishes the trade and other receivables by different customers or
                      counterparties and estimates the corresponding credit loss rates. The credit loss rates are estimated based
                      on historical observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and study of other corporates’
                      default and recovery data, and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                      cost or effort. Such forward-looking information is used by management of the Group to assess the current
                      condition and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

                      As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for
                      different business lines, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between
                      the Group’s different business lines. There is insignificant loss allowance recognised under the ECL model in
                      2023 and 2024 (note 4(c)).




142   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

    (b)   Liquidity risk

          Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the
          short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject
          to the approval by the parent company’s board in respect of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly
          monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, if any, to
          ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major
          financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

          The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
          Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
          interest payments computed using contractual rates, or if floating, based on rates current at the end of the
          reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

                                                                          2024                                                                                2023
                                                   Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                                              Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                   More than     More than                                                          More than       More than
                                         Within    1 year but   2 years but                                Carrying       Within    1 year but     2 years but                                  Carrying
                                       1 year or    less than     less than      More than               amount at      1 year or    less than        less than      More than                amount at
                                      on demand      2 years        5 years        5 years       Total 31 December    on demand       2 years          5 years          5 years     Total   31 December
                                          $’000        $’000          $’000          $’000       $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000            $’000            $’000     $’000         $’000



           Lease liabilities              5,895        5,571        12,787          26,961      51,214      37,620         4,615        2,753            6,543            2,437    16,348        14,443
           Bank loans                   211,763       32,185        96,045                 —   339,993     324,106      281,750            —                —                 —   281,750       274,760
           Trade and other payables     536,553           —              —                 —   536,553     536,553      234,635            —                —                 —   234,635       234,635



                                        754,211       37,756       108,832          26,961     927,760     898,279      521,000         2,753            6,543            2,437   532,733       523,838



    (c)   Currency risk

          The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables,
          payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the
          functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk
          are primarily United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars.




                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024           143
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

              (c)	Currency risk (Continued)

                      (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                             The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                             arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
                             of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                             United States dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date. Differences resulting from the
                             translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                                         Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in United States dollars)

                                                                                     2024                                  2023
                                                                         United States       Hong Kong         United States       Hong Kong
                                                                               Dollars           Dollars             Dollars            Dollars
                                                                                  ’000             $’000               ’000              $’000


                               Trade and other receivables                    240,512                 42            102,325                 43
                               Cash and cash equivalents                       19,266              3,594              6,232              1,189
                               Trade and other payables                            (64)               —                (864)                   —
                               Bank loans                                      (30,000)               —             (88,000)                   —


                               Net exposure arising from
                                  recognised assets and liabilities           229,714              3,636             19,693              1,232


                      (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                             The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                             profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to
                             which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date,
                             assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate
                             between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any
                             changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies.




144   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

    (c)	Currency risk (Continued)

          (ii)	Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                                                                2024                                         2023
                                                       Increase/                                    Increase/
                                                      (decrease)     Effect on profit           (decrease) in        Effect on profit
                                                       in foreign      after tax and      foreign exchange             after tax and
                                                 exchange rates     retained profits                    rates        retained profits
                                                                                $’000                                          $’000


                 United States Dollars                        5%                9,722                     5%                     801
                                                             (5%)              (9,722)                    (5%)                   (801)
                 Hong Kong Dollars                            5%                  154                     5%                       61
                                                             (5%)                (154)                    (5%)                    (61)


                Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous
                effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured in the respective functional
                currencies, translated into Unites States dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting
                period for presentation purposes.

                The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to
                remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency
                risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the
                Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the
                borrower. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial
                statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on
                the same basis for 2023.

    (d)   Interest rate risk

          Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
          because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from lease liabilities
          and bank loans. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
          rate risk and fair value interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set
          out below.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       145
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

              (d)	Interest rate risk (Continued)

                      The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the reporting
                      period:

                                                                                     2024                         2023
                                                                            Effective                     Effective
                                                                         interest rate                 interest rate
                                                                                   %          $’000              %              $’000


                       Fixed rate borrowings:


                       Lease liabilities                                         4.88        37,620            4.88           14,443
                       Bank loans                                                3.87       324,106            4.55          274,760


                                                                                            361,726                          289,203


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
                      with all other variables held constant, would not material decrease or increase the Group’s profit after taxation
                      and retained profits. Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected in response to a general
                      increase/decrease in interest rates.

                      The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation (and
                      retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that change in
                      interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those
                      financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of
                      the reporting period. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2023.

              (e)     Fair values

                      The directors consider that the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised
                      cost are not materially different from their fair values at the end of the reporting period.




146   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




25 Commitments

    Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2024 not provided for in the consolidated financial statements
    were as follows:

                                                                                                                2024                    2023
                                                                                                               $’000                   $’000


     Contracted for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                           9,433                  26,081



26 Material related party transactions

    Transactions with related parties are carried out based on terms agreed with the counterparties in ordinary course
    of business.

    Apart from disclosures made in other parts of the consolidated financial statements, the Group entered into the
    following material related party transactions during the year.

    (a)   Key management personnel remuneration

          All members of key management personnel are the directors of the Company, and their remuneration is
          disclosed in note 6.

    (b)   Transaction with related parties

                                                                                                                2024                    2023
                                                                                                               $’000                   $’000


           Sales of finished goods
           — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (i))                                   2,950                   1,852
           — non-controlling interest (note (ii))                                                             71,329                  52,566
           Purchase of raw materials
           — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (iii))                                19,678                   9,817
           — related companies (note (iv))                                                                   217,442                   6,632
           Purchase of equipment from related companies (note (v))                                            17,688                   1,529
           Purchase of labour service
           — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (vi))                                     130                      —
           — related companies (note (vii))                                                                       548                      —
           Supply of labour service
           — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (viii))                                1,952                       —
           — related companies (note (ix))                                                                     1,113                       —




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       147
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       26	Material related party transactions (Continued)

              (b)	Transaction with related parties (Continued)

                      Notes:

                      (i)      The Company entered into a supply framework agreement with Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“GZ
                               Luxvisions”), an intermediate holding company, and its subsidiaries (“GZ Luxvisions Group”), pursuant to which the Group shall
                               supply products to the GZ Luxvisions Group.

                      (ii)     The Company entered into a supply framework agreement with Suteng Innovation Technology Company Limited (“Suteng”), a
                               non-controlling interest, pursuant to which the Group shall supply products to the Suteng.

                      (iii)    The Company entered into a materials procurement framework agreement with GZ Luxvisions, pursuant to which the Group shall
                               purchase raw materials from the GZ Luxvisions Group.

                      (iv)     The Company entered into a purchase framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited (“Luxshare Precision”)
                               and its subsidiaries (“Luxshare Precision Group”), pursuant to which the Group shall purchase raw materials from the Luxshare
                               Precision Group. Luxshare Precision is under significant influence by the controlling shareholders of the Company.

                      (v)      The Company entered into a machinery purchase framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the
                               Group shall purchase machinery from the Luxshare Precision Group.

                      (vi)     The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with GZ Luxvisions, pursuant to which the Group shall purchase
                               labour service to the GZ Luxvisions Group.

                      (vii)    The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the Group
                               shall purchase labour service to the Luxshare Precision Group.

                      (viii)   The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with GZ Luxvisions, pursuant to which the Group shall supply
                               labour service from the GZ Luxvisions Group.

                      (ix)     The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the Group
                               shall supply labour service from the Luxshare Precision Group.


              (c)     Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                      The above-mentioned related party transactions in respect of sales and purchase constitute connected
                      transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
                      disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the section “Connected transactions
                      and continuing connected transactions” in the Directors’ Report.




148   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27 Company-level statement of financial position

                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


     Non-current assets


     Interests in subsidiaries                                                                    72,795                  65,993


     Current assets


     Other receivables                                                                                   1                   610
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     2,760                   9,830


                                                                                                   2,761                  10,440


     Current liabilities


     Other payables                                                                                   201                    219


     Net current assets                                                                            2,560                  10,221


     NET ASSETS                                                                                   75,355                  76,214


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES


     Share capital                                                                                 3,449                   3,412
     Reserves                                                                                     71,906                 72,802


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                 75,355                  76,214


28 Accounting judgements and estimates

    Key area of estimation uncertainty is set out as follows:

    Write down of inventories

    The Group performs regular reviews of the carrying amounts of inventories with reference to aged inventories
    analysis, projections of expected future saleability of goods and, management experience and judgement. Based
    on this review, a write down of inventories will be made when the estimated net realisable value of inventories
    decline below their carrying amounts. Due to changes in technological environment, actual saleability of goods may
    be different from estimation and the statement of profit or loss in future accounting periods could be affected by
    differences in this estimation.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024       149
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       28	Accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)

              Assessment of impairment of non-current assets

              The Group performs impairment reviews of non-financial assets (other than interest in a joint venture, prepayment
              and other receivables and deferred tax assets) to whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
              carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management assesses the recoverable amount of each such asset or
              CGU based on its value in use or on its fair value less costs of disposal, whichever is higher, depending upon the
              anticipated future plans for the asset or CGU. These calculations require the use of judgements and estimates.


       29 Immediate and ultimate controlling party

              At 31 December 2024, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling party of the Group to
              be Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited and Mr. Wang Laixi respectively. Luxvisions Innovation Technology
              Limited is incorporated in Hong Kong and does not provide financial statements available for public use.


       30 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but not
          yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024

              Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended standards,
              which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which have not been adopted in these
              financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                                 accounting periods
                                                                                                               beginning on or after


                Amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of                      1 January 2025
                    exchangeability


                Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures —          1 January 2026
                    Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments


                Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11                                          1 January 2026


                IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                          1 January 2027


                IFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                                      1 January 2027


              The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
              in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
              impact on the consolidated financial statements.




150   Cowell e Holding Inc.
                                                                     Five-Year Financial Summary


                                                             2020           2021          2022          2023          2024
                                                       (in US$000)    (in US$000)   (in US$000)   (in US$000)   (in US$000)


Revenue                                                   750,203        799,291     1,116,210       923,846     2,494,258
Gross profit                                              118,451        120,498       174,447       127,766       290,907
Gross profit margin                                        15.8%          15.1%         15.6%         13.8%         11.7%
Operating profit                                           53,377         58,609       105,953        59,677       156,409
Operating margin                                             7.1%           7.3%          9.5%          6.5%          6.3%
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company       42,420         49,805        83,816        46,589       119,055
Bank balance and cash                                      84,603        188,243        44,508        96,726       113,349
Borrowings                                                     —          72,865        15,794       274,760       324,106
Total assets                                              381,641        552,102       631,154       943,296     1,442,554
Total liabilities                                         131,529        243,433       270,557       528,130       918,899
Total equity                                              250,112        308,669       360,597       415,166       523,655




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   151
       Definitions

       “Articles of Association”             third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the
                                             Company adopted by special resolution passed on 26 May, 2022

       “associate(s)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

       “Board”                               the board of Directors

       “Company”                             Cowell e Holdings Inc., an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman
                                             Islands with limited liability on 28 November, 2006

       “connected person(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

       “Cowell China” or “Dongguan Cowell”   Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics Co., Ltd. (東莞高偉光學電子有限公司),
                                             a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in the PRC on 5 February,
                                             2002, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cowell Hong Kong

       “Cowell Hong Kong”                    Cowell Optic Electronics Limited (高偉光學電子有限公司), a limited liability
                                             company incorporated in Hong Kong on 6 March, 2002, which is a wholly
                                             owned subsidiary of the Company

       “Cowell Korea”                        Cowell Electronics Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Cowell World Optic Co., Ltd.
                                             and World Optic Co., Ltd.), a stock corporation incorporated under the laws
                                             of Korea on 29 January, 1997, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                             Company

       “Director(s)”                         the director(s) of the Company

       “Group”                               the Company and its subsidiaries

       “HK$”                                 Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

       “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
         ”Stock Exchange”

       “Listing Date”                        31 March, 2015, on which the Shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                             Exchange and from which dealings in the Shares are permitted to commence
                                             on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

       “Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                             Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

       “Model Code”                          Model code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                             out in Appendix C3 (formerly known as Appendix 10) to the Listing Rules

       “PRC”                                 People’s Republic of China

       “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                             Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time

       “Shareholder(s)”                      holder(s) of Shares

       “Shares”                              ordinary share(s) of US$0.004 each in the share capital of the Company

       “US$”                                 U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America

152   Cowell e Holding Inc.
