2025      Annual Report 2025 年度 報告     2025
年 度 報 告                              ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
Corporate Information                             2
Chairman’s Statement                              4
Management Discussion and Analysis                6
Directors and Senior Management                  20
Directors’ Report                                23
Corporate Governance Report                      52
Independent Auditor’s Report                     82
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         87
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                      88
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      89
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       91
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                  93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    94
Five-Year Financial Summary                      153
Definitions                                      154
     Corporate Information

     COMPANY NAME                              AUDIT COMMITTEE

     Cowell e Holdings Inc.                    Ms. Liu Xia (Chairman)
                                               Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
     PLACE OF LISTING OF SHARES                Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung


     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited   REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     STOCK CODE                                Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh (Chairman)
                                               Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
     1415                                      Ms. Liu Xia


     STOCK NAME                                NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     Cowell                                    Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung (Chairman)
                                               Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
                                               Ms. Liu Xia
     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors                       REGISTERED OFFICE

     Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)                   PO Box 309
     Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng                         Ugland House
                                               Grand Cayman
     Non-Executive Directors                   KY1-1104
                                               Cayman Islands
     Mr. Chen Han-Yang
     Mr. Yang Li                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                  OF BUSINESS IN THE CHINESE
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                  MAINLAND
     Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
                                               No. 1 Songbai Road
     Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
                                               Huanan Industrial Zone
     Ms. Liu Xia
                                               Liaobu Town
                                               Dongguan City
     COMPANY SECRETARY                         Guangdong Province
                                               People’s Republic of China
     Ms. Lam Wing Yan


     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

     Mr. Chen Han-Yang
     Ms. Lam Wing Yan




2   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                     Corporate Information



PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                            HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    HONG KONG
                                                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Suite 1620                                                Shops 1712–1716
16/F, Ocean Centre                                        17/F, Hopewell Centre
5 Canton Road                                             183 Queen’s Road East
Tsimshatsui                                               Wan Chai
Kowloon                                                   Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
AUDITOR
                                                          Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
   with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
   Ordinance                                              COMPANY WEBSITE
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road                                            www.cowelleholdings.com
Central, Hong Kong


LEGAL ADVISOR

Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
17/F, One Island East
Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
   REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT

Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman
KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   3
     Chairman’s Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     I am pleased to present our key milestones and achievements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 on behalf
     of Cowell e Holdings Inc.

     Looking back at 2025, the global economic landscape was still undergoing structural reshaping. After initial monetary
     tightening, the Federal Reserve Board has initiated a cycle of interest rate cuts. Europe and several developed
     economies subsequently lowered their rates as well, leading to a marginal improvement in global liquidity. Geopolitical
     risks remained high, with regional conflicts, energy security, tariff policy escalations and technological sector controls
     becoming significant variables. Amid the various macro factors, the international capital market saw heightened volatility,
     propelling the global trade system and supply chain landscape into a phase of profound restructuring. Meanwhile, the
     AI boom in 2025 made the technology sector a growth driver with higher certainty. In this year, multiple leading global
     tech enterprises launched new generations of large models and AI chips, accelerating the development of computing
     infrastructure. AI is transitioning from a competition in model capabilities to a phase focusing on scenario application and
     commercialization. Amidst coexisting risks and opportunities, the global business environment becomes increasingly
     complex, placing higher demands on enterprises in strategic planning, technological innovation and lean management.

     Under an uncertain external environment, the Group maintained its growth momentum in 2025, achieving simultaneous
     growth in business scale and profitability. During the reporting period, the Group demonstrated exceptional operational
     resilience and growth momentum. Driven by both economies of scale and management optimization, the quality of
     earnings and cash flow performance continued to improve, building increasingly robust operational barriers and financial
     advantages for the Group. These achievements stem from long-term strategic partnerships with core clients, continuous
     optimization of product mix, enhanced manufacturing efficiency and the collective efforts of all employees, enabling the
     Group to maintain steady progress amid complex market environment.

     As we enter a new phase of extensive AI integration and hardware innovation, the Group will continue to increase its
     investment in technological innovation and smart manufacturing. By attracting top talent and patent strategy, we will
     significantly enhance our system integration capabilities and elevate our technological barriers. We are actively driving
     the expansion of AI technology from “product empowerment” to “system empowerment”. By incorporating AI genes
     into the whole process of organizational governance, research and development middle office and smart manufacturing,
     AI genes begin to permeate every single aspect of the operation of the Group, allowing us to convert the industrial big
     data we accumulated over time into real-time decision making and productivity. Such extensive integration of “data
     empowerment, AI collaboration and manufacturing implementation” has not only reshaped the Group’s underlying
     operational logic, but also significantly enhanced our operational leverage and decision-making efficiency. Leveraging
     our differentiated strategy and continuously expanding technological barriers, we will flexibly navigate market challenges,
     deepen core technology accumulation, increase R&D investment and continuously enhance market recognition and
     customer loyalty, ensuring the Company’s stable, long-term success in the new path of high-quality development.




4   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                             Chairman’s Statement


We remain highly optimistic in the long-term development prospects of the global precision optics industry. As the
intelligent and digital transformation continues to deepen, optical technology is evolving from traditional terminal support
capabilities into a core sensory infrastructure across multiple sectors, becoming a vital sensory interface connecting
devices to the real world. Meanwhile, terminal forms and application scenarios have been expanding, with the strategic
importance of high performance optical modules within the smart ecosystem becoming increasingly prominent. As such,
the Company will continue to strategically position itself around its core optical sensory capabilities.

Facing industry fragmentation and cost pressures, we maintained strategic resolve and achieved counter-cyclical growth
by leveraging the resilience of our core clients. Against rising memory chip prices driven by surging AI computing power
demand, the market widely believes this will impact various consumer electronics manufacturers. However, the leading
global brands extensively served by the Group demonstrate stronger resilience against such risks. With such long-term,
stable strategic cooperation, the Company can effectively withstand external impact, further optimize its order structure
and steadily increase its market shares.

Looking ahead to 2026, while consolidating its foundation of core consumer electronics business, Cowell will focus on
expanding its capabilities in sensory technologies. Based on clients’ product cycles and the Company’s technological
maturity, we will steadily launch relevant products in emerging markets, solidifying our long-term competitiveness amid
cyclical fluctuations.

Sustainable development is the core driver of the Company’s long-term stable operations and an important mission
in fulfilling our corporate responsibilities. The Group has consistently integrated ESG governance into its strategic
planning and operational processes, actively aligning us with the national “dual carbon” goals. By leveraging systematic
carbon management as a key driver, we comprehensively pursue energy conservation, carbon reduction and green
manufacturing across scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions, building an environmentally friendly manufacturing
system. The Group was successfully certified as a “National Green Factory” and a “Guangdong Provincial Green Supply
Chain” in 2025, demonstrating its commitment to protect the ecosystem and create long-term value through concrete
actions.

Talent is the most valuable asset of a company. As a manufacturing enterprise, we consistently prioritize people-oriented
values, enhancing our social responsibility and employee care systems. We elevate safeguards across all aspects ranging
from work environments and occupational safety to daily necessities like food, clothing, housing, and transportation,
striving to create a secure, healthy, warm and inclusive development platform for all employees. This ensures our
corporate growth resonates with individual advancement, jointly building a sustainable future.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our employees for their
professionalism and dedication, to the management team for their commitment and hard work, to our clients and
partners for their trust and support, and to our shareholders for their steadfast choice. Both opportunities and challenges
coexist on our journey forward. We will continue to walk side by side with you, empowering industries with technology
and driving growth with expertise as we write a new chapter of high-quality development together!




Mr. Meng Yan
Chairman




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   5
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     MARKET REVIEW

     In 2025, the global economy still suffered from persisting geopolitical conflicts, high debt levels and declining inflation.
     Despite major central banks initiating rate-cutting cycles to improve financial conditions, the external shocks stemming
     from U.S. tariff hikes continue to drive market volatility, resulting in a persistent tug-of-war between “benefits from easing
     policy” and “pressures from trade barriers”. According to the World Economic Outlook published by the International
     Monetary Fund (“IMF”), the global economy grew by approximately 3.2% in 2025, representing a slight slowdown
     as compared to the previous year while maintaining relative resilience. Based on the data from the International Data
     Corporation (“IDC”), the global sales volume of smartphones amounted to approximately 1.26 billion units in the
     same year, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.9%, maintaining a trend of moderate recovery.
     Counterpoint Research also pointed out that sales of the global high-end smartphone market saw a year-on-year
     increase of 8% in the first half of 2025, which is an all-time high. AI computing power continued to shift towards terminal
     devices, driving performance upgrades for central processing units (CPUs) and graphics processing units (GPUs),
     expansion of storage capacity and the widespread adoption of new interaction methods. AI PCs, AI phones and other
     types of edge devices have become the new engine for growth in the consumer electronics industry.

     For the industries in which the Company operates, in 2025, the overall global camera module market maintained stable
     growth. Driven by factors such as upgraded smartphone imaging specifications, increased adoption of AI by devices
     and the widespread use of multi-camera configurations by lower-tiered models, both the global and Chinese markets
     are experiencing structural growth opportunities. As mainstream brands continue to focus on the extensive integration
     of computational photography and AI algorithms, the competitive focus in the market has shifted from single hardware
     supply to comprehensive competition centered on “optical hardware + AI system integration”. Against this backdrop,
     leading suppliers capable of collaborative development of high-end products and equipped with an exceptional smart
     manufacturing system will gain a strategic advantage in matching clients’ continuously evolving models and capturing
     market share.

     Apart from traditional consumer electronic terminals, expansion of optical and sensory technologies into robotics, AR/
     VR headsets, AI smart glasses and other emerging fields has been accelerating. According to the World Robotics
     Report 2025 published by the International Federation of Robotics (“IFR”), there were approximately 542,000 new
     robot installations in 2024, with the Asian market accounting for over 70%, showing that investment in manufacturing
     automation remained at a relatively high level. As robots evolve from performing traditional functions to intelligent
     perception, visual systems are gradually becoming a core capability. MarketsandMarkets estimated that the global
     machine vision market will reach approximately US$3.29 billion by 2025, and is projected to reach US$4.99 billion by
     2030, representing a compound growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 8.7%.

     For AR/VR headsets and AI smart glasses, global major manufacturers have successively unveiled their smart glasses
     products featuring AI and augmented reality capabilities at key tech events such as the International Consumer
     Electronics Show (“CES”) and Meta Connect, marking the industry’s transition from proof-of-concept to large-scale
     application. Based on the data from the International Data Corporation (“IDC”), as calculated by combining “AR/VR
     headsets + display-free smart glasses”, global sales in 2025 is estimated to reach 14.30 million, representing a year-
     on-year increase of 39.2%, which is primarily driven by display-free smart glasses. Evolution of the new generation of
     terminals becomes a key support for miniaturized optical design and system integration capabilities. Evolving towards
     “higher clarity, more compact, longer battery life and large-scale mass production capable” design has become a key
     consensus across the industry chain.




6   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


Overall, in 2025, the consumer electronics industry was transitioning from being driven by traditional terminal cycles to
a development model combining technological upgrades and multi-scenario applications. The Company will continue to
monitor developments in optical technologies and shifts in market demand, leveraging its existing technical expertise and
manufacturing capabilities to drive ongoing upgrades to its products and solutions. Looking ahead, with the trend toward
extensive integration of AI algorithms and optical technology, the Company is confident in its technological expertise,
client collaboration and mass production capabilities, and will firmly seize the market opportunities arising from industrial
upgrades.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is a supplier of delicate optical modules for electronic mobile devices, specialising in the design, development,
manufacture and sale of optical modules and related components. Its products are widely used in smartphones,
multimedia tablets, smart driving and other mobile terminal devices of internationally-renowned brand customers.

In 2025, the Group’s precision optics business continued to maintain steady development. Despite the complex and
volatile global landscape, with the increasing popularity of dynamic spatial sensory, computational photography and
on-device artificial intelligence (AI) functions, the demand for optical functions in mobile terminals has been gradually
increasing among consumer groups, resulting in a further increase in the complexity of the imaging system and a
continuous rise in the requirements for the specifications, precision, consistency and reliability of the optical components.
Leveraging its mature research and development system and process implementation capabilities, the Group has
continued to optimise its product structure and cost efficiency, and strengthened the stickiness of and the depth of
synergies with its major customers, so as to maintain the leading position and stabilise its competitive edge in the process
of structural upgrading of the industry. During the same period, the prices of some core components of the consumer
electronics industry chain experienced periodic fluctuations, with the price of storage fluctuating more significantly, raising
market concerns about the impact on end-users’ demand. Overall, such cost fluctuations had a relatively limited impact
on prominent brands with industry leadership and strong risk resilience.

Relying on its leading technology accumulation in the field of high-precision optical modules, the Group has been actively
expanding its extended applications in emerging scenarios and deepening in-depth strategic synergies with its partners
to transform its research and development outcomes into multi-terminal forms and continue to expand its market share,
enhance its cross-cycle risk resilience and explore development opportunities for its long-term growth in the future.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recorded an increase in revenue from approximately US$2,494.3
million in 2024 to US$3,500.1 million in 2025 and recorded an increase in net profit attributable to equity shareholders
of Company from approximately US$119.1 million in 2024 to US$196.9 million in 2025. The Group had total assets
of US$1,543.7 million and total equity of US$731.4 million as of 31 December 2025, as compared to total assets of
US$1,442.6 million and total equity of US$523.7 million as of 31 December 2024. Impairment loss on property, plant and
equipment decreased from US$49.4 million in 2024 to US$2.9 million in 2025.

In order to facilitate efficient capital management and demonstrate the management’s willingness to share the Group’s
profit with the shareholders, the Board has proposed the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.35 (2024: Nil) per ordinary
share for the year ended 31 December 2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting which is expected to be held on Thursday, 28 May 2026.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    7
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE STRATEGIES

     According to the World Economic Outlook Update published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in January 2026,
     the global economy is expected to achieve a growth of approximately 3.3% in 2026, representing an upward revision
     from the previous forecast and is consistent with the expected growth for 2024–2025. The IMF points out that despite
     ongoing uncertainties in trade policies and geopolitical risks, the global economy as a whole has maintained a certain
     degree of resilience, driven by factors such as technological investment, policy support and the adaptability of the
     business sector. Inflation is on a downward trend in general, which is conducive to improving the actual consumption
     and investment environment. The wave of technological innovation and digital transformation continues to energize the
     real economy. In particular, demand in fields such as artificial intelligence (“AI”), semiconductors, smart terminals and
     automation has been steadily unleashed, providing important support for global industrial growth.

     Due to the continuous expansion and extension of the application fields of optical technology such as intelligent
     terminals, machine vision, micro-display and automotive electronics, customers’ demand for optical technology and
     precision manufacturing capacity is increasing simultaneously, and enterprises with optical technological know-how and
     large-scale manufacturing capability are expected to continue to benefit.

     Among the businesses that the Group focuses on, optical modules are not only the important functional components
     of terminal products, but also the key fundamental capability for many smart devices to achieve environmental sensory
     and information acquisition. The Group also continues to pay attention to the development trend of new smart terminals.
     Among which, lightweight intelligent devices with environmental sensory and human-machine interaction capabilities are
     gradually becoming an important direction for the industry to explore.

     With the rapid development of AI technology, smart terminals are accelerating their evolution towards multi-modal
     interaction and real-time visual recognition. In 2025, AI technology continued to penetrate from the cloud to the terminal-
     side, while the on-device computing capacity continued to improve, gradually driving AI mobile phones, AI PCs, and
     edge intelligent devices to enter the stage of large-scale application. At major global technology exhibitions such as
     the Consumer Electronics Show (CES 2026) and the Mobile World Congress (MWC 2026), the accelerated integration
     of AI technology into the physical world and its actual application has become an industry consensus. The continuous
     expansion of terminal forms and application scenarios has enabled camera modules to evolve from maintaining traditional
     image acquisition functions to possessing high-precision, multi-scenario adaptability and the capability to achieve system
     synergy. New terminals such as smart glasses are expected to gradually form a new visual sensory and interaction portal,
     which will place higher requirements for miniaturised optical components, low-power consumption design and large-
     scale manufacturing capabilities.

     At the same time, the Group is actively promoting the in-depth extension of AI technology from “product empowerment”
     to “system empowerment”. We believe that the core value of AI lies not only in defining the interaction pattern of terminal
     products, but also in structurally reshaping the Group’s underlying operational logic and advanced manufacturing genes.




8   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


At present, the AI gene has permeated every aspect of the Group’s operations: at the organisational governance level,
we have used AI to achieve full-dimensional coverage from basic operational support to strategic manpower allocation,
whether it is the intelligent response of daily services for office campus or the accurate prediction and full-process
automation of the large-scale talent supply chain; at the research and development and production middle office, AI is
restructuring our development efficiency and delivery rhythm. From automatically generating underlying code to accurately
simulating production capacity deployment, or even cluster task scheduling of production, AI is transforming our
accumulated industrial big data into real-time decision-making power and productivity. Through this in-depth integration
of “data-driven, AI collaboration and manufacturing”, the Group is gradually building an insurmountable technological
barrier to competition, realising the leap from traditional scale expansion to a high-quality and high operational leverage
growth model and ensuring that we can always maintain excellent profit quality and strategic initiative in the competition
along the global industrial chain.

In addition, in terms of display and advanced optics, the Group is highly concerned about the industrialisation progress of
MicroLEDs and related miniaturised optical technologies. Combined with our own profound optical technology reserves,
we have taken a prudent and proactive approach for the construction of related core competencies, aiming to ensure
leading technological participation and market access in the evolution of new-generation high-performance displays and
multi-dimensional sensory terminal forms through technological breakthroughs and industry synergies.

The Group will continue to strengthen its investment in research and development and deepen the construction of
its technology platform to ensure a stable competitive edge in the face of industrial transformation. Adhering to the
development strategy of “solidifying the core and extending capabilities”, the Group will focus on strengthening the
research and development synergy and large-scale delivery capability of high-end optical modules in its core business of
consumer electronics. By optimising our product mix and manufacturing efficiency, we will strengthen and enhance our
long-term competitive position in the supply chain system of our core customers.

Talent remains as the core resource for the Group’s long-term development. In the future, the Group will continue to
introduce and nurture high-end professionals in key technological areas, optimise its organisational structure and inter-
departmental collaboration mechanism to support the development of multi-scenario and multi-product platforms, so
as to better respond to the ever-escalating technological needs of our customers. The Group will continue to deepen
the integration of research and development, process and manufacturing, and strengthen the synergistic enhancement
between engineering and manufacturing capabilities and innovation capabilities, with a view to providing customers with
stable and high-quality products and services.

Standing at a new starting point, the Group will continue to uphold the concept of innovation-led development, explore
the potential of existing customers and actively expand into new blue ocean markets. We are committed to constructing
higher barriers in the industry and optimising our overall operating efficiency by upgrading our process automation and
strengthening our research and development capabilities. In the face of the restructuring of global industrial chain, we
will adopt a long-term strategic vision in product layout and continuously enhance our core competitiveness. The Group
firmly believes that, by deepening our technological expertise and optimising our services, we will be able to ride the
waves of industry development, reward our investors for their trust with outstanding performance growth, and generate
long-term comprehensive benefits for our shareholders.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   9
      Management Discussion and Analysis



      FINANCIAL REVIEW

      The following table sets out the summary of business results for the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                   2025                2024         Changes
                                                                         (US$ in millions)   (US$ in millions)           %


       OPERATING RESULTS
           Revenue                                                               3,500.1             2,494.3         40.3%
          Gross profit                                                             358.7               290.9         23.3%
              Gross margin                                                        10.2%               11.7%
          Operating profit                                                         239.9               156.4         53.4%
              Operating margin                                                     6.9%                6.3%
          Net profit                                                               194.9               120.4         61.9%
              Net margin                                                           5.6%                4.8%


       ASSETS & LIABILITIES
           Total assets                                                          1,543.7             1,442.6          7.0%
              Current assets                                                     1,139.3             1,035.1         10.1%
              Non-current assets                                                   404.4               407.5          -0.8%
          Total liabilities                                                        812.2               918.9         -11.6%
              Current liabilities                                                  675.4               764.8         -11.7%
              Non-current liabilities                                              136.8               154.1         -11.2%
          Total equity                                                             731.4               523.7         39.7%


       EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                     US$0.229            US$0.139           64.7%


      Revenue

      The Group reported a total revenue of approximately US$3,500.1 million in 2025, representing an approximately 40.3%
      increase compared with that of 2024, which was mainly due to increased orders included new rear-end camera modules
      from customers.




10   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


Profit and Margin

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has recorded gross profit, operating profit and net profit of
approximately US$358.7 million, US$239.9 million and US$194.9 million, respectively, as compared with approximately
US$290.9 million, US$156.4 million and US$120.4 million, respectively, in the fiscal year of 2024. In terms of margins,
the Group’s gross margin, operating margin and net margin for the year ended 31 December 2025 were approximately
10.2%, 6.9% and 5.6%, respectively, as compared to approximately 11.7%, 6.3% and 4.8%, respectively, in 2024.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not experience any significant change of pricing policy for its
products and there was no material change in the unit cost of raw materials.

Key Financial Ratios

                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                      2025                 2024


 KEY FINANCIAL RATIO (%)
    Return on equity                                                                                 26.7%                23.0%
    Current ratio (times)                                                                              1.69                 1.35
    Quick ratio (times)                                                                                1.34                 0.94
    Gearing ratio                                                                                   -23.6%                12.8%
    Debt to equity ratio                                                                            -19.1%                14.6%


Return on Equity

The calculation of return on equity is based on profit for the period divided by capital and reserves and multiplied by
100%.

The Group’s return on equity at the end of the fiscal year of 2025 increased from 23.0% in 2024 to 26.7% in 2025,
primarily due to an increase in net profit for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Current Ratio

The calculation of current ratio is based on current assets divided by current liabilities.

The Group’s current ratio increased from 1.35 in 2024 to 1.69 in 2025, which was primarily due to an increase in the
Group’s trade receivables and decrease in the Group’s short-term bank loan.

Quick Ratio

The calculation of the quick ratio is based on current assets less inventories divided by current liabilities.

The Group’s quick ratio increased from 0.94 in 2024 to 1.34 in 2025, which was mainly due to an increase in the Group’s
trade receivables and decrease in the Group’s short-term bank loan.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   11
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Gearing Ratio

      The calculation of gearing ratio is based on net debt (defined as bank loans and lease liabilities less cash and cash
      equivalents, bank deposits and pledged deposits) divided by the sum of net debt and total equity, and multiplied by
      100%.

      The Group’s gearing ratio decreased from 12.8% in 2024 to -23.6% in 2025, which was primarily due to a decrease in
      the Group bank loan.

      Debt to Equity Ratio

      The calculation of debt to equity ratio is based on net debt divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%.

      Consistent with its gearing ratio, the Group’s debt to equity ratio decreased from 14.6% in 2024 to -19.1% in 2025,
      which was primarily due to a decrease in the Group bank loan.

      Other Income

      Other income increased by approximately 154.3% from approximately US$23.0 million of other loss in 2024 to
      approximately US$12.5 million of other income in 2025. This increase was mainly attributable to a decrease of US$46.5
      million in impairment loss of property, plant and equipment and offset by a decrease in exchange gain of approximately
      US$10.4 million.

      Selling and Distribution Expenses

      Selling and distribution expenses increased by approximately 6.3% from approximately US$3.4 million in 2024
      to approximately US$3.6 million in 2025. This increase was mainly attributable to an increase of US$0.1 million in
      transportation expenses and an increase of US$0.1 million in other selling and distribution expenses.

      Administrative Expenses

      Administrative expenses increased by approximately 18.0% from approximately US$108.1 million in 2024 to
      approximately US$127.6 million in 2025. This increase was mainly attributable to increase in the research and
      development expense of approximately US$28.9 million, while partially offset by a decrease of US$9.4 million in other
      administrative expenses.

      Finance Costs

      Finance costs decreased by approximately 15.5% from approximately US$18.7 million in 2024 to approximately US$15.8
      million in 2025, such decrease was resulted from decrease in interest expenses on bank loans.

      Income Tax

      The Group’s income tax expense increased by approximately 66.5% from approximately US$17.3 million in 2024 to
      US$28.8 million in 2025. The increase was mainly attributable to increase in profit before tax and withholding tax on
      dividend income outside Hong Kong.




12   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Final Dividends

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the final dividends proposed by the Board was HK$0.35 (equivalent to US$0.04)
per ordinary share, with a payment ratio of 19.7% of the profit attributable to the Shareholders. The final dividend is
subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.


CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had net current assets of approximately US$463.9 million, compared with net
current assets of approximately US$270.3 million as of 31 December 2024, representing an increase of approximately
US$193.6 million.

Inventories

The Group’s inventory balance decreased by approximately 26.6%, or approximately US$83.9 million, from
approximately US$315.2 million as of 31 December 2024 to approximately US$231.3 million as of 31 December 2025,
mainly due to decrease in the stock of raw materials for the new rear camera modules and finished products.

The following table sets forth the Group’s average inventory turnover days for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                   As of 31 December
                                                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                                     (US$ in millions)


 Inventory turnover days(Note)                                                                                         31.8                   37.2


Note: Inventory turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing inventory balances divided by the cost of sales for the
      relevant period and multiplied by the number of days in the period.


Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables represent outstanding amounts due from the Group’s customers for the purchase of its products.
Besides trade receivables, the Group’s other receivables and prepayments primarily comprise prepayments on the
purchase of components and materials, value-added tax refunds due and guarantee deposits for its leases.

The Group’s trade and other receivables increased by approximately 38.1%, or approximately US$165.9 million, from
approximately US$434.7 million as of 31 December 2024 to approximately US$600.6 million as of 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       13
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      The table below sets forth an ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables (which are included in trade and other
      receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                                        As of 31 December
                                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                                          (US$ in millions)


       Trade receivables
       Within 1 month                                                                                                     573.8                 404.6
       Over 1 to 2 months                                                                                                    3.3                   0.2
       Over 2 to 3 months                                                                                                    0.2                   0.2
       Over 3 months                                                                                                         0.8                   0.2


       Total                                                                                                              578.2                 405.2


      The following table sets forth the turnover days for the Group’s trade receivables for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                         2025            2024


       Trade receivables turnover days(Note)                                                                                51.3                  40.8


      Note: Trade receivables turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing trade receivables divided by turnover for the
            relevant period multiplied by the number of days in the period.


      There is no significant change in the Group’s average trade receivables turnover days for the year ended 31 December
      2025 compared with the year ended 31 December 2024.

      Other receivables mainly represented bank interest income receivables and value-add tax receivables.

      Trade and Other Payables

      Trade payables represent outstanding amounts due on the Group’s purchases of components and materials and
      equipment from external suppliers. Apart from trade payables, the Group’s accrued charges and other payables primarily
      comprise accrued salaries and other remuneration benefits and interest expenses payable.

      The Group’s trade and other payables increased by approximately 18.4%, or approximately US$98.8 million, from
      approximately US$536.6 million as of 31 December 2024 to approximately US$635.4 million as of 31 December 2025,
      primarily due to an increase in the purchased components and materials.




14   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth an ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables (which include in trade and other
payables) based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                                 As of 31 December
                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                  (US$ in millions)


 Trade payables
 Within 1 month                                                                                                    422.4                 205.4
 Over 1 to 3 months                                                                                                103.8                 119.6
 Over 3 to 6 months                                                                                                 65.7                 152.0


 Total                                                                                                             591.9                 477.0


The following table sets out the turnover days for the Group’s trade payables for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                  2025            2024


 Trade payables turnover days(Note)                                                                                  62.1                  56.8


Note: Trade payables turnover days were calculated based on the average of the opening and closing trade payables divided by cost of sales for the
      relevant period multiplied by the number of days in the period.


Other payable mainly represented accrued charges and machine payable.

The Group’s average trade payables turnover days for the year ended 31 December 2025 were higher as compared with
the year ended 31 December 2024, which were due to increase in the cost and were partially offset by an increase in the
Group’s payables.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had total assets of approximately US$1,543.7 million (31 December 2024:
US$1,442.6 million); net current assets of approximately US$463.9 million (31 December 2024: US$270.3 million) and
total equity of approximately US$731.4 million (31 December 2024: US$523.7 million).

The Group has a solid financial position and continued to maintain a strong and steady inflow from operating activities.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had approximately US$149.4 million (31 December 2024: US$113.3 million) of
cash and cash equivalents. The Directors believe that the current cash and cash equivalents and expected cash flow
from operations will be sufficient to satisfy the current operational requirements of the Group. As at 31 December 2025,
guarantee was provided by the Company and intermediate holding company to secure the banking facilities of US$398.4
million granted to the Group (31 December 2024: US$832 million of banking facilities granted to the Group were
guaranteed by the Company and ultimate controlling party).




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      15
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Borrowings

      As of the close of business on 31 December 2025, the Group had aggregate banking facilities of approximately
      US$1,284.4 million, of which US$131.5 million were utilized. Other than this, the Group did not have any other
      outstanding debt securities, charges, mortgages or other similar indebtedness, hire purchase or guarantee or other
      material contingent liabilities.

      Pledge of the Group’s Assets

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any encumbrances, mortgage, loan, charge on our assets (31
      December 2024: US$10.5 million of pledged deposits provided to secure certain bank loans in the Chinese Mainland).

      Capital Expenditures and Commitments

      The Group’s capital expenditures (equivalent to the cash spent for payment for purchases of property, plant and
      equipment and intangible assets) for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately US$74.1 million
      (2024: US$248.0 million) and was funded through cash flow from operation. The Group’s capital expenditures in 2025
      mainly reflected purchases of additional machinery and equipment to produce more advanced flip-chip camera modules.
      The Group intends to fund the Group’s planned future capital expenditures through a combination of cash flow from
      operating activities and any potential fund raising opportunities (if needed and when suitable).

      Contingent Liabilities

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.

      Interest Coverage Ratio

      The interest coverage ratio increased from 8.4 in 2024 to 15.1 in 2025, which was primarily due to an increase in profit
      from operations which were partially offset by corresponding decrease in interest expenses.

      Treasury Policies

      The Group has adopted a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policies and thus maintained
      a healthy liquidity position throughout the period under review. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the
      Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of its assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet
      funding requirements from time to time.




16   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis



QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ON MARKET RISK

The Group’s exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of its business. The
market risks to which the Group is exposed to, as well as its practices to manage such risks, are as follows:

Credit Risk

The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from
cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are banks for which the Group considers to have low
credit risk. In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers. These
evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and may take
into account information specific to the customer and the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
and other receivables are generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
than three months overdue are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted. Normally,
the Group does not obtain collateral from its customers. In respect of deposits with banks, the Group only places its
deposits with the major financial institutions which the management believes such institutions have a high credit rating.

The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced primarily by the individual characteristics of each customer, and to a
lesser extent, by the default risk of the industry and country in which its customers operate. As of 31 December 2025,
96.7% (2024: 92.5%) of the Group’s trade receivables were due from its largest customer, and 99.9% (2024: 99.9%) of
its trade receivables were due from its five largest customers in aggregate.

Liquidity Risk

The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor liquidity risk so as to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet
its liquidity requirements in the short and long term. The Group’s bank loans amount to US$131.5 million (2024: US324.1
million) as at 31 December 2025.

Please refer to note 24(b) to the consolidated financial statements for further information.

Interest Rate Risk

The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from its interest-bearing borrowings subject to variable rates and those
subject to fixed rates, which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risks. As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s has
no variable rate borrowings (2024: US$Nil).

As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all
other variables held constant, would have decreased or increased the Group’s profit after taxation and retained profits by
approximately is US$Nil (2024: US$Nil). Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected in response to a
general increase/decrease in interest rates.

Please refer to note 24(d) to the consolidated financial statements for further details.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   17
      Management Discussion and Analysis


      Currency Risk

      The Group’s exposure to currency risk arises primarily through sales and purchases giving rise to receivables, payables
      and cash balances that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they
      relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Hong Kong dollars (pegged to the U.S. dollar), Renminbi and
      Korean Won.

      The functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, the Chinese Mainland and Korea
      are U.S. dollars, U.S. dollars, Renminbi and Korean Won, respectively. While both the Group’s sales of products and
      purchases of components, materials and equipment are denominated mainly in U.S. dollars, a portion of its purchases,
      as well as its labor and other operating costs, are denominated in other currencies, including Renminbi and Korean
      Won. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not use any forward exchange contracts or other derivative
      instruments to hedge against fluctuations in currency exchange rates applicable to us.

      Please refer to note 24(c) to the consolidated financial statements for further details.


      SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF
      SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

      There were no significant investments held, and no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
      ventures of the Company performed by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


      HUMAN RESOURCES

      The Group employed a total of approximately 6,854 full-time employees as of 31 December 2025 (31 December
      2024: 6,035). Total staff costs for the year ended 31 December 2025, excluding Directors’ remuneration, amounted to
      approximately US$130.5 million (2024: US$124.2 million).

      In particular, professional employment agencies located in Dongguan, Chinese Mainland, have been involved for purpose
      of hiring most of the Group’s factory workers. The Group also provides living, entertainment, dining and training facilities
      for its employees. The scope of the training includes human resources policy, health and safety, management skills and
      machine and equipment manuals as well as other various topics.




18   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group has an emolument policy with respect to its long-term incentive schemes. The basis of determining
emoluments payable to the Directors is made on a discretionary basis with reference to the Company’s operating results,
individual performance and comparable market statistics. Furthermore, the Board has delegated the remuneration
committee to review and make decisions in respect of the remuneration packages and overall benefits for the Directors
and senior management of the Company. The emolument policy of the Group is determined by the Board on the basis of
the merit, qualifications and competence of the personnel.

Furthermore, to provide incentive or reward to our employees for their contribution or potential contribution to, and
continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Group with greater flexibility, the Group had adopted a new share
option scheme on 5 May 2021 (the “Share Option Scheme”). During the year ended 31 December 2025, 5,878,000
options had been exercised, 330,000 options had been cancelled, and 320,000 options had been lapsed. As at 31
December 2025, based on the number of options granted which had not been exercised, cancelled and/or lapsed, the
total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 40,782,880, representing approximately
4.70% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this announcement. For details of the Share Option
Scheme, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 20 April 2021 and the annual report of the Company for the
year ended 31 December 2025. Furthermore, the Company adopted a share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”)
on 21 March 2024. During the year ended 31 December 2025, 2,575,400 awards had been vested, 12,600 awards had
been cancelled, and 808,000 awards had been lapsed. The Company did not grant any awarded shares to employees
during the year ended 31 December 2025. For details of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to the section headed
“Share Award Scheme” in this annual report.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   19
      Directors and Senior Management

      As of the date of this annual report, the Board consists of seven Directors including two executive Directors, two
      non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The following sets forth the profile of the
      Directors and senior management:

      Executive Directors

      Mr. Meng Yan (“Mr. Meng”) (孟岩), aged 50, is an executive Director and chairman of the Board. Mr. Meng obtained
      a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of
      China (電子科技大學) in 1998. Mr. Meng has extensive experience in operation, investment and corporate management.
      He has previously worked in leading companies in the electronic industries, such as International Business Machines
      Corporation, Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (now known as Sony Mobile Communications Corporation) and
      Knowles Corporation. He joined the Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited as a vice president in 2016. Mr. Meng
      was appointed as an executive Director on 15 January 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15
      January 2024. He was appointed as the chairman of the Board on 1 March 2021.

      Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng (“Mr. Wu”) (吳英政), aged 58, is an executive Director, the chief executive officer (“CEO”) and
      the chief financial officer (“CFO”) of the Company. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in material science from the
      Department of Mechanical Engineering of the National Chung Hsing University (國立中興大學) in 1993. Mr. Wu has
      been working in the semiconductor assembly technology and camera module development industries since 1995. He
      has been a general manager of Lite-On Singapore Pte. Limited for portable image device business unit since 2015 and
      a general manager of Luxvisions Innovation Limited since 2018. Mr. Wu was appointed as an executive Director on 15
      January 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15 January 2024. He was appointed as a CEO and
      chief financial officer of the Company on 1 March 2021.

      Non-executive Directors

      Mr. Chen Han-Yang (“Mr. Chen”) (陳漢洋), aged 55, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Chen obtained a master’s
      degree in banking and finance from the Tamkang University (台灣淡江大學) in 1998. Mr. Chen has been working in the
      investment, mergers and acquisitions and corporate management in Fortune 500 corporations. He has been the head
      of investment of Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited since 2016 and has been primarily responsible for corporation
      investment. Mr. Chen has extensive experience in the consumer electronics industry. Mr. Chen was appointed as a
      non-executive Director on 1 March 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 1 March 2024.

      Mr. Yang Li (“Mr. Yang”) (楊立), aged 40, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Yang obtained his bachelor’s degree in
      business administration from the Open University of China (國家開放大學) in the Chinese Mainland in 2020. Mr. Yang
      joined Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited in July 2007. He has over 10 years of experiences in supply chain and
      operation management in consumer electronics industry. He has been chief operating officer of Shenzhen Luxshare
      Precision Industry Co., Limited, Bozhou Lanto Electronics Co., Limited and Luxshare Precision Industry (Chuzhou) Co.,
      Limited. He has extensive experience in supply chain management. Mr. Yang was appointed as a non-executive Director
      on 1 March 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 1 March 2024.




20   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                            Directors and Senior Management


Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh (“Ms. Su”) (蘇艶雪), aged 56, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the
remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) and a member of each of the audit
committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.
Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in international business from the National Taiwan University (國立台灣大學) in 1991
and a master’s degree in industrial administration from the Carnegie Mellon University in 1993. Ms. Su has extensive
experience in investments and mergers and acquisitions in the technology sector. She was a top ranked technology
analyst for ABN AMRO Bank and UBS before joining AsusTeK Computer Inc. as a chief investment officer in 2004. She
spearheaded the AsusTeK Computer Inc. and Pegatron Corporation restructuring in 2009 and retired from her position
of senior vice president for investment and business development from Pegatron Corporation in 2013. Ms. Su currently
serves on the boards of Eslite Spectrum Corporation and Universal Cement Corporation as an independent director,
and on the board of Spotfilms Company Limited as a Corporate director representative. Ms. Su was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director on 15 January 2021 and renewed her appointment for next three years from 15
January 2024.

Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung (“Mr. Tsai”) (蔡鎮隆), aged 53, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the
Nomination Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee. Mr. Tsai
obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in information system from the Western United States International University and
a master’s degree majoring in electronic computer engineering from the Arizona State University. Mr. Tsai is currently a
director of Space Speed Technology Limited, the chairman of the board of directors of Speedtech (LS-ICT) Company
Limited, the director of Leader Precision Industry Corporation Limited, the chairman of Toyoshima Corporation (M) Sdn.
Bhd., the director of CalDigit, Inc., the director of Aiotek Pte. Limited and the director of Taihan Precision Technology
Company Limited. Mr. Tsai was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 January 2021 and renewed
his appointment for next three years from 15 January 2024.

Ms. Liu Xia (“Ms. Liu”) (劉霞), aged 60, is an independent non-executive Director, a chairman of the Audit Committee
and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Ms. Liu graduated with a
bachelor’s degree in Industrial and Economics Management from the Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in
1988 and completed an in-service postgraduate course in Finance at the Central University of Finance and Economics
in 2004. From July 1988 to February 1993, she was appointed as a staff member and Chief Officer of the Finance
Department’s Plant Representative Office of Ansteel Group Corporation Limited by the Finance Bureau of Anshan City,
Liaoning Province under the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (the “Chinese Mainland”), in which
role she undertook supervision and review of finance matters and formulation of policies for state-owned enterprises.

From March 1993 to March 1999, she successively worked as Project Manager, Department Manager, Chief Accountant
and Deputy General Manager of DeveChina International Appraisals Co., Ltd. During her tenure at DeveChina
International Appraisals Co., Ltd., she was engaged in and led major listing-related valuation projects such as the A
share listing of Changhong Huayi Compressor Co., Ltd., the A share listing of FAW Car Co., Ltd. and the H share listing
of Sinopec Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Since April 1999, she has been working as a Director and Senior Deputy
General Manager of China Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.. During her tenure at China Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd., she was
engaged in and led major listing valuation projects, such as the secondary share issuance of Shandong International
Power Development Co., Ltd., the A share listing of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, the rights issue of GD
Power Development Co., Ltd., the debt for equity swap of Panzhihua Steel (Group) Co., Ltd., the rights issue of Harbin
Dongan Automotive Power Co., Ltd., the assets reorganization (H shares) of Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd., the secondary
share issuance of TianChuang Property Co., Ltd., the reorganisation and overall listing of Bengang Steel Plates Co.,
Ltd., the disposal of employee shares during the initial public offering of CSR Corporation Limited, the A share listing of



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   21
      Directors and Senior Management


      China National Chemical Engineering Co., Ltd., the initial offering application at ChiNext of Landocean Energy Services
      Co., Ltd., the establishment of CECEP Solar Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and the major assets reorganization project of
      CETC Energy Joint-Stock Co., Ltd. Ms. Liu was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 26 July 2021
      and renewed her appointment for next three years from 24 July 2024.

      Save as disclosed above, the Directors (i) have not held any directorships in other listed public companies, whether in
      Hong Kong or overseas, during the last three years; and (ii) do not have any other relationships with any Directors, senior
      management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. Regarding the Directors’ interests in shares
      of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, please refer to the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief
      Executive Officers’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or its
      associates corporations” in the Directors’ Report section of this report for more details. Save as disclosed above, there is
      no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


      SENIOR MANAGEMENT

      The senior management team of the Group, in addition to the Directors listed above, is as follows:

      Mr. Hwang Young-Hwan (“Mr. Hwang”), aged 51, is the director of the production department of Cowell China. Mr.
      Hwang received a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Inha University in February 2002. He had worked at
      LG Electronics Inc. as a quality manager from 2002 to 2008. From 2009 to 2017, Mr. Hwang had worked at LG Innotek
      Company Limited as a quality senior manager. He joined Cowell China in June 2017. Mr. Hwang had over 20 years of
      working experience in consumer electronics industry.


      COMPANY SECRETARY

      Ms. Lam Wing Yan (“Ms. Lam”), aged 49, is the senior finance manager of Cowell Hong Kong and was appointed
      as the company secretary of the Company on 17 September 2014. Ms. Lam joined the Group in August 2013 and
      has been primarily responsible for corporate financial management. She has over 20 years of experience in corporate
      financial management, accounting and the company secretarial area. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Lam held various
      positions, including the senior manager of finance and operations at Iriver Hong Kong Limited, a private company based
      in Hong Kong which provides, among others, broadcasting equipment and semiconductors, and the holding company
      of which is listed on the Korea Exchange, for approximately 10 years from March 2001 to June 2011. Ms. Lam obtained
      a master’s degree in business administration from the University of South Australia in March 2012. Ms. Lam is a certified
      public accountant, a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a fellow member of the
      Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




22   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                         Directors’ Report

The Board is pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
the year ended 31 December 2025. The business review is disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion
and Analysis”, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, on page 6 in this annual report.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements. The Group is a major supplier of camera modules for mobile devices. The Group
primarily engages in the design, development, manufacture and sale of a variety of camera modules that serve as critical
components for smartphones, multimedia tablets and other mobile devices with camera functions. Major customers for
the Group’s camera modules include some of the leading mobile device manufacturers in the world. The Group also
designs, develops, manufactures and sells optical components used in a number of consumer electronics products.
Major customers for the Group’s optical components include subsidiaries or affiliates of leading global electronics
companies.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the state of the Company’s and the Group’s affairs
as at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 82 to 152.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final divided of HK$0.35 (equivalent to US$0.04) per ordinary share for
the year ended 31 December 2025 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company
on Monday, 12 June 2026, subject to the approval of the Shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual
general meeting.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

Record date and closure of register of members for the upcoming annual general meeting of the Company

The annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday, 28 May 2026. The notice of the AGM
will be published and despatched to the Shareholders in due course.

The record date for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend and vote at the AGM is
Thursday, 28 May 2026. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of
the Company will be closed from Friday, 22 May 2026 to Thursday, 28 May 2026, both dates inclusive, during which
period no transfers of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM,
Shareholders must complete and lodge all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–
1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30
p.m. on Thursday, 21 May 2026.

Record date and closure of register of members for the proposed final dividend

The record date for determining the entitlements of the Shareholders to the proposed final dividend is Friday, 12 June
2026. The Company’s register of members will be closed from Wednesday, 10 June 2026 to Friday, 12 June 2026 (both
days inclusive) in order to determine entitlements to the proposed final dividend. During such period, no transfer of shares



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   23
      Directors’ Report


      will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares of the Company accompanied by
      the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
      Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong,
      for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 9 June 2026. Subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the
      AGM, dividend will be paid to the Shareholders on or around Friday, 3 July 2026.


      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

      A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five years ended 31 December 2025 are set out
      on page 153 of this annual report. That summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.


      SHARE CAPITAL

      Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 23(b) to the consolidated financial
      statements.


      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

      Distributability of reserves of the Company

      The application of the share premium account is governed by the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. Under the
      Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in share premium account are distributable to the Shareholders
      provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in
      a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

      As at 31 December 2025, the reserves of the Company available for distribution to the Shareholders amounted to
      approximately US$65.2 million (2024: US$71.9 million).


      DONATIONS

      Charitable donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to US$2,300 (2024:
      US$840).


      TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

      The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
      Company’s securities.


      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

      There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant laws of the Cayman
      Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.




24   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the year ended 31 December 2025 (including sale or transfer of treasury shares as defined under Listing Rules).
The Company did not have any treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules) as at 31 December 2025.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company’s existing share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme” or the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant
to the resolution of our Shareholders passed on 5 May 2021 to provide greater flexibility for the Company to grant share
options and provide incentives and/or rewards to eligible persons for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to
promote the interests of the Group.

Purpose of the Share Option Scheme

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide an incentive or a reward to selected Eligible Participants (as
defined in paragraph “Who may join” below) for their contribution or potential contribution to, and continuing efforts to
promote the interests of, the Group or any invested entity and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre
employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or invested entity.

The Board is of the view that the Share Option Scheme may provide the Eligible Participants with the opportunity of
participating in the growth of the Group by acquiring shares in the Company which may in turn assist in the attraction
and retention of the Eligible Participants. To ensure the achievement of the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, its
rules do not specify any minimum holding period and/or performance targets as a condition for the exercise of an option
but subject to the determination of the Board. The Board is given the authority under the Share Option Scheme rules
to determine and state in the offer letter of grant any minimum holding period and/or performance targets as conditions
for exercise of an option. In addition, the Board has the authority under the Share Option Scheme rules to determine
the basis of eligibility of any Eligible Participant and the grant of an option on a case by case basis as the Board in its
sole discretion considers appropriate. Hence, the Board believes that the rules of the Share Option Scheme will serve to
achieve its purpose as well as protect the value of the Company.

Who may join

The Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Board
may determine to:

(i)     any employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the Company, any of the subsidiaries and any invested entity;

(ii)    any Director (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive directors) of the Company, any
        subsidiary or any invested entity;

(iii)   any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any invested entity;

(iv)    any customer of the Group or any invested entity; or

(v)     any business or joint venture partners, contractors, agents or representatives, consultants, advisers or service
        providers that provides research, development, professional service or other technological support to the Group or
        any invested entity, (together with (i) to (iv) above, collectively, the “Eligible Participant”).

                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   25
      Directors’ Report


      Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted

      The maximum number of the Shares in respect of which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all share options,
      (“Option”) to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
      in aggregate exceed 83,436,880 Shares, representing 10 per cent. (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the issued share
      capital of the Company as at the date which the Share Option Scheme is approved by the Shareholders, excluding for
      this purpose options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other share
      option schemes of the Company, provided that:

      (i)     the Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to renew the Scheme Mandate Limit such
              that the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted by the Directors under the Scheme
              and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not exceed 10 per cent. (the “Renewal Limit”) of the
              issued share capital of the Company at the date of approval to renew such limit. Options previously granted under
              the Scheme (including those outstanding, cancelled, lapsed in accordance with the Scheme or exercised Options)
              shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Renewal Limit. The Company shall send a circular to the
              Shareholders containing the information required under the Listing Rules and the disclaimer required under the
              Listing Rules for the purpose of seeking the approval of the Shareholders for the Renewal Limit.

      (ii)    the Company may authorise the Directors to grant Options to specified Eligible Participants beyond the Scheme
              Mandate Limit or the Renewal Limit if the grant of such Options is specifically approved by the Shareholders in
              general meeting. In such case, the Company must send a circular to the Shareholders in connection with the
              general meeting at which their approval will be sought containing a generic description of the specified Eligible
              Participants who may be granted such Options, the number and terms of the Option to be granted, the purpose of
              granting Options to the specified Eligible Participants with an explanation as to how the terms of the Options serve
              such purpose, the information and the disclaimer required under the Listing Rules and such further information as
              may be required by the Stock Exchange from time to time.

      (iii)   if the Company or the subsidiary conducts a share consolidation or subdivision after the 10% limit has been
              approved in general meeting, the maximum number of securities that may be issued upon exercise of all options
              to be granted under all of the share option schemes of the Company or the subsidiary under the 10% Scheme
              Mandate Limit as a percentage of the total number of issued shares at the date immediately before and after such
              consolidation or subdivision shall be the same.

      The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
      exercised under the Scheme, the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not exceed 30
      per cent. of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No Options shall be granted under the Scheme or any
      other share option scheme of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which will result in the limit being exceeded.

      The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted shall be adjusted in such manner as the
      auditors of the Company shall certify in writing to the Board to be fair and reasonable in the event of any alteration to
      the capital structure of the Company whether by way of capitalization of profits or reserves, rights issue, consolidation,
      reclassification, reconstruction, subdivision or reduction of the share capital of the Company but shall not in any event
      exceed the limits imposed by the Listing Rules.




26   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report


Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant

Unless approved by Shareholders in general meeting in the manner prescribed in the Listing Rules, the Board shall not
grant options to any Eligible Participant or grantee if the acceptance of those options would result in the total number of
Shares issued and to be issued to that Eligible Participant or grantee on exercise of his options (including both exercised
and outstanding options) during any 12 month period exceeding 1% of the total Shares then in issue.

Acceptance of an offer of options

An offer of the grant of an Option shall be made to Eligible Participants in writing (and unless so made shall be invalid) in
such form as the Board may from time to time determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant
concerned for a period of twenty-one (21) days inclusive of, from the date upon which it is made provided that no such
offer shall be open for acceptance after the earlier of the 10th anniversary of the adoption date (i.e. 5 May 2021) or the
termination of the Share Option Scheme or the Eligible Participant to whom such offer is made has ceased to be an
Eligible Participant.

A non-refundable nominal consideration of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantee upon acceptance of an Option. An Option
shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the Option duly signed by
the Eligible Participant together with the said consideration of HK$1.00 is received by the Company.

Any offer of the grant of an Option may be accepted in respect of less than the number of Shares in respect of which it is
offered provided that it is accepted in such number of Shares as represents a board lot for the time being for the purpose
of trading on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof.

Exercise price

The exercise price shall be a price determined by the Board but in any event shall be at least the highest of:

(i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets on the date
        of offer;

(ii)    the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation
        sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer; and

(iii)   the nominal value of the Shares on the date of offer.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   27
      Directors’ Report


      Restriction on the time of grant of options

      A grant of Options shall not be made after inside information has come to the knowledge of the Company until (and
      including) the trading day after it has been announced pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Rules and the Inside
      Information Provisions of Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). In
      particular, during the period of one month immediately preceding the earlier of:

      (i)    the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing
             Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period
             (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and

      (ii)   the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year, half-year and quarterly period
             under the Listing Rules, or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules),

      and ending on the date of the results announcement. No option may be granted during any period of delay in publishing
      a results announcement. Without prejudice to the foregoing, no option shall be granted during the period specified in the
      Listing Rules as being a period during which no option may be granted.

      Rights are personal to the grantee

      An Option shall be personal to the grantee and shall not be assignable and no grantee shall in any way sell, transfer,
      charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest whatsoever in favour of any third party over or in relation to any
      Option or enter into any agreement so to do. Any breach of the foregoing by a grantee shall entitle the Company to
      cancel any Option or part thereof granted to such grantee to the extent not already exercised.

      Time of exercise of Option and duration of the Share Option Scheme

      An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date upon
      which the Option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The period
      during which an option may be exercised will be determined by our Board in its absolute discretion, save that no option
      may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. No option may be granted more than 10 years after the
      date of approval of the Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier termination by our Company in general meeting or by
      our Board, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of its adoption (i.e.
      5 May 2021). Accordingly, the Share Option Scheme has a remaining life of approximately 5 years and 1 month as at the
      date of this report. There is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.




28   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report


Movement of the share options

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company did not grant any share options (2024: no options were granted) to
any eligible persons under the Share Option Scheme. Based on the Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares
for issue under the Scheme is 83,436,880, representing approximately 9.61% of the total number of issued Shares of the
Company as at the date of this annual report. Movement of the share options under the Share Option Scheme during the
reporting period are listed below:


                                                   Number of Options
                                                                                                           Closing price
                            As at     Exercised      Cancelled        Lapsed            As at              of the Shares
                        1 January         during         during        during    31 December     Exercise      before the
                             2025     the period     the period    the period           2025         price date of grant    Date of grant(3)     Vesting period
                                                                                                    (HK$)          (HK$)


  Directors of the Company
  Meng Yan(1)           2,197,000       205,000              —              —       1,992,000       4.144            4.09   25 May 2021(1)       25 May 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                   24 May 2026
  Wu Ying-Cheng(1)      1,763,000       500,000              —              —       1,263,000       4.144            4.09   25 May 2021(1)       25 May 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                   24 May 2026
  Chen Han-Yang(1)      1,480,000       480,000              —              —       1,000,000       4.144            4.09   25 May 2021(1)       25 May 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                   24 May 2026
  Yang Li(1)            1,120,000       560,000              —              —         560,000       4.144            4.09   25 May 2021(1)       25 May 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                   24 May 2026
  Employee participants
  Continuous contract 12,722,000      3,441,000         274,000        320,000      8,687,000       4.144            4.09   25 May 2021(1)       25 May 2021 to
    Employee(1)(2)                                                                                                                                 24 May 2026
                        7,242,000       692,000          56,000             —       6,494,000        4.84          4.758    15 October 2021(2)   15 October 2021 to
                                                                                                                                                   14 October 2026


  Total                26,524,000     5,878,000         330,000        320,000     19,996,000


Notes:

(1)       On 25 May 2021, a total of 45,450,000 Options were granted to certain Directors, chief executive and certain employees of the Group, and the
          exercise period of the Options are as follows:

          (a)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May 2022 to 24 May
                 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (b)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May 2023 to 24
                 May 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (c)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May 2024 to 24
                 May 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (d)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May 2025 to 24
                 May 2031, both dates inclusive.

          (e)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 25 May 2026 to 24 May
                 2031, both dates inclusive.


          For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25 May 2021.




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       29
      Directors’ Report


      (2)   On 15 October 2021, a total of 17,200,000 Options were granted to certain continuous contract employees of the Group, and the exercise period
            of the Options are as follows:

            (a)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October 2022 to 14
                   October 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (b)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October 2023 to
                   14 October 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (c)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October 2024 to 14
                   October 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (d)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October 2025 to
                   14 October 2031, both dates inclusive.

            (e)    20% of the Options shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant and exercisable from 15 October 2026 to 14
                   October 2031, both dates inclusive.

            For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 October 2021.

      (3)   Save as disclosed, no options had been granted to other director, chief executive, substantial shareholders of the Company, participants in excess
            of the individual limit and/or other related entity participants and/or service providers under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption. Other
            details of options granted by the Company, including but not limited to the fair value of the options at the date of the grant and the accounting
            standard and policy adopted, are set out in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.


      For the vesting conditions, in each of the aforesaid exercise period, if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for
      the preceding calendar year before an exercise period is level B or C, the Board is entitled to cancel some options
      exercisable in that exercise period of that Grantee; and if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for the preceding
      calendar year before an exercise period is level D, the Board is entitled to cancel all options exercisable in that exercise
      period of that Grantee.

      During the reporting period, 5,878,000 options (2024: 9,242,000 options) were exercised under Share Option Scheme.
      For the options exercised during the reporting period, the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
      before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$33.07 (2024: HK$23.45).

      Considering a total of 62,650,000 options were granted before the year ended 31 December 2022, and no options were
      granted during the subsequent periods and the reporting period, the number of options available for grant under the
      Scheme Mandate Limit as at the 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 remained as 20,786,880.

      Based on the Scheme Mandate Limit and subtracting the number of options exercised, cancelled and/or lapsed, the
      total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 40,782,880, representing approximately
      4.70% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report.

      The number of shares that may be issued in respect of Options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company
      during the year ended 31 December 2025 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the year is
      4.70%.




30   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report



SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Board approved the adoption of a share award scheme for the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) on 21
March 2024 (the “Adoption Date”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, existing Shares will be purchased by
Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited (the “Trustee”), a trustee corporation appointed by the Company for the
administration of the Scheme, and any additional or replacement trustee (if applicable), from the secondary market out of
cash contributed by the Company and be held on trust for the selected employees until such Shares are vested with the
selected employees in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme. No share options can be granted under
the Share Award Scheme. While the Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules, it does not involve issue of new shares and as such, the adoption of the Share Award Scheme was not subject to
Shareholders’ approval.

Set out below is a summary of the Share Award Scheme:

Purposes of the Share Award Scheme and who may join

The purposes of the Share Award Scheme is to motivate any employee (the “Employee”) of the Group employed
under a contract of employment and shall include any person who has been an employee of the Company and/or our
subsidiaries so employed (including without limitation any executive director and non-executive director of any member
of the Group), and to optimize their performance and efficiency for the benefit of the Group, and retain talents and attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any Employee (other than any Employees who is
resident in a place where, as determined by the Board or the Trustee (as the case may be), the grant, vesting and/or
settlement of the awarded shares and related income pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme at the time of
the proposed grant, vesting and/or settlement is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place, or where in
the view of the Board or the Trustee (as the case may be), compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of such
place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such Employees) after taking into account various factors as it deems
appropriate for participation in the Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee(s)”).

Administration of the Share Award Scheme

The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the rules of the Share
Award Scheme. The Board may by resolution delegate any or all of its powers in the administration of the Share Award
Scheme to the administrator or any other committee or sub-committee or any person(s) as from time to time authorized
by the Board for such purpose. In addition, the remuneration committee of the Company is responsible for the review
of relevant matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme (including but not limited to performance appraisal criteria
and procedures) and makes recommendation to the Board from time to time for its consideration and approval on the
operations of the Share Award Scheme including the selection of the Employees, the terms of the grant of awards and
the other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme and the Listing Rules. The decision of
the Board with respect to any matter arising under the Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision)
shall be final and binding.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   31
      Directors’ Report


      Scheme Limit — Maximum number of Shares available for award

      Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board shall not make any further award which will result in the aggregate
      number of the Shares awarded by the Board under the Share Award Scheme representing in excess of ten (10)% of the
      total number of the Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Limit”) (i.e. 85,312,480 Shares based on the
      total number of issued Shares of 853,124,800 as at the Adoption Date).

      Maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Award Scheme

      The maximum number of awarded shares that may be awarded to any Selected Employee under the Share Award
      Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the total number of the Shares in issue of the Company as at the Adoption Date (i.e.
      8,531,248 Shares based on the total number of issued Shares of 853,124,800 as at the Adoption Date).

      Granting and Vesting

      According to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, there is no specific requirement on the length of the vesting period
      of an awarded share. The Board has its absolute discretion to determine and impose any conditions in relation to
      the number of scheme shares to be awarded to the Selected Employees, the vesting dates of awarded shares (the
      “Vesting Date(s)”), and the vesting terms and conditions (such as individual performance and common key performance
      indicators) in respect of awarded shares (if any). Unless otherwise stated in the written notice in relation to the grant of
      awards, Selected Employees who are granted such awards are not required to pay any monetary consideration upon
      acceptance of the share awards.

      Subject to the terms of the Share Award Scheme and the specific terms on which an award is granted, an award held by
      the Trustee on behalf of the relevant grantee shall vest on the Vesting Date as determined by the Board in accordance
      with the Listing Rules and notified to the relevant grantee.

      Lapse

      Any awarded shares shall, to the extent not yet vested, automatically lapse forthwith in certain events, including but not
      limited to:

      —     when the Selected Employee fails to remain as an Employee on the relevant Vesting Date;

      —     when the Selected Employee fails to fulfil the vesting conditions (if any);

      —     the death of the Selected Employee before the relevant Vesting Date;

      —     when the Selected Employee’s employment with the Company, or any subsidiary, is terminated before the relevant
            Vesting Date by reason of: dishonesty or serious misconduct, violation of any of the provisions of the Group’s
            employee behavior codes; or

      —     such other events that the Board considers relevant or appropriate.




32   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report


Duration of the Share Award Scheme

The Share Award Scheme shall continue in full force and effect from the Adoption Date and expiring on the day
immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Adoption Date (both days inclusive), unless sooner terminated
by a resolution of the Board or otherwise as required under any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.
Therefore, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately 7 years and 11 months as at the date of this
annual report.

If the Scheme Limit is reached or the Scheme is terminated, the Trustee shall not purchase any Shares pursuant to the
rules of the Share Award Scheme, but such rules shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects for existing
shares under the Share Award Scheme.

Purchase of Shares

The Board may also from time to time pay to the Trustee from the Company’s resources a sum of money (the “Utilised
Profit”) as part of the trust fund and instruct the Trustee in writing to purchase Shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange at the then prevailing price as instructed and/or approved by the Board. The factors which the Board should
take into account when deciding on the Utilised Profit includes the amount of Shares proposed to be purchased, the
amount of Scheme Shares which may be granted to the Selected Employees and the related purchase expenses.

Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board may not instruct the Trustee to acquires Shares in certain
circumstances as detailed in the rules of the Share Award Scheme and where dealings in the Shares are prohibited under
any code or requirement of the Listing Rules and all applicable laws from time to time. The Company shall also comply
with the Listing Rules in relation to the restrictions on the time of grant of awards.

The Trustee and/or the Board shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any scheme shares held under the Trust in
all circumstances.

In April, November and December 2025, the Trustee purchased 2,000,000, 3,299,000 and 2,040,000 Shares,
respectively, on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the purpose of the Share Awards Scheme, funded by the
Company’s internal resources. As at 31 December 2025, the Trustee held a total of 7,487,600 Shares under the Share
Award Scheme, representing approximately 0.86% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date
of this annual report.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   33
      Directors’ Report


      Movement of the Share Awards

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company did not grant any awarded shares to employees (2024:
      13,620,000) under the Share Award Scheme. The number of awarded shares available for grant under the Share
      Award Scheme under the scheme mandate limit as at 31 December 2025 remained as 71,692,480. The total number
      of awarded shares for the Share Award Scheme limit represents 9.83% of the total number of issued shares of the
      Company as at the date of this annual report. Movement of the awarded shares under the Share Award Scheme during
      the reporting period are listed below:


                                                                        Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                   Closing
                                                                                                                                               price of the
                                                                                                                                                    Shares
                                          As at        Granted       Vested      Cancelled        Lapsed            As at                       before the
                                      1 January          during   during the         during        during    31 December                               date
                                           2025      the period       period     the period    the period           2025    Date of grant(4)       of grant   Vesting period
                                                                                                                                                      (HK$)


        Employee participants(1)
        Five highest paid            4,180,000(1)         —(1)    836,000(2)           —(3)          —(3)      3,344,000   20 September             20.85    20 September 2025 to
           individual in aggregate                                                                                             2024(1)                          20 September 2029(1)
        Continuous contract employee 9,440,000(1)         —(1)   1,739,400(2)     12,600(3)    808,000(3)      6,880,000   20 September             20.85    20 September 2025 to
            in aggregate(3)                                                                                                    2024(1)                          20 September 2029(1)


        Total                         13,620,000            —      2,575,400        12,600       808,000       10,224,000


      Notes:

      (1)       The Share Award Scheme was adopted on 21 March 2024. On 20 September 2024, a total of 13,620,000 awarded shares were granted to certain
                continuous employees of the Group, and the vesting period of the awards are as follows:

                (a)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the first anniversary of the date of grant.

                (b)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the second anniversary of the date of grant.

                (c)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the third anniversary of the date of grant.

                (d)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the fourth anniversary of the date of grant.

                (e)    20% of the Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date falling the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.

                There is no purchase/exercise price set for the Awarded Shares. For further details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company
                dated 20 September 2024.

                For the vesting conditions, in each of the aforesaid exercise period, if a Grantee’s performance appraisal result for the preceding calendar year
                before vesting date is level B or C, the Board is entitled to cancel some awarded shares in that vesting date of that Grantee; and if a Grantee’s
                performance appraisal result for the preceding calendar year before vesting date is level D, the Board is entitled to cancel all awarded shares in that
                vesting date of that Grantee.

                The Company did not grant any awarded shares to the participants during the year ended 31 December 2025.

      (2)       During the reporting period, an aggregate of 2,575,400 awards had been vested. The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
                before the dates on which the awards were vested was HK$36.82 per Share.

      (3)       During the reporting period, 12,600 awards had been cancelled, and 808,000 awards had been lapsed, respectively.




34   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report


(4)   Save as disclosed, no awarded shares were granted to any director chief executive, substantial shareholders of the Company or their respective
      associates, participants in excess of the individual limit and/or other related entity participants and/or service providers under the Share Award
      Scheme since its adoption. Other details of award shares granted by the Company, including but not limited to the fair value of the award shares at
      the date of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted, are set out in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.


The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all share schemes of the
Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue
for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 was 13.07%.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Saved for the existing arrangement under the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme mentioned above,
no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company during or at the end of the financial year ended 31
December 2025.


SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 12 to the consolidated
financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s largest
customer and the five largest customers in aggregate were approximately 98.7% and 99.9% respectively (2024: 96.9%
and 99.9% respectively).

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the percentage of the Group’s purchases attributable to the Group’s
largest supplier and the five largest suppliers in aggregate were approximately 66.1% and approximately 81.1% (2024:
approximately 50.5% and approximately 71.7% respectively) respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or any of their associates or any shareholders which to
the best knowledge of the Directors, who own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in
any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.


RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group participated in various retirement benefit schemes in accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the
Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and Korea. Particulars of the retirement benefit schemes are set out in note 20 to the
consolidated financial statements.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on the remuneration of senior
management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each Director for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       35
      Directors’ Report


      In addition to the remuneration of Directors mentioned above, the remuneration of members of the senior management
      by band for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                Number of            Number of
       Remuneration Bands:                                                                       individuals         individuals


       HK$1,000,001 (equivalent to $128,001) to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to $192,000)                    —                    2
       HK$3,000,001 (equivalent to $386,001) to HK$3,500,000 (equivalent to $451,000)                    —                    1
       HK$4,500,001 (equivalent to $578,001) to HK$5,000,000 (equivalent to $642,000)                     1                  —
       HK$8,500,001 (equivalent to $1,092,001) to HK$9,000,000 (equivalent to $1,156,000)                 4                  —


      DIRECTORS

      The Directors during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report are:

      Executive Directors

      Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)
      Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng

      Non-Executive Directors

      Mr. Chen Han-Yang
      Mr. Yang Li

      Independent non-executive Directors

      Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
      Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
      Ms. Liu Xia

      In the forthcoming AGM, Mr. Yang Li, Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Ms. Liu Xia will retire as Directors in accordance with
      Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association. All of them are eligible, and will offer themselves for re-election.


      DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

      None of the Directors offering for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
      Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than
      statutory compensation.


      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
      Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2025.




36   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report



TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party
and in which a Director (or any entity connected with a director) had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted at the end of 2025 or at any time during 2025.

In addition, save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”
below, there was no contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which
a controlling shareholder (or any of its subsidiaries) was another party, and there was no contract of significance for the
provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by its controlling shareholder (or any of its subsidiaries)
subsisted during the year ended 31 December 2025.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year, certain related party transactions as set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements also
constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules, and
are required to be disclosed in this report in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed in this
report, none of the related party transactions constitutes a continuing connected transaction or connected transaction
as defined under the Listing Rules. The disclosure of the following related party transactions has complied with the
disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The details of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions are set out below:

Connected transaction — Purchase of equipment from Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited (“Luxshare
Precision”)

On 20 March 2025, the Company entered into the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement with Luxshare Precision
Industry Co., Limited (立訊精密工業股份有限公司) (“Luxshare Precision”), a company incorporated in the Chinese
Mainland with limited liability and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002475), pursuant to which the
Group shall purchase, and Luxshare Precision and its subsidiaries (the “Luxshare Precision Group”) shall supply,
several machinery and equipment manufactured and sold by Luxshare Precision Group to the Group according to the
specification as requested by the Group include but not limited to Auto Vision Inspection-Auto Cap Attach (AVI-ACA)
automatic lines, sidefill/flex reinforcement inlines, 4-axis dispensing machine automatic lines, module automatic line,
blowers and depanelers for the production use of the Group (the “Machinery”) at a consideration of not more than
RMB98,000,000 (subject to adjustment). Delivery shall take place within 60 days (or otherwise agreed by the parties
in writing) after the execution of the relevant sub-contract(s)/order(s) and the relevant approval (if required) has been
obtained from the relevant PRC government authority, including the PRC customs authority (as the case may be). For
further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 20 March 2025.

Having considered (i) the pricing of the Machinery manufactured by the Luxshare Precision Group are generally more
favourable as compared with that of independent third party vendors; (ii) the exceptional technology capability of the
Luxshare Precision Group to develop and manufacture the Machinery with special specification as requested by the
Group from time to time to cope with its production needs; and (iii) the negotiation time and cost, as well as the delivery
time and costs, can be reduced in view of the existing friendly business cooperation among the parties and the close
geographical location of the respective operations of the Luxshare Precision Group and the Group, the Directors consider
that the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement can allow the Group to raise its production capacity efficiently to meet the
production demands in the best interest of the Group and the Shareholders.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   37
      Directors’ Report


      As at the date of the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement, Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr. Wang Laisheng, who are the
      controlling Shareholders, together were also indirectly interested in approximately 37.71% of the equity interests, and
      Mr. Wang Laisheng was also directly interested in approximately 0.21% equity interests, of Luxshare Precision. Hence,
      Luxshare Precision is an associate (as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr.
      Wang Laisheng and a connected person of the Group. As such, the transaction contemplated under the 2025 Machinery
      Purchase Agreement constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      Pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules, a series of connected transactions will be aggregated and treated as if they
      were one transaction if they were all entered into or completed within a 12-month period or were otherwise related. The
      Company had entered into the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement with Luxshare Precision on 31 May 2024, details of
      which were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 31 May 2024. As Luxshare Precision is the counterparty
      to each of the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement and the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated under the two agreements are of the same nature, the 2024 Machinery Purchase Agreement and the 2025
      Machinery Purchase Agreement shall be aggregated as if they were one transaction.

      As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions
      contemplated under the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement (after aggregation with the 2024 Machinery Purchase
      Agreement) are more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions under the 2025 Machinery Purchase Agreement are
      subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempt from the Independent Shareholders’ approval
      requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the 2025 Machinery Purchase
      Agreement was approximately US$5,654,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB40,273,000).

      Connected transaction — Sale of equipment to Luxvisions Innovation Technology Corp. Limited (formerly
      known as Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (廣州立景創新科技有限公司)) (“LITCL”)

      On 29 September 2025, the Company entered into the “2025 Machinery Sale Agreement” to Luxvisions Innovation
      Technology Corp. Limited (formerly known as Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (廣州立景創新科
      技有限公司) (“LITCL”), pursuant to which the Group shall sell, and LITCL Group shall purchase, several machinery and
      equipment and sold to LITCL Group. The machinery, equipment and/or auxiliary tools according to the specification
      requested by the LITCL Group for the production use of the LITCL Group, including but not limited to vacuum plasma
      surface treatment equipment, cleaning machines, welding systems, MTF (Modulation Transfer Function) measuring
      instruments, automatic die bonders at a consideration of not more than RMB30,000,000 (subject to adjustment).
      Delivery shall take place within 60 days (or otherwise agreed by the parties in writing) after the execution of the relevant
      sub-contract(s)/order(s) and the relevant approval (if required) has been obtained from the relevant PRC government
      authority, including the PRC customs authority (as the case may be). For further details, please refer to the announcement
      of the Company dated 29 September 2025.

      The consideration for the sale of the machinery was determined based on arm’s length negotiations between the parties
      and with reference to, among others, the unaudited net book value of the machinery as at 31 August 2025, depreciation
      of the Machinery to be accrued up to delivery, working conditions of the machinery and current market value of
      Machinery of similar capability. In line with the Group’s commitment to technological advancement, operational efficiency,
      and the highest quality standards for our products, the sale of the surplus and underutilized machinery allows the Group
      to optimize resources allocation, reduce unnecessary maintenance costs and reallocate capital towards more advanced
      equipment. The sale also ensures that valuable resources can continue to be utilized efficiently. Having considered all
      relevant factors, the Directors consider that the Machinery Sale Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereunder
      are entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and on normal commercial terms after arm’s
      length negotiations between the parties, and the terms thereof (including the consideration) are fair and reasonable and in
      the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


38   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report


LITCL is a company incorporated in the Chinese Mainland and a controlling shareholder of the Company through
Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“LITL”), its wholly-owned subsidiary. As at the date of the Machinery
Sale Agreement, LITCL is owned as to approximately 48.06% by Luxvisions Innovation Limited (“LIL”), a company
incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability which is owned as to approximately 56.34% by Mr. Wang Laixi and
43.66% by Luxsan Limited (“Luxsan”). Luxsan is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned
as to by Ms. Wang Laichun (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi), Mr. Wang Laisheng (an elder brother of Mr. Wang Laixi)
and Ms. Wang Laijiao (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi) as to 34%, 33% and 33% respectively. LITCL is a connected
person of the Company and the transaction contemplated under the 2025 Machinery Sale Agreement constitutes
connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios
stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transaction contemplated under the 2025 Machinery
Sale Agreement are more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transaction under the 2025 Machinery Sale Agreement are
subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempt from the independent Shareholders’ approval
requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the 2025 Machinery Sale Agreement
was approximately US$1,955,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB13,905,000).

Continuing connected transaction — Supply framework agreement in respect of the supply of customized
products and/or materials to LITCL

On 27 December 2024, the Company and LITCL entered into a Supply Framework Agreement for a term from 1 January
2025 to 31 December 2027 in relation to the supply of customized products and/or materials by the Group to the
LITCL according to the specifications as provided by the LITCL Group, including but not limited to optical glass, optical
adhesive, optical coating and related materials or parts in relation to the production of the LITCL Group. The parties shall
execute separate orders in accordance with the terms of the Supply Framework Agreement setting out, among others,
the specifications and quantity of the products required and delivery schedules, and must comply with the terms of the
Listing Rules and applicable laws. Pursuant to the Supply Framework Agreement, the Group will determine the selling
prices of the relevant products based on arm’s length negotiations of the parties with reference to, and generally shall
not be lower than, prices charged by the Group to other independent third party customers of the relevant products of
same or similar specifications, which represents the then prevailing market prices. The Board believes that supply and
sale of the relevant products to the LITCL Group can help create synergy of the parties as it can raise the profile of the
relevant products, enhance the products’ penetration into new markets, expand the source of revenue and improve the
profitability for the Group, as well as to facilitate the production of the LITCL Group and enhance the competitiveness of
their products. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 27 December 2024.

On 29 September 2025, as a result of the unexpected increase in demand for our relevant products, the Company
entered into the Supplemental Supply Framework Agreement with LITCL to revise the 2025 annual cap from
RMB36,000,000 to RMB50,000,000, the 2026 annual cap from RMB43,200,000 to RMB305,500,000 and the 2027
annual cap from RMB51,840,000 to RMB444,600,000. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 29 September 2025.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   39
      Directors’ Report


      As at the date of this report, LITCL is owned as to approximately 48.06% by LIL, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with
      limited liability which is owned as to approximately 56.342% by Mr. Wang Laixi and 43.659% by Luxsan. Luxsan is a company
      incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to by Ms. Wang Laichun (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi), Mr.
      Wang Laisheng (an elder brother of Mr. Wang Laixi) and Ms. Wang Laijiao (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi) as to 34%, 33%
      and 33% respectively. LITCL is a connected person of the Company and the transactions contemplated under the supply
      framework agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
      As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated
      under the Supply Framework Agreement are more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions under the Supply Framework
      Agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempt from the independent Shareholders’
      approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the supply framework agreement
      was approximately US$6,988,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB49,834,000) (2024: US$2,950,000, equivalent to
      approximately RMB20,980,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB50,000,000
      (2024: RMB64,000,000).

      Continuing connected transaction — Purchase framework agreement in respect of the purchase of
      customized products from Luxshare Precision

      On 29 December 2022, the Company entered into the New Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision for
      the supply of the products by the Luxshare Precision Group to the Group according to the specifications as requested by
      the Group, including but not limited to front and rear facing cameras of smartphones and cameras of tablets in relation
      to the production of the Group (the “Products”) from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. The parties shall execute
      separate orders in accordance with the terms of the New Purchase Framework Agreement setting out, among others,
      the specifications and quantity of the Products required and delivery schedules, and must comply with the terms of the
      Listing Rules and applicable laws. Selling prices of the Products shall be determined with reference to, and generally shall
      not be lower than, prices charged by the Luxshare Precision Group to other independent third party customers of the
      Products of same or similar specifications, which represents the then prevailing market prices. For further details, please
      refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2022.

      On 19 April 2023, the Company entered into the Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare
      Precision to, among others, extend the term of the agreement to 31 December 2025, with the 2024 annual cap and
      the 2025 annual cap being US$61,776,000 and US$80,352,000, respectively. For further details, please refer to the
      announcement of the Company dated 19 April 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 8 June 2023.

      On 17 July 2024, the Company entered into the Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare
      Precision to revise the 2024 annual cap from US$61,776,000 to US$260,000,000 and the 2025 annual cap from
      US$80,352,000 to US$360,000,000. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 17
      July 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August 2024.

      The Group has been purchasing the relevant products from Luxshare Precision Group for its production and that the relevant
      products are of high quality and a friendly business relationship was established among the parties. The Board believes that
      it is in the benefit of the Group to enter into the New Purchase Framework Agreement (and the subsequent supplemental
      agreements and renewal agreements) to save time and costs in sourcing and negotiating with multiple suppliers, which will
      then enhance the operational efficiency of the Group. As Luxshare Precision is an associate (as defined under Chapter 14A
      of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Wang Laichun and Mr. Wang Laisheng and a connected person of the Group. As such, the




40   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report


transactions contemplated under the New Purchase Framework Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the Second
Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement) constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of
the highest annual cap under the Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement is more than 5%, the transactions
contemplated thereunder constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company and were subject to
the reporting, announcement, annual review and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules. The Second Supplemental Purchase Framework Agreement was approved by the independent
shareholders of the Company on 29 August 2024.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the New Purchase Framework
Agreement was approximately US$280,256,000 (2024: US$217,442,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended
31 December 2025 was US$360,000,000 (2024: US$260,000,000).

On 29 September 2025, the Company entered into the 2026 Purchase Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision,
pursuant to which the Group shall purchase certain products including but not limited to voice coil motors and
automated machines from the Luxshare Precision Group (excluding Time Interconnect Technology Limited (匯聚科技
有限公司) (“Time Interconnect”) (stock code: 1729), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Luxshare Precision, and its
subsidiaries (together collectively as the “Time Interconnect Group”)) according to the specifications as requested by
the Group from time to time in relation to its production from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028, unless otherwise
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Purchase Framework Agreement. The parties shall execute
separate orders in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Purchase Framework Agreement setting out, among others,
the specifications and quantity of the products required and delivery schedules, and must comply with the Listing
Rules and applicable laws. Selling prices of the products shall be determined after arm’s length negotiations between
the parties with reference to the price sold by independent third party vendors or the prices charged by the Luxshare
Precision Group (excluding the Time Interconnect Group) to other independent third party customers of the products of
same or similar specifications, which represents the then prevailing market rates, and taking into account factors such as
technical specifications, purchase quantity and additional customization requirements.

Pursuant to the 2026 Purchase Framework Agreement, the annual cap for each of the three years ending 31 December
2028 is expected to be not more than RMB3,027.20 million, RMB3,330.00 million and RMB3,663.00 million (which
are equivalent to approximately US$422.35 million, US$464.60 million and US$511.06 million), respectively. For further
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 September 2025 and the circular of the Company
dated 3 November 2025.

Continuing connected transaction — Materials procurement framework agreement in respect of the
purchase of customized products from LITCL

On 29 December 2022, the Company entered into the New Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with LITCL
for the supply of materials by the LITCL Group to the Group according to the specifications as requested by the Group,
including but not limited to circuit board assembly (including LIDAR printed circuit board assembly) and related raw
materials, stores, consumables and other materials in relation to the production of the Group from 1 January 2023 to 31
December 2023. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2022.

On 19 April 2023, the Company entered into the Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with LITCL
to revise the 2023 annual cap from RMB70,000,000 to RMB73,000,000 and to extend the term of the agreement to
31 December 2025. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 April 2023 and the
circular of the Company dated 8 June 2023.



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   41
      Directors’ Report


      On 10 November 2023, the Company entered into the Second Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework
      Agreement with LITCL to further revise the 2023 annual cap from RMB73,000,000 to RMB123,000,000. For further
      details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 November 2023 and the circular of the Company
      dated 5 December 2023.

      On 17 July 2024, the Company entered into the Third Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with
      LITCL to further revise the 2024 annual cap from RMB133,000,000 to RMB195,000,000. For further details, please refer
      to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August 2024.

      The Group has been purchasing the relevant materials from LITCL Group for its production and that the relevant materials
      are of high quality and a friendly business relationship was established among the parties. The Board believes that it is
      in the benefit of the Group to enter into the New Materials Procurement Framework Agreement (and the subsequent
      supplemental agreements and renewal agreements) to save time and costs in sourcing and negotiating with multiple
      suppliers, which will then enhance the operational efficiency of the Group.

      As LITCL is a controlling shareholder of the Company, it is a connected person of the Company and the transactions
      contemplated under the New Materials Procurement Framework Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the
      Third Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework Agreement) constitute continuing connected transactions of the
      Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of
      the Listing Rules in respect of the highest annual cap under the Third Supplemental Materials Procurement Framework
      Agreement is more than 5%, the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute non-exempt continuing connected
      transactions of the Company and were subject to the reporting, announcement, annual review and Independent
      Shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Third Supplemental Materials
      Procurement Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on 29 August
      2024.

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the New Materials Procurement
      Framework Agreement was approximately US$11,947,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB85,348,000) (2024:
      US$19,678,000 equivalent to approximately RMB139,869,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31
      December 2025 was RMB199,000,000 (2024: RMB195,000,000).

      On 29 September 2025, the Company entered into the 2026 Materials Procurement Framework Agreement with LITCL,
      pursuant to which the Group shall purchase certain materials including but not limited to circuit board assembly (including
      LIDAR printed circuit board assembly) and related raw materials, stores, consumables and other materials in relation to
      the production of the Group from the LITCL Group according to the specifications as requested by the Group from time
      to time in relation to its production from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028, unless otherwise terminated earlier in
      accordance with the terms of the 2026 Materials Procurement Framework Agreement. The parties shall execute separate
      orders in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Materials Procurement Framework Agreement setting out, among
      others, the specifications and quantity of the materials required and delivery schedules, and must comply with the Listing
      Rules and applicable laws. Selling prices of the materials shall be determined after arm’s length negotiations between
      the parties with reference to the prices charged by the LITCL Group to other independent third party customers of the
      materials of same or similar specifications, which represents the then prevailing market rates, and taking into account
      factors such as technical specifications, purchase quantity and additional customization requirements.

      Pursuant to the 2026 Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, the annual cap for each of the three years ending
      31 December 2028 is expected to be not more than RMB95 million, RMB100 million and RMB110 million respectively.
      For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 September 2025 and the circular of the
      Company dated 3 November 2025.


42   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report


Continuing connected transactions — Labour framework agreements in respect of the provision and receipt
of labour services to and from Luxshare Precision and LITCL

On 27 December 2024, the Company and Luxshare Precision entered into (i) the LP Provision of Labour Services
Framework Agreement for the provision of labour services by the Group to the Luxshare Precision Group; and (ii) the
LP Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the receipt of labour services by the Group from the Luxshare
Precision Group, in connection with the support of the business operation, research and development and production
aspects of the Group and the Luxshare Precision Group. On the same date, the Company and LITCL entered into (i) GZL
Provision of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the provision of labour services by the Group to the LITCL Group;
and (ii) the GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement for the receipt of labour services by the Group from
the LITCL Group in connection with the support of the business operation, research and development and production
aspects of the Group and the LITCL Group. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
27 December 2024.

Each of Luxshare Precision and LITCL is a connected person of the Company and the transactions contemplated under
each of the aforementioned Labour Services Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The service fees payable by the Group are determined on the basis of the costs and expenses for providing such labour
supporting services according to the techniques and experience required for the relevant work tasks, plus a service
markup of 6% of such costs and expenses.

While all of the applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of each of the LP
Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreements and the GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreements
are less than 0.1% and hence the transactions contemplated thereunder are de minimis transactions of the Company
under the Listing Rules, more than one applicable percentage ratios stipulated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules
in respect of each of the LP Provision of Labour Services Framework Agreements and the GZL Provision of Labour
Services Framework Agreements (and after aggregation with other Labour Services Framework Agreements) are more
than 0.1% but less than 5%. Accordingly, on an aggregated basis, each of the Labour Services Framework Agreements
is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but is exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, (i) the total actual transaction amount under the LP Provision of Labour
Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$1,562,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB11,171,000)
(2024: US$1,113,000. equivalent to approximately RMB7,913,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31
December 2025 was RMB18,000,000 (2024: RMB15,000,000) (ii) the total actual transaction amount under the LP
Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$1,888,000 (2024: USD548,000) and the
annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was USD2,280,000 (2024: USD550,000); (iii) the total actual
transaction amount under GZL Provision of Labour Services Framework Agreement was approximately US$2,161,000
(equivalent to approximately RMB15,472,000) (2024: USD1,952,000, equivalent to approximately RMB13,885,000) and
the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB29,000,000 (2024: RMB17,000,000); and (iv)
the total actual transaction amount under GZL Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement was approximately
US$128,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB915,000) (2024: USD130,000, equivalent to approximately RMB925,000)
and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB1,200,000 (2024: RMB1,000,000).

As the term under the LP Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement was due to expire on 31 December 2025,
on 29 December 2025, the Company entered into the new LP Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement with
Luxshare Precision, to extend the term under the aforementioned agreement to 31 December 2028 to receive the Group


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   43
      Directors’ Report


      from the Luxshare Precision Group (excluding the Time Interconnect Group) labour supporting services, including but not
      limited to labour of certain non-key positions in connection with the equipment and system maintenance and technical
      consulting services, as required by the Group from time to time. The service fees payable by the Group are determined
      on the basis of the costs and expenses for providing such labour supporting services according to the techniques and
      experience required for the relevant work tasks, plus a service markup of 6% of such costs and expenses.

      The LP Provision of Labour Services Framework Agreement and the GZL Provision of Labour Services Framework
      Agreement serve as the framework to save the negotiation time and cost for the supply of labour services by the Group
      to the Luxshare Precision Group and the LITCL Group, utilize the Group’s part of surplus labour/production capacity
      to optimize our labour utilisation and production capacity and broaden the revenue base of the Group. On the other
      hand, having considered that (i) the exceptional technological capabilities of the Luxshare Precision Group and labour
      with relevant technical and operational skills in the maintenance of automated equipment and system which would be
      required during the automation process of the Group; and (ii) the LP Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement
      can allow the Group to operate efficiently with additional labour services from skilled and experienced labour with relevant
      technical and operational skills as and when needed while saving the costs and time to search for, hire and handle
      the direct employment of the relevant talents in the long run when the actual demand of such labour services is yet to
      ascertain and/or no suitable candidates are readily available, the entering of the aforementioned agreements can allow
      the Group to continue the cooperation based on the principal terms and pricing policies thereto subject to the proposed
      annual caps without incurring substantial negotiation time and costs among the parties to effect the aforementioned
      transactions.

      Pursuant to the new LP Receipt of Labour Services Framework Agreement, the annual cap for each of the three financial
      years ending 31 December 2028 is expected to be denominated in RMB (instead of US$), and RMB18.1 million,
      RMB19.9 million and RMB21.9 million (which are, for reference, equivalent to approximately US$2.56 million, US$2.82
      million and US$3.10 million), respectively. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29
      December 2025.

      Continuing connected transaction — Supply framework agreement in respect of the supply of customized
      products to Suteng

      On 19 April 2023, Dongguan Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited (“Luxsense”), a subsidiary owned as to 51% by
      the Company, entered into the ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng Innovation Technology Company Limited
      (“Suteng”) for a term from 20 April 2023 to 31 December 2025 for supply the LS Products to Suteng. The ST Supply
      Framework Agreement (and the supplemental agreements detailed below) can provide a framework for the long-term
      supply of the LS Products to the Suteng Group by the Group on a non-exclusive basis and will help reduce negotiation
      time and costs among the parties. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 April
      2023 and the circular of the Company dated 8 June 2023.

      On 10 November 2023, Luxsense entered into the Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng to revise
      the 2023 annual cap from RMB211,000,000 to RMB400,000,000. For further details, please refer to the announcement
      of the Company dated 10 November 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 5 December 2023.

      On 17 July 2024, Luxsense entered into the Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement with Suteng
      to revise the 2024 annual cap from RMB414,000,000 to RMB580,000,000. For further details, please refer to the
      announcement of the Company dated 17 July 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 14 August 2024.




44   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report


Suteng is interested in 49% of the equity interest of Luxsense since February 2023 and is therefore a connected person
at the subsidiary level of the Group. It is wholly-owned by RoboSense HongKong Limited. As such, the transactions
contemplated under the Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios stipulated
under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the proposed 2024 or the highest annual cap under the Second
Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement is more than 5%, the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute
non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company and are subject to the reporting, announcement,
annual review and independent shareholders’ approval requirement as set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
The Second Supplemental ST Supply Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the
Company on 29 August 2024.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total actual transaction amount under the ST Supply Framework
Agreement was approximately US$36,531,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB261,356,000) (2024: US$71,329,000,
equivalent to approximately RMB506,796,000) and the annual cap amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was
RMB634,000,000 (2024: RMB580,000,000).

Annual review of the continuing connected transactions

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and confirmed
that the transactions have been entered into:

a.   In the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

b.   According to normal commercial terms or terms better to the Group than terms available to or from, as appropriate,
     independent third parties;

c.   According to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
     Company’s shareholders as a whole; and

d.   The total annual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 has not exceeded the respective
     annual cap.

The Directors confirmed that the auditors of the Company have confirmed the matters set out in Listing Rule 14A.56.

The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagement Other than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the
continuing connected transactions disclosed above in accordance with Listing Rule 14A.56.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the material related party transactions undertaken by the Group in its normal course of business are set out in
note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   45
      Directors’ Report



      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

      As at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors is interested in any business, apart from the Group’s businesses, which
      competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.


      DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
      IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
      ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

      As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
      Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
      XV of the SFO which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
      Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed to have
      under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
      SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
      were as follows:

      (a)   Long position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company


                                                                                                                       Number of            Approximate
                                                                                                                        Shares or         percentage of
                                                                                                                       underlying          shareholding
              Name of Director        Title                                      Nature of interest                         Shares                interest


              Meng Yan                Executive Director, Chairman               Beneficial interest (Note)              1,992,000                     0.23
              Wu Ying-Cheng           Executive Director, Chief executive        Beneficial interest (Note)              1,263,000                     0.15
                                         officer and Chief financial officer
              Chen Han-Yang           Non-executive Director                     Beneficial interest (Note)              1,000,000                     0.12
              Yang Li                 Non-executive Director                     Beneficial interest (Note)                560,000                     0.06


            Note: These interests represented the interests in underlying shares in respect of the share options granted by the Company to the Directors under
                  the Share Option Scheme.




46   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report


(b)   Long position in the shares and underlying shares of associated corporation(s)


                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage
                                                                                                           Number of           of aggregate
                                                                                                             shares or      interests to the
                                                                                                           underlying       total number of
       Name                     Title                                        Nature of interest                 shares       share in issue


       Mr. Meng Yan             Executive Director, Chairman             Beneficial interest (Note)        14,773,575                  1.07%
       Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng        Executive Director, Chief executive      Beneficial interest (Note)          3,161,875                 0.23%
                                  officer and Chief financial officer
       Mr. Chen Han-Yang        Non-executive Director                   Beneficial interest (Note)          6,632,732                 0.48%
       Mr. Yang Li              Non-executive Director                   Beneficial interest (Note)          7,121,694                 0.52%


      Note: These interests represented the interests in underlying shares of the share awards granted by Luxvisions Innovation Technology Corp.
            Limited (“LITCL”) (formerly known as Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited), an intermediate holding company of the
            Company.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which (a) were required to be notified
to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER
PERSONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had
interests or short positions in the Shares or relevant Shares which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      47
      Directors’ Report


      Interest of substantial shareholders


                                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                           Number of Shares or                   shareholding
        Name of shareholder                                           Nature of interest                       underlying Shares                      interest(2)


        Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited(1)                   Beneficial interest                              607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                                                                       551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        Mr. Wang Laichun(1)                                           Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        Mr. Wang Laisheng(1)                                          Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        Ms. Wang Laijiao(1)                                           Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        Mr. Wang Laixi(1)                                             Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                                                                       551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        Luxsan(1)                                                     Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        LIL(1)                                                        Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


        LITCL(1)                                                      Interest in a controlled                         607,455,760                   69.97% (L)
                                                                         corporation                                   551,229,760                 63.49% (S)(3)


      (1)        Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited (“LITL”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                 Luxvisions Innovation Technology Corp. Limited (“LITCL”), which is a company incorporated in the Chinese Mainland. LITCL is owned as to
                 approximately 48.06% by Luxvisions Innovation Limited (“LIL”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, which in turn is owned
                 as to approximately 56.342% by Mr. Wang Laixi and 43.659% by Luxsan Limited (“Luxsan”). Luxsan is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with
                 limited liability and owned as to by Ms. Wang Laichun (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi), Mr. Wang Laisheng (an elder brother of Mr. Wang Laixi)
                 and Ms. Wang Laijiao (an elder sister of Mr. Wang Laixi) as to 34%, 33% and 33% respectively. Each of Ms. Wang Laichun, Mr. Wang Laisheng,
                 Ms. Wang Laijiao, Mr. Wang Laixi, Luxsan, LIL and LITCL is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares held by LITL for the purposes of the
                 SFO.

      (2)        As at 31 December 2025, the total number of issued shares of the Company was 868,165,800 ordinary shares. (L) denotes long position, and (S)
                 denotes short position.

      (3)        LITL has pledged an aggregate of 551,229,760 Shares in favour of a licensed bank in Hong Kong as security for its banking facilities granted by the
                 said bank, representing approximately 63.49% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any person (other than Directors or
      chief executive and substantial shareholders of the Company the interests of which were disclosed above) who had an
      interest or short position in the securities of the Company that were required to be entered in the register of the Company
      pursuant to section 336 of the SFO as at 31 December 2025.


48   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, during the
financial year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report, there has been sufficient public float of more
than 25% of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.


EVENTS AFTER THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

Save as disclosed above, there were no significant events affecting the Company nor any of its subsidiaries after the
financial year ended 31 December 2025 requiring disclosure in this report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report”
section on pages 52 to 81 of this annual report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and KPMG, the Company’s auditor, the accounting
principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2025.


AUDITOR

KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the reappointment of KPMG as the
Company’s auditors is to be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. The Company confirmed that there is no disagreement
with the audit committee on such reappointment. The Company did not change its auditor in the preceding three years.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES

The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. We strive to minimize our
environmental impact by saving electricity and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

For more details of the policies of environmental responsibility and sustainability, please refer to the standalone “2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published by the Company.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2025, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach of or
non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   49
      Directors’ Report



      FINANCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s total revenue increased by approximately 40.3% to US$3,500.1
      million (2024: US$2,494.3 million). Profit for this year increased by approximately 61.9% to approximately US$194.9
      million (2024: US$120.4 million). Net profit margin was 5.6% (2024: 4.8%) for the year ended 31 December 2025.
      Earnings per share were approximately US$0.23 (2024: US$0.14).

      Overall revenue increase was mainly due to increased orders including orders for new rear-end camera modules from
      customers.

      The Group financial position still remained solid. The Group was able to generate positive operating cashflows for the
      year ended 31 December 2025 which amounted to US$316.3 million (2024: US$64.1 million).

      Average inventory turnover days of the Group were 31.8 days for 2025, which is lower than the 37.2 days for 2024.
      Average turnover days of trade receivables increased to 51.3 days for the year ended 31 December 2025 as compared
      to 40.8 days for the year ended 31 December 2024. Average trade payable turnover days were 62.1 days for the year
      ended 31 December 2025 as compared with 56.8 days for the year ended 31 December 2024.


      KEY RELATIONSHIPS

      (i)     Employees

              Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development
              of its employees as highly important. The Group wants to continue to be an attractive employer for committed
              employees.

              The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and
              improvement of their skills. The Group provides on-the-job training and development opportunities to our staff
              members.

              In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to our employees. The Group has also adopted
              the Share Option Scheme and Share Award Scheme to recognize and reward the contribution of the employees to
              the growth and development of the Group.

      (ii)    Suppliers

              We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of our suppliers and take a great care to ensure
              that they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We carefully select our suppliers and require them to satisfy
              certain assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

      (iii)   Customers

              We are committed to offer quality services to our customers. We also stay connected with our customers and keep
              them updated of our latest business developments.

              Details of principal risks are set out in corporate governance report and details of future development is set out in
              management discussion and analysis.



50   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                      Directors’ Report



CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent
non-executive Directors are independent.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

The Articles of Associations provide that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified
out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director or other officer
of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is
acquitted.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and
senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.



On behalf of the Board
Cowell e Holdings Inc.




Meng Yan
Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 March 2026




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   51
      Corporate Governance Report

      The Company believes that maintaining high standards of corporate governance is the foundation for effective
      management and successful business growth. The Company is committed to developing and maintaining robust
      corporate governance practices to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value,
      accountability and transparency of the Company.

      The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate
      Governance Report (the “CG Code”) set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s
      corporate governance practices. The CG Code has been applicable to the Company with effect from the Listing Date.
      Throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the publication date of this annual report, the
      Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code. The latest amendments to the CG Code
      as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules came into effect on 1 July 2025 and the new requirements under the CG
      Code will apply to corporate governance reports and annual reports for financial year commencing on or after 1 July
      2025.


      SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in the securities of the
      Company.

      The Company, after making specific inquiries to all Directors, confirmed that all of them have complied with the required
      standards in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2025.


      THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      Board Responsibilities

      The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance structure, and is responsible for the overall strategic
      leadership and planning of the Company. All important matters of the Company are reserved for the Board’s decision
      and the Board retains the authority of deciding such matters, including formulating and monitoring the Company’s long
      term strategies and policy matters, reviewing financial performance, approving annual budgets, monitoring and reviewing
      internal control and risk management systems, assuming responsibility for the corporate governance of the Company,
      and upholding the core values and culture of the Company. For details of our values and strategies, please refer to the
      section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

      Delegation by the Board

      The Board relies on management for the day-to-day operation of the Company’s business, and has delegated the
      authority and responsibility for the daily management, administration and operation of the Group as well as the
      implementation of the Board’s policies and strategies to the senior management of the Group. The Board and senior
      management fully appreciate their respective responsibilities, and they complement each other in formulating and
      maintaining higher standards of corporate governance practices of the Company.

      Board Composition

      The Board is structured with a view to ensuring that it is of high caliber and has a balance of skills and experience
      appropriate for the needs of the Company’s business. The Board comprises seven members, consisting of two executive
      Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors as set out below.


52   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report


Executive Directors

Mr. Meng Yan (Chairman)
Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Chen Han-Yang
Mr. Yang Li

Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh
Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung
Ms. Liu Xia

Further description of the biographical details and backgrounds of the Board members are set out under the section
headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. A list of the Directors is available on the designated
website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the website of the Company.

There is no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships among the Directors.

Executive Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term for three
years commencing from 15 January 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 15 January 2024.

Under the Articles of Association, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to
retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual
general meeting at which he retires.

Non-Executive Directors

Each of the non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term for three
years commencing from 1 March 2021 and renewed his appointment for next three years from 1 March 2024. Under the
Articles of Association, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by
rotation at least once every three years. Retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the annual general meeting at
which he retires.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung have entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial
term of three years commencing from 15 January 2021 and renewed their appointment for next three years from 15
January 2024 and Ms. Liu Xia has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years
commencing from 26 July 2021 and renewed her appointment for next three years from 24 July 2024. The Company
has three Independent non-executive Directors and the Audit Committee comprises of three members (who are all
independent non-executive Directors) and therefore the Company is in compliance with the requirements under Rules
3.10(1) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   53
      Corporate Governance Report


      Independent non-executive Directors play an important role in the Board by bringing independent judgment and advice
      and through scrutiny of the Company’s performance. During the year ended 31 December 2025, save as disclosed
      above, the Company was in compliance with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
      of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing the appropriate professional
      qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Company had also complied with Rule 3.10A
      of the Listing Rules which requires that independent non-executive Directors appointed must represent at least one-third
      of the Board.

      As at 31 December 2025, none of the independent non-executive Directors has served the Company for more than nine
      years, or has held seven or more listed company directorship.

      Each of the independent non-executive Directors had confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
      Listing Rules, and the Company considered each of them to be independent with reference to the criteria set out in Rule
      3.13 of the Listing Rules.

      The Board will continue to review and consider whether there are any circumstances that are likely to affect the
      independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


      CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

      Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the role of chairman and the chief executive should be segregated
      and should not be performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had a
      separate chairman and chief executive.

      The Directors consider that the Company had fully complied with the applicable code provisions as set out in the
      Corporate Governance Code as contained in Appendix C1 during the year ended 31 December 2025.


      APPOINTMENT, RETIREMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

      The Articles of Association provide that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only
      until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Any
      Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following general
      meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

      At each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the current Directors should retire from office by rotation,
      provided that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at
      least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.

      Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect an individual as an independent non-executive Director at the general
      meeting, it should set out in the circular to the Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice
      of the relevant general meeting (i) if an independent non-executive Director to be re-elected has served more than nine
      years, why the Board believes the individual would still be independent and should be re-elected, or (ii) if the proposed
      independent non-executive Director will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company directorship, why the Board
      believes the individual would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board’s structure, size and composition and making
      recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and succession planning of
      Directors.

54   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

The Directors have been provided with relevant training to ensure that they fully understand their responsibilities, duties
and obligations as directors of a listed company.

Pursuant to the Code Provision C.1.4, the Company has received from the below directors, being all Directors during the
year ended 31 December 2025, a record of the training they received for the year.

                                                                                                        Attend seminars/
                                                                                                             conference/
 Directors                                                                      Reading materials             workshops


 Executive Directors
 Meng Yan                                                                                        √                      √
 Wu Ying-Cheng                                                                                   √                      √


 Non-Executive Directors
 Chen Han-Yang                                                                                   √                      √
 Yang Li                                                                                         √                      √


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Su Yen-Hsueh                                                                                    √                      √
 Tsai Chen-Lung                                                                                  √                      √
 Liu Xia                                                                                         √                      √


The Directors will continue to be updated by the Company on any changes or developments affecting their obligations as
directors of a listed company.


BOARD MEETINGS

During the year, the Board held a total of six Board meetings. Notice of regular Board meetings is given to each Director
at least 14 days before the meeting. The agenda and the relevant board papers were circulated to each Director at least
three days before regular Board meetings to enable them to make informed decisions at the meeting.


ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF BOARD AND GENERAL MEETINGS

Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code requires that at least four regular Board meetings should be held each year at
approximately quarterly intervals, with active participation of a majority of directors, either in person or through other
electronic means of communication.

The Board intends to hold Board meetings regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Other
Board meetings will be held if necessary.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   55
      Corporate Governance Report


      Details of Directors’ attendance records during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                  Meetings Attended/Held
                                                              Audit    Remuneration      Nomination
       Directors                               Board      Committee       Committee      Committee     2025 AGM       2025 EGM


       Executive Directors
       Meng Yan                                   6/6           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1
       Wu Ying-Cheng                              5/6           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1


       Non-Executive Directors
       Chen Han-Yang                              6/6           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1
       Yang Li                                    6/6           N/A             N/A             N/A          1/1            1/1


       Independent Non-Executive Directors
       Su Yen-Hsueh                               6/6           2/2             1/1             2/2          1/1            1/1
       Tsai Chen-Lung                             5/6           2/2             1/1             2/2          1/1            1/1
       Liu Xia                                    6/6           2/2             1/1             2/2          1/1            1/1


      The date of each meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend the meeting. Draft notice and agenda
      were sent to all Directors at least 3 days prior to the meeting. Management also supplies the Board and its committees
      with sufficient information and explanations so as to enable them to make an informed assessment of financial and other
      information out before the Board and its committee for approval. Management is also invited to join Board Meetings
      where appropriate.

      If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter before the Board, the matter will be dealt with in accordance with
      applicable rules and regulations and, if appropriate, an independent board committee will be set up to deal with the
      matter. The interested Director shall abstain from voting when appropriate.

      The chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of
      other directors pursuant to code provision C.2.7 of the CG Code during the year ended 31 December 2025.


      INDEPENDENT VIEWS

      To ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board, the Company has maintained various measures
      and mechanisms. In compliance with Code provisions C.5.6 and C.5.9 under part 2 of Appendix C1 (formerly Appendix
      14) of the Listing Rules, the Board and its committees are provided with adequate and update information and have
      separate and independent access to the senior management of the Company for purpose of making informed decisions.
      In particular, all members of the Board are entitled to have timely access to the information of the Group (including but
      not limited to management accounts, financial information, operational results and statistics, and other relevant industry
      and market information, statistics and forecasts), as well as assistance of the Company Secretary and professionals such
      as independent financial advisers and legal counsels if necessary at the expense of the Company. Furthermore, the audit
      committee of the Company is also entitled to contact, and has discussed with, external auditors of the Company on an
      annual basis to discharge its duties. Our Board members are also encouraged to seek inputs from other stakeholders
      such as suppliers, employees and as well as investors (via the investor relations channels) in appropriate circumstances
      to ensure that different views and expectations are taken into account in the decision-making process to the extent
      appropriate.



56   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report


The implementation and effectiveness of the relevant measures and mechanisms are reviewed by the Board on an
annual basis. The Board is satisfied that there are effective and sufficient formal or informal channels in place to ensure
that independent views and input are reached at the Board level.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three Board committees to oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, namely the
Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board
committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference. The independent non-executive Directors,
as members of the various Board committees, bring their range of experiences and expertise and provide objective
perspectives to them. The Board has provided the Board committees with sufficient resources to discharge their duties,
and the Board committees may seek independent professional advice as and when required at the Company’s expense.
The Board also assumes the responsibilities for corporate governance duties as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the
CG Code, including among others, reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, and
reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is currently
chaired by Ms. Liu Xia, and its other members are Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung.

The primary functions of the Audit Committee include the following:

•    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors, and
     to approve remuneration and terms of such engagement;

•    reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit
     process in accordance with applicable standards;

•    discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit
     commences;

•    developing and implementing policy on engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services;

•    monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and annual report and accounts, half-yearly reports
     and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial reporting opinions contained in
     them;

•    reviewing the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems and discussing the
     internal control system with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to have an effective
     internal control system;

•    reviewing continuing connected transactions, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

•    considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated by the
     Board or on the Audit Committee’s own initiative, as well as management’s response to these findings;




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   57
      Corporate Governance Report


      •     establishing a whistleblowing policy and system for employees and those who deal with Company to raise
            concerns, in confidence and anonymity;

      •     establishing and reviewing the anti-corruption policy and system of the Group, and ensuring that the anti-corruption
            policy and system remain adequate of any applicable legislation including in China and Hong Kong; and

      •     reviewing the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, Audit Committee reviewed the annual report and annual results
      announcement for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and the interim report and interim results announcement
      for the six months ended 30 June 2025 with recommendation to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee reviewed
      and approved the KPMG’s confirmation of independence, its report to the Audit Committee and the management
      representation letter for the year with a recommendation to the Board for the re-appointment of KPMG at the 2025
      annual general meeting of the Company. The Audit Committee reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the risk
      management, internal control systems, connected transactions reports and internal audit reports. The Audit Committee
      also reviewed its terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with the Listing Rules.

      The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as adopted by the Board on 4 February 2015 and further revised
      on 29 December 2022 and 21 August 2025) are available on the website of the Company and the designated website of
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee holds at least two meetings each year from 2015 onwards. The
      Audit Committee held two meetings during the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

      Remuneration Committee

      The Remuneration Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is
      currently chaired by Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh, and its other members are Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung and Ms. Liu Xia.

      The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

      •     reviewing and making decisions in respect of the remuneration packages and overall benefits for the Directors and
            senior management of the Company based on the Board’s delegation given on 15 April 2015;

      •     making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all directors’ and senior
            management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing
            remuneration policy;

      •     reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
            and objectives;

      •     making decisions on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors based on the Board’s delegation
            given on 15 April 2015 by adopting the model described under Code Provision E.1.2(c)(i) of the CG Code;

      •     to review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, including any
            grants of options or awards to directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on
            the appropriateness to such material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report;

      •     making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors;



58   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report


•    assessing the performance of executive directors and approving the terms of executive directors’ service contracts;
     and

•    ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

In particular, when considering the potential grant of share options to the eligible employees of the Group, the
Remuneration Committee will take into account, among others, the strategic goals of the Company, if the employees
had achieved the targets for the preceding year, the terms of the share option scheme of the Company and other
recommendations from senior management of the Company, to ensure that any potential grant is aligned with market
practice, and the grantees’ interests with those of the Group and the Shareholders. As a result, directors and eligible
employees of the Group may be granted a certain number of share options under the share option scheme adopted
by the Company from time to time. Such options may be granted upon the recommendation of the Remuneration
Committee and approval by the Board in accordance with the terms of the share option scheme of the Company and the
Listing Rules.

As a result of the adoption of the Share Award Scheme of the Company on 21 March 2024, going forward, the
Remuneration Committee will also take into account the aforementioned factors and the rules of the Share Award
Scheme when reviewing relevant matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme (including but not limited to performance
appraisal criteria and procedures) and makes recommendation to the Board from time to time for its consideration and
approval on the operations of the Share Award Scheme, including the selection of the Employees, the terms of the grant
of awards and the other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme and the Listing Rules.

The work performed by the Remuneration Committee (as adopted by the Board on 4 February 2015 and revised on
29 December 2022) during the year ended 31 December 2025 included, among others, the review and approval of
the emoluments and performance bonus of the Directors. The Remuneration Committee was of the opinion that the
remuneration packages were fair and commensurate with the market. The Remuneration Committee also reviewed its
terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that
there is no disagreement between the Board and the remuneration committee on any remuneration or compensation
arrangements.

The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the website of the Company and the
designated website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Remuneration Committee holds at least one meeting each
year from 2015 onwards. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the financial year ended 31 December
2025.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. It is
currently chaired by Mr. Tsai Chen-Lung, and its other members are Ms. Su Yen-Hsueh and Ms. Liu Xia.

The primary functions of the Nomination Committee include the following:

•    reviewing the structure, size and composition (including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board to assist the
     Board in maintaining a Board skills matrix and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
     complement the Company’s corporate strategy;




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   59
      Corporate Governance Report


      •     identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and selecting or making
            recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships. In identifying suitable
            individuals, the Nomination Committee shall consider individual on merit and against the objective criteria, with due
            regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board;

      •     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

      •     reviewing the board diversity policy, as appropriate, and review the measurable objectives that the Board has
            set for implementing the board diversity policy, and the progress on achieving the objectives, and reviewing the
            implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy on an annual basis;

      •     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession plan for
            Directors;

      •     developing, reviewing and disclosing the policy for nomination of directors (the “Nomination Policy”), as
            appropriate, in the Company’s corporate governance report annually;

      •     to assess each Director’s time commitment, contribution to the Board and ability to discharge his or her
            responsibilities effectively, taking into account professional qualifications and work experience, existing directorships
            of issuers listed on the Main Board or the GEM of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other significant external
            time commitments and other factors or circumstances relevant to his or her character, integrity, independence and
            experience;

      •     to support the Company’s regular evaluation (at least once every two years) of the Board’s performance; and

      •     establishing and making recommendation to the Board on, where appropriate, mechanism(s) to ensure
            independent views and input are available to the Board and disclose such mechanism(s) in the corporate
            governance report of the Company, and review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an
            annual basis.

      The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (as adopted by Board on 4 February 2015 and further
      revised on 29 December 2022 and 21 August 2025) are available on the website of the Company and the designated
      website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee held at least one meeting each year from 2015
      onwards. The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition of
      the Board with reference to the skill, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board. They reviewed and assessed
      the independence of all independent non-executive Directors and recommended to the Board for approval for the list of
      retiring directors for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company. The Nomination Committee also reviewed
      its terms of reference to ensure the content of which is in compliance with Listing Rules.

      Board Diversity Policy

      The Nomination Committee has a board diversity policy under which, with the assistance of the Nomination Committee,
      the Company will implement its Board members selection process by referring to various factors, including but not limited
      to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional expertise, independence, skills, knowledge
      and length of service. The Board shall take opportunities when selecting and making recommendations on suitable
      candidates for Board appointments with the aim to increase the proportion of female members over time. Decision shall
      ultimately be made based on the merits of and contribution to be made by the candidate.

60   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report


The Company will use its best endeavors to maintain gender diversity at least at a level of 22% female representation in
the Board, subject to any changes to the business model and needs of the Group. The Board currently has two female
Directors out of seven Directors. The current gender diversity of the Board, which 28.6% of the Directors being female
Directors, stands at a relatively high level among companies of the same industry listed on the Stock Exchange. Gender
diversity of the Board was achieved throughout the year ended 31 December 2025 as the Board adhered to our board
diversity policy.

During the year, the Board and the Nomination Committee reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
Diversity Policy. Having considered the business needs of the Company and the objectives in our Board Diversity Policy,
the Board and the Nomination Committee considers that the current Board is sufficiently balanced and diversified in
terms of its skills, experience, knowledge, expertise, culture, independence, age and gender.

Nomination Policy

The Nomination Committee has adopted a Nomination Policy that sets out the nomination procedures, process and
criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship.

Selection Criteria

In assessing the suitability of a candidate for directorship, the following criteria (the “Criteria”) should be considered:

(a)   character and integrity;

(b)   qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, accomplishment and experience that are
      relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

(c)   diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
      experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

(d)   commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; and

(e)   potential contributions that the individual can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
      independence and gender diversity.

The Nomination Committee will evaluate and recommend candidate(s) for the position of the independent non-executive
Directors by taking into account (a) the factors set out in Rules 3.10(2) and 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any
amendments as may be made from time to time and/or any other rules imposed by the Stock Exchange from time to
time; and (b) the Criteria.

Nomination Procedures

The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for appointment as additional Director or to fill Board’s casual
vacancy in accordance with the following procedures:

(a)   the Nomination Committee may consult any source it deems appropriate in identifying or selecting suitable
      candidates, such as referrals from existing Directors, recommendations from personnel agents or as proposed by
      shareholders of the Company with due consideration given to the Criteria;



                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   61
      Corporate Governance Report


      (b)   the Nomination Committee may adopt any process it deems appropriate in evaluating the suitability of the
            candidates, such as interviews, background checks and third-party reference checks;

      (c)   the Nomination Committee will hold a meeting and/or by way of written resolutions to, if thought fit, approve the
            recommendation to the Board for appointment;

      (d)   the Nomination Committee will provide the relevant information of the selected candidate to the Remuneration
            Committee for consideration of a remuneration package of such candidate;

      (e)   the Remuneration Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on the proposed remuneration package;
            and

      (f)   all appointment of Directors will be confirmed by the signing of the consent to act as Director (or any other similar
            filings requiring the relevant Director to acknowledge or accept the appointment, as the case may be) and filing of
            the same with the Companies Registry of Hong Kong and any other relevant government authorities.

      The Nomination Committee will evaluate and recommend retiring Director(s) to the Board for re-appointment in
      accordance with the following procedures:

      (a)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service of the retiring
            Director(s) to the Company and the level of participation and performance on the Board, including but not limited to
            the attendance of the meetings of the Board and/or its committees and general meetings;

      (b)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director(s)
            continue(s) to satisfy the Criteria; and

      (c)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect of the
            proposed re-election of director at the general meeting.

      Monitoring and Review of the Nomination Policy

      The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Nomination Policy and from time to time review the
      Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness in complementing the Company’s corporate strategy and
      business needs. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
      revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

      The corporate governance functions have been reserved to the Board. The primary governance functions include:

      •     developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
            recommendations to the Board;

      •     reviewing and monitoring training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

      •     reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and other legal and regulatory
            requirements;



62   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report


•    developing, reviewing and monitoring any code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to Directors and
     employees of the Company; and

•    reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company reviewed and monitored training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management, compliance with the CG Code and other legal and regulatory
requirements and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Company also reviewed the Company’s policies and code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
Directors and employees.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In accordance with the Dividend Policy, the Company intends to share its profit with Shareholders in the form of
semi-annual dividends in an aggregate amount per year of no less than 20% of the Company’s annual consolidated net
income attributable to its Shareholders, subject to the criteria as set out below. The Dividend Policy allows the Company
to declare special dividends from time to time in addition to the semi-annual dividends.

The Company’s liability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other things, the Group’s current and future
operations, liquidity position and capital requirements, as well as dividends received from the Company’s subsidiaries
and associate companies. The payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Cayman
Islands laws and the Articles of Association.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2025, presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s performance, position and
prospects, and for ensuring that the financial report is prepared in accordance with applicable statutory requirements
and accounting standards. To the best knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the Directors are not aware of
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

The management of the Company has provided the Board with such explanation and information necessary to enable
the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for
approval.

Risk Management and Internal Control System

The Board acknowledges that it is its responsibility to maintain an adequate risk management and internal control system
to safeguard Shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets, and to review the effectiveness of such system on an
annual basis, including considering the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs for
staff and budget of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function, as well as those relating to the Company’s
ESG performance and reporting. The Company’s risk management and internal control system are designed to manage
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   63
      Corporate Governance Report


      The Audit Committee and the Board have conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
      control system of the Group once for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 covering all material controls, including
      financial, operational and compliance control, and consider the risk management and internal control systems to be
      effective and adequate. The Board has received a confirmation from management of the Company on the effectiveness
      of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

      Auditor’s Remuneration

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, details of the fees paid or payable to the Company’s external auditor, KPMG, in
      respect of audit and non-assurance services are set out in the table below:

       Type of Services                                                                                             US$’000


       Audit                                                                                                             259


       Interim review                                                                                                     41
       Tax compliance and advisory services                                                                               11
       Assurance service on continuing connected transactions                                                             12
       Agreed upon procedures on annual results announcement                                                               1


       Total                                                                                                             324


      COMPANY SECRETARY

      Ms. Lam Wing Yan is the Company’s company secretary, and she is responsible for advising the Board on corporate
      governance matters and ensuring that Board policy and procedures and applicable laws, rules and regulations are
      complied with.

      Ms. Lam Wing Yan confirmed that she undertook not less than 15 hours of appropriate continuous professional training
      during the financial year ended 31 December 2025, as required under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


      RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT

      The Company is committed to the risk management and internal control, which are deeply embedded into the integral
      part of its operations. The management of the Company has been focusing on internal policies and strategies to minimize
      risks while making every endeavor to achieve its missions and objectives. In order to manage and control the identified
      risks as well as unexpected risks, the Company has designed and developed risk management framework and tools.
      Applying sound risk management framework and tools, the Company has made proper assessment of the risks and
      strived to manage the risks within the boundary of the Board’s risk appetite.




64   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance Report


1.   PRINCIPAL RISKS

     The Board has defined principal risks that the Company has to confront with in order to achieve its strategic
     objectives.

     The principal risks, risk mitigating strategies and key performance indicators (the “KPIs”) that the Board has
     identified are illustrated below:

                                                                                                 1. STRATEGIC RISKS
                                                                                                                                 Key Performance
                Risk Description                         Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                              CHANGES IN 2025
                                                                                                                              Indicators (KPI) & Status
     1.1 Single Customer Concentration           1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of days that the production yield is
           Risk:                                 - Key markets for smartphone including China are being                     lower than the management’s
     The Company currently sells a substantial      saturated;                                                              comfort zone
     portion of its camera modules and optical   - Low level of technology innovation did not justify the high pricing   - No case to trigger an escalation to
     components to a limited number of              strategy of the major US customer; and                                  Group Risk Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                         •    Competition in the supply chain
     customers. The Company’s dependence         - Chinese smartphone makers’ enlarging market share led order              (“GRMC”) in 2025
                                                                                                                                                                              due to increased # of suppliers
     on these customers may cause material          reduction from US major customer.
                                                                                                                                                                         •    More than expected orders of
     fluctuations or declines in revenue.                                                                                2. Revenue dependency on each
                                                                                                                                                                              new products from major US
                                                 2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                customer and share allocation from
                                                                                                                                                                              customer in second half year
                                                 - Short Term: Keep focusing on production yield enhancement                the customers
                                                                                                                                                                         •    Chinese smartphone markers’
                                                    and cost management to maintain price competitiveness and            - Monitoring purpose
                                                                                                                                                                              continuously enlarging market
                                                    profitability of the business                                                                                             share
                                                 - Medium Term: Upgrade skills and technology for high-end
                                                    products and diversify product offering to the existing customers
                                                 - Long Term: Keep exploring new product and business
                                                    opportunities activating new business development team other
                                                    than smartphone industry


     1.2 Technology Risk:                        1. Current Situation                                                    1. Retention ratio of the talent pool
     The Company’s continued success             - Highly talented engineers are scarce resource and maintaining         - No case to trigger an escalation to
     depends on its ability to respond to           talent pool is challenging due to relatively high turnover ratio        GRMC in 2025                                 •    Maintained high retention ratio
     technology upgrade demanded by              - Competition in the camera module business has been                                                                         of 2025 talent pool
     customers. It requires the Company’s           manageable due to high entry barrier led by advanced                 2. Maintained comfortable level of              •    Strived to hire more local
     ability to maintain talented engineers.        technology, significant investment and no assurance of sales            retention ratio in 2025 (96.3%)                   talented engineers
     The Company’s failure to further refine        volume                                                                                                               •    Incentivized talented engineers
     its technology and retain talented                                                                                  3. A larger talent pool for 2026 has                 with both monetary and
     engineers may weaken its product            2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                been established to retain more                   non-monetary compensation
     competitiveness which may result in         - Keep hiring & retaining talented engineers by offering attractive        talented engineers                           •    Registered patents to secure
     lower sales and market share.                  compensation                                                                                                              our processing technology
                                                 - Enhancing talent pool retention program




                                                                                         2. LEGAL & REGULATORY RISKS
                                                                                                                                Key Performance
               Risk Description                          Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                             CHANGES IN 2025
                                                                                                                             Indicators (KPI) & Status
     2.1 Legal & Compliance Risk:                1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of critical findings during monthly
     Non-compliance with Hong Kong               - No material violation or breach of Hong Kong Listing Rules               internal audit
     Listing Rules and local regulations            and/or local regulations and laws where we operate                                                               •       Maintained a sound risk
     where we operate (Cayman, China,               (Cayman/China/Hong Kong and Korea)                                   2. # of enquiries, guidance or                      management & internal
     Hong Kong and Korea) may result in                                                                                     warnings from the Authority                      control system
     adverse publicity and potentially           2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                             - No case to trigger an escalation to       •       Expanded support from
     significant monetary damages                - Maintained external legal advisors for both Hong Kong and                GRMC in 2025                                     external legal & compliance
                                                    China to ensure a full compliance with Hong Kong listing rules                                                           professionals
                                                    and local regulations
                                                 - Conducting internal audit and mobilizing group risk management
                                                    committee to manage any unexpected situation


     2.2 Risk from mis-handling customers’       1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of security rule violations and the
          confidential information:              - No breach of NDAs has been escalated                                     amount of financial loss caused by
     The Company has signed                      - No inside information on disclosure case has been reported               the violation
     Non-Disclosure Agreements (“NDA”)                                                                                   - No case to trigger an escalation to
     with all customers and any breach of        2.   Risk Mitigating Strategy                                              GRMC in 2025                             •       Conducted regular NDA and
     the NDAs may cause serious                  -    Reinforcing the inside information handling policy                                                                     inside information related
     financial damages.                          -    Implementing high level of security system                                                                             training for all employees in
                                                 -    Strengthening internal audit processes                                                                                 2025
                                                 -    Providing training on inside information handling policy to all
                                                      employees




                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           65
      Corporate Governance Report


                                                                                                  3. OPERATIONAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                       Key Performance
                       Risk Description                           Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                    CHANGES IN 2025
                                                                                                                                    Indicators (KPI) & Status
             3.1 Production & Operational Risks:        1. Current Situation                                                    1. # of days with production shortage
             Securing sufficient factory labor in a     - Efficiently managed production in line with production plan by           against production plan               Sufficient liquidity of labor due to:
             timely manner is critical for                 sourcing sufficient labor in a timely manner despite the
                                                                                                                                                                         1. Lessened workforce required
             executing production plan. Work               seasonality and high turnover of China labor market in Dongguan      2. No case to trigger an escalation to       due to upgraded automation
             stoppages and other labor-related          - There was no case in 2025 which triggered an escalation to               GRMC in 2025                              in the production line
             issues may adversely affect our               GRMC
                                                                                                                                                                         2. Relatively low factory
             operation.
                                                                                                                                                                             utilization rate due to reduced
                                                                                                                                                                             orders from customers led by
                                                        2.   Risk Mitigating Strategy
                                                                                                                                                                             fierce market competition and
                                                        -    Expanding factory labor recruiting channel
                                                                                                                                                                             overall retreating smartphone
                                                        -    Initiated factory labor retention program
                                                                                                                                                                             industry
                                                        -    Production line automation




                                                                                                     4. FINANCIAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                       Key Performance
                       Risk Description                           Current Situation/Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                    CHANGES IN 2025
                                                                                                                                    Indicators (KPI) & Status
             4.1 Foreign Exchange Risk:                 1. Current Situation                                                    1. Natural hedging position (Total
             Mismatching currencies in sales and        - Maintained USD as a core currency for both sales and                     procurement amount settled in         1. Maintained the natural hedging
             procurement contracts may adversely           procurements                                                            USD/Total sales settled in USD)          position within the
             affect the Company’s financial results.    - Operating subsidiaries in multiple countries caused FX valuation                                                  management’s comfort zone;
             Furthermore, operating subsidiaries in        gain or loss which may mislead the Company’s actual financial        2. FX transaction gain or loss with a       and
             multiple countries increase FX exposure.      results                                                                 trigger point to make an escalation   2. About 2.2% and 0.7%
                                                                                                                                   to GRMC and Audit Committee              appreciation of CNY and KRW,
                                                        2. Risk Mitigating Strategy                                                                                         respectively in 2025 had led
                                                        - Maximizing natural hedging position by matching currencies in         3. No case to trigger an escalation to      sizable exchange benefit.
                                                           sales and procurements contracts                                        GRMC in 2025
                                                        - Recording actual FX transaction gain or loss as well as FX
                                                           valuation gain or loss on a regular basis to monitor the situation
                                                           and providing this report to GRMC and Audit Committee on a
                                                           regular basis for their management decision



                       Risk level gets higher                 Risk level gets lower                       Risk level remains unchanged




      2.    PHILOSOPHY & OBJECTIVES OF THE COMPANY’S RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

            Managing risk is an ongoing process in the presence of uncertainties and should involve employees at all levels.
            Therefore, risk management cannot be practically performed on a standalone basis. All employees are required
            to be responsible and accountable for managing risk in so far as is reasonably practicable within the area of their
            responsibility. The principles and practices of sound risk management must be fully integrated into all business
            units’ normal management strategy, planning and operational processes. Reflecting this philosophy, the Company
            has prepared and implemented its prudent risk management system.

            The objectives of the Company’s risk management system are to:

            •         outline its systematic approach to risk management to achieve strategic and operational objectives of the
                      Company;

            •         improve decision-making, accountability and outcomes through the effective use of risk management system;

            •         integrate risk management system into daily operations; and

            •         reduce any potential financial loss, protect the brand and reputation and optimize business performance in a
                      controlled manner when opportunities arise.




66   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report


3.   RISK APPETITE

     In pursuit of its strategic objectives, the Board and the management of the Company are willing to undertake risks
     only if they shall not jeopardize:

     •    the relationship with major customers;

     •    health and safety of stakeholders including employees, suppliers, customers, etc.;

     •    the viability of the Company due to intractable financial loss;

     •    environment of the community and nation;

     •    the Company’s reputation and brand name; and

     •    business license due to breach of regulations and laws where the Company operates.

4.   RISK TAXONOMY

     At the highest level, the risks that the Company may have to confront with in order to achieve its strategic
     objectives can fall into the following risk categories:

     •    Strategic Risks: relating to the Group’s business model and strategy such as demand shortfall, customer
          retention, pricing pressure, industry or sector downturn and failure to achieve technology upgrades;

     •    Operational Risks: risks that can be typically managed from within the business such as cost overrun,
          operating controls, poor capacity management, supply chain issues, employee issues including fraud, bribery
          and corruption and raw material prices;

     •    Financial Risks: the risks relating to inadequate liquidity management and unfavorable changes in the financial
          market such as interest rates and foreign exchange; and

     •    Compliance/Regulatory risks: relating to legal, regulatory and stakeholders considerations.

5.   RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

     The Company adopts an integrated and structured approach to risk management, which consists of 4 steps to
     follow.

     A.   Risk Identification

          Day-to-day risk management resides with the individual business units; therefore, departmental manager of
          each business units is accountable for the identification of the risks and their assessments as well as their
          bottom-up reporting in order to achieve strategic and operational objectives.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   67
      Corporate Governance Report


            B.    Mitigation Control and Assurance Activities

                  Every risk identified must be carefully evaluated and all the root causes of the identified risks should be
                  assessed in order to find mitigating factors of the risk and ways to monitor and control the risk in an effective
                  manner. The internal audit, as the 3rd line of defense explained in the section 7.A., will need to carry out
                  analysis and independent appraisal of the mitigation control and assurance activities.

            C.    Accountabilities

                  Actively managing risks are the key duty of the risk owners/department managers of the Company.
                  Department managers will assist risk owners in measuring, controlling, monitoring and reporting risks and
                  they have both the right and obligation to contribute to risk management.

            D.    Reporting

                  All critical risks identified and any new/emerging risks to be identified by any individual department will be
                  registered and reported to Group Risk Management Committee (“GRMC”). The risk management team of
                  the Company (the “Risk Management Team”) can facilitate and assist the relevant staff/department to
                  register the risks and consolidate all the risks registered based on the pre-defined risk taxonomy and report it
                  to GRMC on a regular basis.

      6.    RISK GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

            The effectiveness of risk management is unavoidably linked to management competence, commitment and
            integrity, all of which forms the basis of sound corporate governance. Corporate governance provides a systematic
            framework within which each management group can discharge their duties in managing the business.

            A.    The Board of Directors

                  The Board is responsible for:

                  •      evaluating and determining the risks it is willing to take in achieving the company’s strategic objectives;

                  •      overseeing the Company’s risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis;

                  •      reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems which need to be
                         conducted at least annually;

                  •      reporting to shareholders that it has done so in its Corporate Governance Report; and

                  •      reviewing the related party transactions, connected transactions and to ensure the connected
                         transactions are in compliance with the Listing Rules.




68   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report


B.   Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee is responsible for:

     •    reviewing the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems;

     •    discussing the risk management and internal control systems with GRMC to ensure that GRMC
          has performed its duty to have effective systems. This discussion should include the adequacy of
          resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the issuer’s accounting
          and financial reporting function;

     •    considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
          by the Board;

     •    ensuring co-ordination between the internal and external auditors;

     •    the significant control failings or weaknesses identified during the year, and the extent to which they
          have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
          future have, a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition; and

     •    the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with the Listing Rules.

     The Audit Committee meets regularly to assess and evaluates the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk
     management and internal control system of the Group and communicates to the Board in a timely manner
     where there are any material internal control defects or failings or weakness.

C.   The GRMC is responsible for:

     •    assisting the Audit Committee to identify and evaluate risks with which the Company is facing;

     •    designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems;

     •    reviewing the identified risks on a regular basis and taking actions to alleviate the level of the identified
          risks; and

     •    assessing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems on a quarterly basis
          and reporting it to the Audit Committee and the Board.

D.   Risk Management Team

     Risk Management Team is responsible for:

     •    updating the risk management policy and formalizing it by having it approved by the Audit Committee
          and the Board;

     •    updating the inside information handling policy and formalizing it by having it approved by the Audit
          Committee and the Board;



                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    69
      Corporate Governance Report


                  •      implementing the risk management and internal control systems and processes and providing a risk
                         management and internal control system training to all employees on a regular basis;

                  •      ensuring all office employees attend the training at least once a year;

                  •      facilitating the registration of all identified risks and new/emerging risks to be identified by any employee
                         and reporting it to GRMC; and

                  •      preparing and facilitating GRMC meeting on a monthly basis for the seamless flow and maximum
                         outcome of the meeting.

            E.    Internal Audit

                  Internal Audit Team of the Company (the “Internal Audit Team”) is responsible for:

                  •      reviewing the continuing connected transaction and provide findings to the independent Directors to
                         assist them in performing their annual review;

                  •      carrying out the internal audit function of the Company;

                  •      updating the internal audit policy when it is needed;

                  •      conducting the analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the workflow
                         and work manual of the members of the Company;

                  •      pointing out non-compliance works of the member of the Company being audited and instructing them
                         to make remedy actions within the set timeframe; and

                  •      reporting to GRMC critical findings of the audit and the effectiveness of internal control measures.

            F.    Senior Management

                  Senior management of the Company is responsible for:

                  •      providing direction and guidance within their areas of accountability so that subordinates best utilize
                         their abilities in the preservation of the Company’s resources;

                  •      promoting, sponsoring and coordinating the development of a risk management culture within the
                         organization;

                  •      guiding the inclusion of risk management in all strategic and operational decision making; and

                  •      possessing a clear profile of major risks within their area of control incorporating both opportunities and
                         negative risks.




70   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report


     G.   Line Management

          Line Management of the Company is responsible for the adoption of risk management practices and will be
          directly responsible for the results of risk management activities, relevant to their area of responsibility. As
          part of the annual planning cycle all responsible managers will be required to consider and document existing
          risks and their impact on proposed plans. Any new emerging risks identified due to changes in the business
          environment must also be documented. Risk records must be maintained up-to-date on an on-going basis to
          reflect any changes which may occur.

     H.   All Employees

          All employees of the Company are responsible for:

          •     acting at all times in a manner which does not place at risk the health and safety of themselves or any
                other person in the workplace;

          •     providing direction and training to persons for whom they have a supervisory responsibility or duty of
                care relating to health and safety; and

          •     identifying areas where risk management practices should be adopted and are to advise their
                supervisors accordingly.

7.   RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

     There are a number of different types of risks, which the Company must take and manage in order to achieve its
     strategic objectives. The Board and senior management must identify these risks and discuss about the mitigating
     factors to manage the overall risk level and find ways to monitor the risks ensuring they stay within the Company’s
     risk appetite.

     In order to be more systematic to manage these risks, the following risk management framework has been
     adopted:




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   71
      Corporate Governance Report


            A.    Three Lines of Defense Model

                  Risks are inherent in every corner of our businesses, and it is important to have a culture involving all levels of
                  employee and a systematic approach to identify and assess risks such that they can be reduced, eliminated
                  or avoided. In order to create risk conscious culture within the organization and manage risks systematically,
                  three lines of defense model has been adopted. The following illustration and table show the definition of
                  each line of defense and its role:


                                                          Board of Directors & Audit Committee

                                                          Group Risk Management Committee

                                                                  Senior Management

                          1st Line of Defence                      2nd Line of Defence                    3rd Line of Defence

                     •   Ongoing identification,              •   Periodic Review and challenge      •   Provide assurance over the
                         assessment, monitoring and               of top risks impacting the             effectiveness of controls in
                         reporting of risks and                   strategic objectives                   place to manage risk
                         opportunities in respective          •   Escalate the top risks to Senior
                         areas                                    Management Officers and
                     •   Plan and implement actions to            through them, to the Audit &
                         manage risk                              Group Risk Management
                     •   Escalate risks that exceed the           Committee and the Board of
                         group’s risk appetite                    Directors for their review
                                                              •   Facilitate the risk process




                     Risk Owners:                              Risk Owners:                          Independent Oversight:
                     • Front line staff                        • Risk Management                     • Internal Audit
                     • Project development                     • Accounting/Finance
                                                               • Legal/HR




72   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report


B.   Risk Rating Methodology

     In order to measure our risk appetite, all the identified principal risks will need to be rated based on the
     significance of the risk and the likelihood of occurrence.

     Table 1 Significance of the Risk

      Risk Rating Dimension   Insignificant(1)             Minor(2)                  Moderate(3)                 Major(4)                     Critical(5)


      Financial               Financial damage of event Financial damage of event Financial damage of event Financial damage of event Financial damage of event
                              less than HKD1 million       between HKD1 million      between HKD5 million        between HKD10 million        more than HKD15 million
                                                           and HKD5 million          and HKD10 million           and HKD15 million


      Reputational            Internal corrective action   No negative media focus   Short‐term (less than a     Long‐term (more than         Stakeholders lose
                              without any negative         and/or concerns raised    week) negative media        a week) negative media       confidence in the
                              media focus                  by one stakeholder        focus and/or significant    focus and/or sustained       organization in the
                                                                                     concerns raised by more     concerns raised by more      long-term, permanent
                                                                                     than one stakeholders       than one stakeholders        withdrawal of support by
                                                                                                                                              several stakeholders


      Operational             Corrective action within a Corrective action within a An incidence with the        An incidence with the        An incidence with the
                              day without disruption of    week without disruption   potential to lead to        potential to lead to         potential to lead to
                              operation                    of operation              disruption of operation for disruption of operation for disruption of operation for
                                                                                     a day                       more than a week             more than a month


      Regulatory              Internal corrective action   Guidance from the         Warnings from the           Monetary penalty             Civil/criminal liabilities
                              without any operational      authority                 authority
                              disruption


     Table 2 Likelihood of Occurrence

      Rating                                            Description


      Highly Likely                                     Highly likely to occur in all circumstances (weekly)


      Likely                                            Likely to occur in most circumstances (monthly)


      Possible                                          Possible to occur at some stage (quarterly)


      Unlikely                                          Unlikely to occur in most circumstances (1–3 years)


      Rare                                              May only occur in exceptional circumstances (3–10 years)




                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025           73
      Corporate Governance Report


                  Every identified risk will be mapped out based on the result of risk ratings using the above risk parameters.
                  The significance of the risk will be evaluated in four different areas such as financial risk, reputational risk,
                  operational risk and regulatory risk and the rating of the most relevant risk area will be selected, which will
                  represent the significance of the risk. And after measuring the likelihood of occurrence, the risk can be
                  positioned in the following risk map.

                  Picture 1 Risk Map


                                                                            Significance

                                                 Insignificant   Minor        Moderate          Major            Critical


                                 Highly Likely


                                    Likely



                    Likelihood
                                   Possible


                                   Unlikely


                                     Rare




                  Any risk located outside of the white area can be defined as the risk within our risk appetite. And any risk
                  located in the white area will be continuously monitored and the Company will make every effort to bring it
                  out of the area which is acceptable based on the Company’s risk appetite.

      8.    RISK MANAGEMENT TRAINING

            The Risk Management Team is responsible for the development and provision of risk management awareness
            training as well as specific training programs throughout the Company. This training is to address the needs of all
            employees including senior management.

      9.    RISK MANAGEMENT PERIODIC REVIEW

            The Risk Management Team will support the management through periodic independent review of risk
            management practices and procedures to provide assurance on their efficiency and relevance to the GRMC and
            the Audit Committee.




74   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



INTERNAL AUDIT

Internal audit is an integral part of internal control along with risk management system. The mission of the Internal Audit
Team is to provide independent and objective reviews and assessments of the business activities, operations, financial
systems and internal accounting controls of the Company. The Internal Audit Team accomplishes its mission through the
conduct of operational, financial and performance audits, selected as the result of a risk identification and assessment
process. The resulting schedule of audits is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee and the GRMC of the
Company.

1.   OBJECTIVE

     The Internal Audit Team conducts independent reviews and appraisals of the work procedures and operations.
     These reviews provide management with an independent appraisal of the various operations and systems of
     control. The reviews also help to ensure that the Company’s resources are used efficiently and effectively while
     helping the Company achieve its mission, as directed by the Board. It is the intention of the Internal Audit Team to
     perform this service with professional care and with minimal disruption to daily operations.

2.   RESPONSIBILITY AND AUTHORITY

     The internal audit function was established at the direction of the Board and derives its authority directly from the
     Audit Committee. The Internal Audit Team reports to the GRMC on a monthly basis and to the Audit Committee
     on a quarterly basis. Internal audit staff is authorized to conduct a comprehensive internal audit program within the
     Company and is responsible for keeping the Audit Committee and GRMC informed of unusual transactions or other
     matters of significance.

3.   INDEPENDENCE

     In order to maintain independence and objectivity, the internal audit function has no direct responsibility or any
     authority over the activities or operations that are subject to review, nor should the Internal Audit Team develop or
     install procedures, prepare records or engage in activities that would normally be subject to review. However, the
     Internal Audit Team may be consulted when new systems or procedures are designed to ensure they adequately
     address internal controls.

4.   OBJECTIVITY

     Internal audit is a service function organized and operated primarily for the purpose of conducting audits, in
     accordance with the predefined work procedures. The evidential matter gathered from these audits forms the
     basis for furnishing opinions and other relevant information to chairman of the Board, Audit Committee, GRMC and
     senior management of the Company.

     Opinions and other information furnished may attest to the adequacy of internal control, the degree of compliance
     with established policies and procedures and/or their effectiveness and efficiency in achieving organizational
     objectives. The Internal Audit Team may also recommend cost effective courses of action for the management to
     consider in improving efficiencies that have been identified during an audit.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   75
      Corporate Governance Report


      5.    AUDIT PROCESS

            Although every audit project is unique, the audit process is similar for most engagements and usually consists
            of nine stages. Through these stages the Internal Audit Team will determine ways to minimize risks and increase
            efficiencies within the area.

            A.    Plan:

                  The Internal Audit Team will develop an audit plan based on a review of all pertinent information.

            B.    Notify:

                  The Internal Audit Team will schedule a meeting with the unit manager and the senior managers of the
                  process to be audited. Identify the scope and objectives of the audit, how long it is expected to last and what
                  the responsibilities for all parties are in the audit process. Any factors that may impact the audit should be
                  raised at this time. Factors include vacations, fiscal year end reporting requirements, etc.

            C.    Test:

                  Testing will include interviews with the staff, review of procedures and risk manuals, assessing the adequacy
                  of internal controls.

            D.    Communicate:

                  Keep the department that is undergoing the audit updated on the status of the audit on a regular basis
                  especially if there are any findings. There may be instances where the findings can be addressed immediately.

            E.    Draft:

                  The report draft will include the audit scope and objectives, summary and opinion, findings and audit
                  recommendations.

            F.    Management Response:

                  Management will receive the audit draft to confirm the facts and respond to the audit recommendations. Their
                  response should assign the responsibility and have a specific target date of completion for the corrective
                  actions. The time window for the management response will be 21 calendar days.

            G.    Review:

                  The final version of the audit will be reviewed and all issues resolved by the Internal Audit Team.

            H.    Distribute:

                  The report is then released to the Audit Committee and GRMC as part of the agenda at the periodic meetings
                  as requested.




76   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                          Corporate Governance Report


     I.        Verify:

               The Internal Audit Team will normally conduct a follow up on the management responses to the audit
               Findings and Recommendations within a reasonable time frame. This subsequent review will be discussed
               with the involved management and the comments published. The comments may also be released to the
               Audit Committee and GRMC as part of the agenda at the periodic meetings.

6.   PRIORITIZATION OF THE AUDIT

     The below are three factors adopted for the prioritization of processes for auditing:

     A.        Financial Factor: The significance of a process will be evaluated based on the amount of monetary impact
               of the process.

     B.        Operational Factor: The criticality of the process, when it has ERRORS or IRREGULARITIES, will be
               determined by time to be required for the corrective action.

     C.        Regulatory Factor: The rating of this category will be determined by the level of action from the authority.

     And the risk parameters of each category are illustrated in the following Table:

          Risk Rating
          Dimension             Insignificant (Ratings 1)         Moderate (Ratings 2)                Critical (Ratings 3)


          Financial             Financial damage of event less    Financial damage of event           Financial damage of event more
                                than HK$500,000                   between HK$500,000 and              than HK$1,000,000
                                                                  HK$1,000,000


          Operational           Corrective action within a week   An incidence with the potential to An incidence with the potential to
                                without disruption of operation   lead to disruption of operation for lead to disruption of operation for
                                                                  more than a week                    more than a month


          Regulatory            Internal corrective action without Warnings from the authority and/ Monetary penalties and/or Civil/
                                any warning from the authority    or monetary penalties               criminal liabilities


     The prioritization of the process for auditing will be determined by the rating of the most relevant factors indicated
     above.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   77
      Corporate Governance Report



      INTERNAL CONTROL FOR THE HANDLING INSIDE INFORMATION

      The Board and the management of the Company are well aware of the following statutory duties relating to the handling
      of inside information:

      •     The Company must have procedures for the secure handling of inside information;

      •     A list of persons who are given access to inside information must be kept and the list must be continuously
            updated;

      •     Persons who are given access to inside information shall be made aware of the duties and responsibilities that this
            entails, as well as the criminal liability involved; and

      •     The Company must be able to provide documentary evidence to the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong
            Kong that persons who are given access to inside information are aware of their duties.

      1.    APPLICABILITY

            These inside information handling procedures apply to all employees and elected officers (directors, elected auditor
            and corporate secretary) of the Company and its subsidiaries and to joint ventures in which the Group is a partner.
            The persons in charge of business areas in the Company shall ensure that employees and elected officers of the
            Company’s subsidiaries receive necessary information about and training in use of these instructions. Responsibility
            at the Company lies with the heads of the various departments. The individual department heads shall assist in
            providing practical training.

      2.    THE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF A PERSON WITH RECEIPT OF INSIDE INFORMATION

            Each employee and elected officer who receives inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments shall
            act in accordance with the prohibitions and duties that are described in further detail below.

            A.    Prohibition of misuse of inside information

                  No person must subscribe for, purchase, sell or exchange financial instruments issued by the Company
                  if he or she has inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments. This prohibition applies to
                  every natural and legal person, indirect and direct trading, and trading both for own account and for a third
                  party’s account, irrespective of form of settlement. The prohibition also applies to incitement to trade, i.e.
                  persons who have inside information regarding the Group’s financial instruments are not permitted to give
                  other persons advice or in any way influence other persons to carry out, or refrain from carrying out, such
                  transactions. This applies correspondingly to the entry into, purchase, sale or exchange of options or forward/
                  futures contracts or similar rights (including financial derivatives) related to such financial instruments or to
                  incitement to carry out such transactions.

                  The prohibition applies only to trades that can be characterized as misuse of inside information. Whether or
                  not the trade constitutes misuse must be assessed in each individual case.




78   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report


B.   Duty of confidentiality

     Inside information is confidential information, and shall not be given to or in other ways made available to
     unauthorized persons. The information may only be communicated or made available to another person if
     the recipient has a relevant, well-founded need for the information, assessed on the basis of the Company’s
     interests. A strict “need to know” principle applies, i.e. as few people as possible shall have access to the
     information, as late as is practically possible.

     Any person who communicates inside information or makes such information available to another person
     has an independent responsibility for ensuring that the person who is given access to the information is
     simultaneously made aware of the duties and responsibilities entailed by the receipt of such information,
     including the duty of confidentiality, the duty of proper handling of the information, the duty not to misuse
     it, and the criminal liability that attaches to the misuse or unwarranted distribution of such information. The
     above applies regardless of whether the recipient is an employee, an elected officer or an external advisor or
     a business connection.

C.   Duty of information in connection with the communication of inside information

     If inside information is communicated or made available to another person, the person responsible for
     maintaining the insider list and/or the Investor Relations Department shall be notified immediately, and if
     possible, before the information is communicated. Compliance with this duty of information is essential if the
     Company is to be able to fulfil its statutory duty to maintain an insider list, and to ensure that the persons who
     are given access to inside information are aware of the responsibility that this entails.

     The person responsible for maintaining the insider list shall immediately put the person in question on the list
     of persons who have access to inside information. The insider list maintainer shall at the latest at the same
     time make sure that the recipient has been made aware of the duties and responsibilities that such access
     entails, and the criminal liability that attaches to misuse or unlawful use of such information.

D.   Duty to ensure proper handling of inside information and to secure information

     Any person who has inside information has a duty, in handling such information, to exercise due care in order
     to ensure that inside information does not come into the possession of unauthorized persons or is misused.

Whistleblowing and Anti-Corruption Policies

In order to raise internal control awareness, the Company has established whistleblowing policy and system for
employees and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit
Committee about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company.

The Company has also implemented anti-corruption policy and system against corrupt and fraudulent activities
including, for instance, measures against receiving bribes and kickbacks, and misappropriation of company
assets, as well as prohibiting the acceptance of gifts, hospitality and other offers by interested third parties. The
anti-corruption policy is included in the Group’s Code of Conduct which all employees are required to acknowledge
and accept.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   79
      Corporate Governance Report


            The whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that they remain
            adequate and up-to-date with any applicable legislation including but not limited to the Prevention of Bribery
            Ordinance in Hong Kong and relevant laws and regulations on anticorruption and bribery in China.


      GENDER DIVERSITY ACROSS WORKFORCE

      In our workforce (including senior management), the gender ratio is 25% (females): 75% (males). Due to the industrial
      business nature, a majority of our workforce is male. That said, the Board considers that our current workforce is
      diverse in terms of gender. The Company is determined to maintain gender diversity at least at a level of 22% female
      representation in the workforce subject to any changes to the business model and needs of the Group. The Group
      will further enhance diversity in all aspects, including gender diversity, through policies and training for all employees to
      support inclusive behaviors. The Group will also take into account gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior
      level so that in order to develop a potential pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to the Board
      if possible going forward. For further details about our gender diversity in the workforce, please refer to the standalone
      “2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published by the Company.


      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

      Convening of extraordinary general meeting and putting forward proposals

      Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, extraordinary general meeting shall be convened on the written
      requisition of any one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition,
      shares representing not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, of the Company which
      carry the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal
      office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered
      office of the Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda,
      and signed by the requisitionist(s). If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition
      proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them
      representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same
      manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting
      so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all
      reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to them by
      the Company.

      Communication with Shareholders and investor relations

      The Board recognizes that it is accountable to its stakeholders, and values the importance of communications with
      Shareholders. The Company is dedicated to maintaining an open dialogue with its Shareholders, and it will continually
      improve its communications with Shareholders to obtain their feedback.

      The Company has established a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure effective communication with its
      Shareholders. The Company’s corporate website also serves as a channel for Shareholders to access information about
      the Group. The Group’s key corporate governance policies and documents, including the terms of reference of the
      various Board committees, as well as all communications for Shareholders including the Group’s financial reports and
      announcements, are available on the website.




80   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report


The Board has conducted a review of the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy
of the Company, and having considered there are various formal and informal means for shareholders to have timely and
equal access of the information of the Group and for the Group to interacts and understands the views of shareholders
and stakeholders, it is satisfied that an effective shareholders’ communication policy has been properly implemented
throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.

Shareholders are welcome to send their request for general meeting, proposed resolutions or enquiries to the Board to
the primary contact person of the Company as follows:

Cowell e Holdings Inc.
Suite 1620
16/F Ocean Centre
5 Canton Road
Tsimshatsui Kowloon
Hong Kong
Attention: Ms. Lam Wing Yan
Email: carol@cowell.com.hk

A copy of the latest version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange. For the year ended 31 December 2025, no change has been made to the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   81
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Cowell e Holdings Inc.
      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Cowell e Holdings Inc. (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
      (“the Group”) set out on pages 87 to 152, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
      December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for
      the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
      (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.


      Basis for opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
      described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
      We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
      Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




82   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Valuation of inventories in the manufacturing subsidiaries

Refer to accounting policy note 1(j) and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements

The Key Audit Matter                                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group held significant inventories as at 31 December 2025,          Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories in the
which comprised raw materials, work-in-progress and finished            manufacturing subsidiaries included the following:
goods in respect of camera modules and optical components, and
a significant portion are located in the manufacturing subsidiaries     •     evaluating the design and implementation of
in the People’s Republic of China.                                            management’s key internal controls over the inventory
                                                                              write-down assessment process, including the Group’s
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.         monitoring controls over slow-moving inventories;


The Group maintains its inventory levels based on forecast              •     assessing the historical accuracy of management’s
demand. There is a risk that the net realisable value of inventories          calculation of write-downs of inventories by examining
may fall below their cost due to changes in customer demand                   the utilisation or release of write-downs and write-downs
and the consequent overstocking of inventories at the end of                  recorded at the end of the previous financial year during
the reporting period. In addition, a significant proportion of the            the current financial year;
Group’s products are manufactured to meet specific customer
requirements. There is a risk that if there is a demand issue with      •     assessing whether the inventory write-down policy is
customer’s products, the related inventories held by the Group                appropriate with reference to the requirements of the
may not be able to sell.                                                      prevailing accounting standards;


Management assesses the level of write-downs of inventories             •     assessing whether items in the inventory ageing report
required at each reporting date after considering inventory ageing,           were classified within the appropriate ageing bucket
estimated selling price and forecast demand. Such assessment                  by comparing with the individual items with underlying
involves significant management judgement and estimation                      documents, such as purchase invoices, on a sample
in determining the value of inventories which might not be                    basis;
recoverable at each reporting date.
                                                                        •     assessing the reasonableness of the estimated selling
We identified the valuation of inventories in the manufacturing               price and forecast demand used in the calculation of
subsidiaries as a key audit matter because inventories are                    inventory write-downs adopted by the management,
significant to the consolidated financial statements and there                taking into account the ageing for the inventories and the
is significant degree of management judgement involved in                     Group’s current circumstances; and
determining the write-down of inventories.
                                                                        •     assessing whether the inventory write-downs at the
                                                                              reporting date were calculated on a basis consistent with
                                                                              the Group’s inventory write-down policy by recalculating
                                                                              the inventory write-downs based on the Group’s inventory
                                                                              provision policy.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    83
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
      annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
      form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. We
      have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part of the
      other information and provided a separate assurance practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other
      information.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
      accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
      alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
      reporting process.




84   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
     the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
     the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
     statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
     of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   85
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
      and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
      to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
      in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
      describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
      when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
      the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
      communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Kong Wing Hung (practising
      certificate number: P07075).




      KPMG
      Certified Public Accountants

      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      30 March 2026




86   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                                          for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                              (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                                 2025                    2024
                                                                            Note                $’000                    $’000


 Revenue                                                                      2             3,500,054              2,494,258


 Cost of sales                                                                             (3,141,326)             (2,203,351)


 Gross profit                                                                                358,728                  290,907


 Other income/(loss)                                                          3                12,467                  (22,970)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                                              (3,645)                 (3,430)
 Administrative expenses                                                                     (127,605)               (108,098)


 Profit from operations                                                                      239,945                  156,409


 Finance costs                                                               4(a)             (15,821)                 (18,706)
 Share of loss of an associate                                                                    (347)                      —


 Profit before taxation                                                       4              223,777                  137,703


 Income tax                                                                  5(a)             (28,830)                 (17,323)


 Profit for the year                                                                         194,947                  120,380


 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                          196,904                  119,055
 Non-controlling interests                                                                      (1,957)                  1,325


 Profit for the year                                                                         194,947                  120,380


 Earnings per share                                                           9


 Basic                                                                                         $0.229                  $0.139


 Diluted                                                                                       $0.221                  $0.134




The notes on pages 94 to 152 form part of these consolidated financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 23(d).

                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025        87
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                             2025       2024
                                                                                 Note        $’000      $’000


       Profit for the year                                                                 194,947    120,380


       Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax adjustments):           8


       Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:


       Exchange differences on translation of financial statements                          17,712    (12,402)


       Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:


       Remeasurement of net defined benefit obligation                                           1        (28)


                                                                                            17,713    (12,430)


       Total comprehensive income for the year                                             212,660    107,950


       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                  214,479    106,733
       Non-controlling interests                                                            (1,819)     1,217


       Total comprehensive income for the year                                             212,660    107,950




      The notes on pages 94 to 152 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


88   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                        as at 31 December 2025
                                                               (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                      Note        $’000                   $’000


Non-current assets


Property, plant and equipment                          10      367,392                 374,444
Intangible assets                                      11         1,065                   1,526
Interest in a joint venture                            13             —                     556
Interest in an associate                               13         8,348                       —
Prepayment and other receivables                      15(b)      13,747                 17,606
Deferred tax assets                                   22(b)      13,867                 13,341


                                                               404,419                 407,473


Current assets


Inventories                                            14      231,337                 315,185
Trade and other receivables                            15      600,582                 434,708
Current tax recoverable                               22(a)            3                      —
Pledged bank deposits                                 16(e)           —                 10,468
Bank deposits                                         16(a)    157,922                 161,371
Cash and cash equivalents                             16(a)    149,439                 113,349


                                                              1,139,283              1,035,081


Current liabilities


Trade and other payables                               17      635,364                 536,553
Bank loans                                             18        29,573                206,483
Lease liabilities                                      19         5,146                   4,158
Current tax payable                                   22(a)       5,349                 17,583


                                                               675,432                 764,777


Net current assets                                             463,851                 270,304


Total assets less current liabilities                          868,270                 677,777




                                                                            Annual Report 2025        89
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      as at 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                             2025      2024
                                                                                 Note        $’000     $’000


       Non-current liabilities


       Bank loans                                                                 18       101,912   117,623
       Lease liabilities                                                          19        30,852    33,462
       Net defined benefit retirement obligation                                  20           14         6
       Deferred income                                                                       4,061     3,031


                                                                                           136,839   154,122


       NET ASSETS                                                                          731,431   523,655


       CAPITAL AND RESERVES


       Share capital                                                             23(b)       3,473     3,449
       Reserves                                                                            722,655   513,084


       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                     726,128   516,533


       Non-controlling interests                                                             5,303     7,122


       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        731,431   523,655


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2026




      Mr. Chen Han-Yang                                             Mr. Wu Ying-Cheng
      Director                                                      Director




      The notes on pages 94 to 152 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


90   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                 for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                          Shares
                                                                          held for
                                                                            share                    Capital                   General                                           Non-
                                                      Share       Share    award        Capital redemption          Other       reserve Exchange     Retained               controlling
                                                      capital   premium   scheme        reserve      reserve      reserve          fund   reserve      profits     Total       interest     Total
                                           Note       $’000       $’000    $’000         $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000     $’000       $’000       $’000        $’000       $’000


Balance at 1 January 2024                             3,412      70,930        —         4,347             7        2,315       31,217    (41,989)   339,416     409,655        5,511     415,166


Changes in equity for 2024:


Profit for the year                                       —          —         —            —             —            —             —         —     119,055     119,055        1,325     120,380
Other comprehensive income                   8            —          —         —            —             —            —             —    (12,294)        (28)   (12,322)         (108)   (12,430)


Total comprehensive income                                —          —         —            —             —            —             —    (12,294)   119,027     106,733        1,217     107,950


Transfer from retained profits                            —          —         —            —             —            —         9,664         —       (9,664)        —             —          —
Shares issued under share option
   scheme                                 23(b)(ii)       37      5,857        —          (717)           —            —             —         —           —       5,177            —       5,177
Shares purchased for share award
   scheme                                 23(c)(vi)       —          —     (7,801)          —             —            —             —         —           —      (7,801)           —      (7,801)
Equity settled share-based
   transactions                                           —          —         —         3,444            —            —             —         —           —       3,444            —       3,444
Share options lapsed/cancelled                            —          —         —            (41)          —            —             —         —           41         —             —          —
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                   —          —         —            —             —          (675)           —         —           —        (675)         394        (281)


                                                          37      5,857    (7,801)       2,686            —          (675)       9,664         —       (9,623)      145           394        539


Balance at 31 December 2024                           3,449      76,787    (7,801)       7,033             7        1,640       40,881    (54,283)   448,820     516,533        7,122     523,655




                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025              91
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in United States dollars)




                                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                           Shares
                                                                           held for
                                                                             share                Capital                    General                                                Non-
                                                         Share    Share     award     Capital redemption         Other       reserve    Exchange        Retained               controlling
                                                         capital premium scheme reserve           reserve      reserve          fund         reserve      profits     Total       interest     Total
                                              Note        $’000    $’000     $’000     $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000           $’000       $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000


       Balance at 1 January 2025                          3,449   76,787    (7,801)    7,033            7         1,640       40,881         (54,283)    448,820    516,533         7,122    523,655


       Changes in equity for 2025:


       Profit for the year                                   —        —         —          —           —             —            —               —      196,904    196,904        (1,957)   194,947
       Other comprehensive income               8            —        —         —          —           —             —            —           17,574           1     17,575           138     17,713


       Total comprehensive income                            —        —         —          —           —             —            —           17,574     196,905    214,479        (1,819)   212,660


       Transfer from retained profits                        —        —         —          —           —             —        20,246              —      (20,246)        —             —          —
       Shares issued under share option
          scheme                             23(b)(ii)      24     3,577        —       (419)          —             —            —               —           —       3,182            —       3,182
       Vesting of shares under share award
          scheme                             23(c)(vi)       —      207      6,928     (7,135)         —             —            —               —           —          —             —          —
       Shares purchased for share award
          scheme                             23(c)(vi)       —        —    (24,166)        —           —             —            —               —           —     (24,166)           —     (24,166)
       Equity settled share-based
          transactions                                       —        —         —     16,100           —             —            —               —           —      16,100            —      16,100
       Share options lapsed/cancelled                        —        —         —         (44)         —             —            —               —           44         —             —          —


                                                            24     3,784   (17,238)    8,502           —             —        20,246              —      (20,202)    (4,884)           —      (4,884)


       Balance at 31 December 2025                        3,473   80,571   (25,039)   15,535            7         1,640       61,127         (36,709)    625,523    726,128         5,303    731,431




      The notes on pages 94 to 152 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

92   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                     for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars)



                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                           Note            $’000                    $’000


 Operating activities


 Cash generated from operations                                            16(b)        357,686                   70,575


 Tax paid
 — Hong Kong Profits Tax (paid)/refunded                                                  (2,148)                   2,355
 — Chinese Mainland and Korea tax paid                                                   (39,232)                  (8,847)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                                           316,306                   64,083


 Investing activities


 Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (74,083)               (247,958)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                       5,979                      146
 Payment for purchase of intangible assets                                                   (11)                    (532)
 Interest received                                                                         8,495                  17,536
 Proceeds from matured bank deposits                                                     925,392                 659,759
 Placement of new bank deposits                                                         (918,398)               (558,496)
 Prepayment for investment in an associate                                                    —                    (6,399)
 Payment for investment in an associate                                                   (2,119)                      —
 Proceeds from deregistration of a joint venture                                             571                       —


 Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (54,174)               (135,944)


 Financing activities


 Proceeds from new bank loans                                              16(c)         773,857               1,201,873
 Repayment of bank loans                                                   16(c)        (969,118)             (1,150,981)
 Capital element of lease rental paid                                      16(c)          (4,963)                   (4,942)
 Interest element of lease rental paid                                     16(c)          (1,794)                   (1,987)
 Interest paid                                                             16(c)         (13,982)                 (15,959)
 Proceeds from shares issued under share option scheme                                     3,182                     5,177
 Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                        10,647                   63,868
 Payment for purchase of shares held for share award scheme                              (24,166)                   (7,801)
 Payment for acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                               —                       (281)


 Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                 (226,337)                 88,967


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                35,795                  17,106


 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                 113,349                   96,726


 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      295                    (483)


 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                  16(a)        149,439                  113,349


The notes on pages 94 to 152 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        93
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1      Material accounting policies

             (a)     Statement of compliance

                     These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, which
                     collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”),
                     International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and related interpretations, promulgated by the International
                     Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                     Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
                     Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).
                     Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                     The IASB has issued certain new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available
                     for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information on any
                     changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they
                     are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

             (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements

                     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise Cowell e Holdings
                     Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in an
                     associate.

                     The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
                     that certain employee benefits are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out
                     below.

                     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires management
                     to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts
                     of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
                     experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
                     of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
                     readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

                     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
                     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

                     Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
                     effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 28.




94   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack
          of exchangeability issued by the IASB to these financial statements for the current accounting period. The
          amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not entered into
          any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another currency.

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period.

    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
          rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
          its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the
          Group and other parties) are considered.

          An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
          control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
          any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
          financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
          as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          Non-controlling interests (“NCI”) represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to
          the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of
          those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those
          interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect
          to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
          share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
          separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in
          the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) as an allocation of the
          total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the
          equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual
          obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
          financial position in accordance with notes 1(n) depending on the nature of the liability.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
          equity transactions.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
          any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any
          interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.



                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       95
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

             (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

                     In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                     impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
                     classified as held for sale).

             (e)     Associate and joint venture

                     An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
                     control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and
                     other parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the
                     arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

                     An interest in associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as
                     held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost,
                     which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
                     share of the profit or loss and OCI of those investees, until the date on which significant influence or joint
                     control ceases.

                     When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
                     interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
                     has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
                     the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any
                     other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the
                     joint venture, after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 1(i)
                     (i)).

                     Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
                     investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
                     way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

                     In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is stated at
                     cost less impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
                     group classified as held for sale).

             (f)     Property, plant and equipment

                     The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing
                     costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)):

                     —      right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not the
                            registered owner of the property interest; and

                     —      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and
                            equipment (see note 1(h)).



96   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (f)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
          accounted for as separate items (major components).

          Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. Any
          related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not reclassified
          to profit or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment less
          their estimated residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
          generally recognised in profit or loss.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

          —      Leasehold improvements                                           Shorter of the terms of leases or 13 years
          —      Plant and machinery                                                                              5–8 years
          —      Equipment, furniture and fixtures                                                                3–5 years
          —      Motor vehicles                                                                                   3–5 years
          —      Properties leased for own use                                                    Unexpired terms of leases

          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
          appropriate.

    (g)   Intangible assets

          Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
          Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially
          feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure
          capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads
          and borrowing costs, where applicable (see note 1(t)). Capitalised development costs are stated at cost
          less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)). Other development expenditure is
          recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

          Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
          (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)).

          Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
          the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised from the
          date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

          —      Development costs                                                                                           5 years
          —      Software                                                                                              5 to 10 years

          Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.



                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       97
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

             (g)     Intangible assets (Continued)

                     Club membership are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion
                     that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
                     circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the
                     change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date
                     of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out
                     above.

             (h)     Leased assets

                     At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
                     contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
                     in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of
                     the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                     As a lessee

                     At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
                     for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items such as laptops
                     and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides
                     whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments
                     are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                     Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                     payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                     cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
                     liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
                     Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
                     lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                     The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                     the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement
                     date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
                     asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
                     The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
                     (see notes 1(f) and 1(i)(ii)), except for the following types of right-of-use asset:

                     —      right-of-use assets related to leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered owner of
                            the leasehold interest are carried at fair value (see note 1(f)); and




98   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (h)   Leased assets (Continued)

          As a lessee (Continued)

          Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance with the
          accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised cost. Any excess of
          the nominal value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made
          and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

          The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
          an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
          a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase,
          extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding
          adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the
          carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

          The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope
          of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such
          modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is remeasured based
          on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
          modification.

          In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
          determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months
          after the reporting period.

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments

                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on:

                —     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits,
                      pledged bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, including those are held for the
                      collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest)

                Measurement of ECLs

                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
                present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       99
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                      (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                             Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                             The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

                             —       fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial
                                     recognition or an approximation thereof;

                             —       variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                             The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                             the group is exposed to credit risk.

                             ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                             —       12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                                     within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                                     instrument is less than 12 months); and

                             —       lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                                     lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                             The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                             which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

                             —       financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

                             —       other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
                                     life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

                             Loss allowances for trade and other receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                             ECLs.




100   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                Significant increases in credit risk

                When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information
                that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment,
                that includes forward-looking information.

                The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
                30 days past due.

                The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                —     the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                      Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

                —     the financial asset is 90 days past due.

                The Group considers a financial instrument to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating is equivalent
                to the globally understood definition of ‘investment grade’.

                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                Write-off policy

                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to the
                extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the asset becomes
                90 days past due or when the Group otherwise determines that the debtor does not have assets
                or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the
                write-off.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       101
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                      (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                             At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
                             inventories, prepayments and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of
                             impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                             For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                             cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                             cash-generating units (“CGUs”).

                             The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs
                             of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value
                             using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                             the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                             An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                             amount.

                             Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
                             of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in
                             the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                             An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                             reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                             that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
                             recognised.

              (j)     Inventories

                      Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                      Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
                      conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

                      Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
                      of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                      When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period
                      in which the related revenue is recognised.

                      The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
                      recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any
                      write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
                      in the period in which the reversal occurs.


102   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (j)   Inventories (Continued)

          A right to recover returned goods is recognised for the right to recover products from customers sold with a
          right of return. It is measured in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(r)(i).

    (k)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
          to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
          consideration is due.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
          transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
          initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised
          cost using the effective interest method and including an allowance for credit losses (see note 1(i)(i)).

    (l)   Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
          months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
          of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
          purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note
          1(i)(i)).

    (m)   Trade and other payables

          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
          other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
          case they are stated at invoice amounts.

    (n)   Interest-bearing borrowings

          Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
          recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
          Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
          note 1(t)).




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       103
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (o)     Employee benefits

                      (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                             and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                             rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                             these amounts are stated at their present values.

                             Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                             service is provided.

                      (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligation

                             The group has the following two categories of defined benefit plans:

                             —       defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees working in Korea

                             —       long service payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.

                             The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan
                             by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the
                             current and prior periods and discounting that amount. For defined benefit retirement plan for Korean
                             employees, the net obligation is after deducting the fair value of plan assets. For LSP obligations, the
                             estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising
                             from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with
                             employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant employees.

                             The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                             credit method. For defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees, when the calculation results
                             in a benefit to the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits
                             available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

                             Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the
                             return on plan assets in defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees (excluding interest) and
                             the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest
                             expense for the period is determined by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit
                             obligation at the beginning of the defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net
                             defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined
                             benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.




104   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (o)   Employee benefits (Continued)

          (iii)   Share-based payments

                  Share options

                  The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                  corresponding increase in capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date using
                  the binomial option pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options
                  were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally
                  entitled to the options, the total estimated fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period,
                  taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

                  During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                  resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the
                  profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition
                  as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                  recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that vest (with a
                  corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving
                  vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity amount is
                  recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount
                  recognised in share capital and share premium for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is
                  released directly to retained profits).

                  Share awards

                  The fair value of share awards granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                  corresponding increase in capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date by
                  reference to the market price of the Company’s shares at the grant date, taking into account the terms
                  and conditions upon which the awards were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting
                  conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the awards, the total estimated fair value of the
                  awards is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the awards will vest.

                  During the vesting period, the number of share awards that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                  resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the
                  profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition
                  as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                  recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of awards that vest (with a
                  corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve).

                  The consideration paid by the trustee for purchasing the Company’s shares from the market for the
                  share award scheme, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as shares held
                  for share award scheme and the amount is deducted from total equity. When the trustee transfers the
                  Company’s shares to the grantees on vesting date, the related costs of the awarded shares vested
                  are credited to shares held for share award scheme, with corresponding adjustments made to capital
                  reserve and share premium.

                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       105
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (o)     Employee benefits (Continued)

                      (iv)   Termination benefits

                             Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
                             those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

              (p)     Income tax

                      Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
                      extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

                      Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
                      and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
                      payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
                      uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
                      reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

                      Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

                      Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                      liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                      recognised for:

                      —      temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                             business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                             rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

                      —      temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries and joint venture to the extent that the
                             Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                             they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

                      —      taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and




106   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (p)   Income tax (Continued)

          —     those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement
                the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
          differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
          can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
          differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
          in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
          based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
          reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
          realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

    (q)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

          Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
          reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

          A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
          historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

          A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
          terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
          based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
          costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
          impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(i)(ii)).

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
          estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
          economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
          or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       107
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (r)     Revenue and other income

                      Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods.

                      The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis. In
                      determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains control of
                      the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s ability to direct the
                      use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

                      Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                      (i)     Sales of goods

                              Revenue is recognised when the goods are delivered to the location designated by the customers.
                              The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of IFRS 15 and does not adjust
                              the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component as the period of financing is 12
                              months or less.

                              For sales that had an original expected duration of one year or less, the Group has not disclosed
                              the information related to the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                              performance obligations in accordance with paragraph 121(a) of IFRS 15.

                      (ii)    Interest income

                              Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method using the rate that
                              exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the
                              gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

                      (iii)   Subsidy income

                              Subsidies are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is
                              reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions
                              attached to them. Subsidies that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as
                              revenue in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
                              Subsidies that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset incurred are deferred and recognised as
                              revenue in profit or loss over the useful life of the assets in which the depreciation of the related assets
                              is incurred.




108   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (s)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group companies
          at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
          at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
          in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
          was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
          currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
          generally recognised in profit or loss.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rates
          at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into United States dollars
          at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

          Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve, except to the
          extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.

          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence or joint
          control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified
          to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

    (t)   Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
          necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
          of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

          The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
          for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to
          prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended
          or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or
          sale are interrupted or complete.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       109
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       1      Material accounting policies (Continued)

              (u)     Related parties

                      (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                             (1)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                             (2)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                             (3)     is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                      (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                             (1)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                                     subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                             (2)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                                     member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                             (3)     Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                             (4)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                             (5)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                                     an entity related to the Group.

                             (6)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i)(1).

                             (7)     A person identified in (i)(2) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                     management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                             (8)     The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                     services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                      Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                      influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




110   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

    (v)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
          identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
          for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of
          business and geographical locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
          which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


2   Revenue and segment reporting

    (a)   Revenue

          The principal activities of the Group are manufacturing and sale of camera module and optical components.
          Revenue represents the sales value of goods supplied to customers and excludes value added tax or other
          sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          The Group’s customer base includes one customer (2024: one customer), with whom transactions have
          exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues, for the year ended 31 December 2025. Revenues from sales to this
          customer during the reporting period are set out below.

                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           Largest customer                                                                       3,454,694               2,418,117
           Percentage of total revenue                                                                   99%                    97%


          Details of concentration of credit risk arising from this customer are set out in note 24(a).




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       111
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       2      Revenue and segment reporting (Continued)

              (b)     Segment reporting

                      In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior
                      executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has
                      only one single reportable segment.

                      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from
                      external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and interests in
                      a joint venture and an associate (“specified non-current assets”). The Group’s revenue from external
                      customers is presented based on locations of goods physically delivered. The geographical location of the
                      specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of property, plant and
                      equipment, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets, and the
                      location of operations, in the case of interests in a joint venture and an associate.

                                                                         Revenue from external customers   Specified non-current assets

                                                                                  2025            2024             2025            2024
                                                                                  $’000          $’000            $’000            $’000


                       Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong                         3,232,645       2,192,875         376,614         376,320
                       India                                                     91,672        237,032               —                —
                       The Republic of Korea (“Korea”)                             657           1,562              191             206
                       Vietnam                                                  175,080         62,789               —                —


                                                                              3,500,054       2,494,258         376,805         376,526


       3      Other income/(loss)

                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                                 $’000             $’000


                Bank interest income                                                                             8,494           10,032
                Government subsidy                                                                               4,328             2,869
                Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           (2,926)             (484)
                Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                                                (2,899)          (49,371)
                Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                           —               (626)
                Gain on deregistration of a joint venture                                                          11                 —
                Net foreign exchange gain                                                                         604            10,966
                Others                                                                                           4,855             3,644


                                                                                                               12,467            (22,970)




112   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




4   Profit before taxation

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                                      $’000                   $’000


        (a) Finance costs
            Interest on bank loans                                                                                   14,027                  16,719
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             1,794                   1,987


                                                                                                                     15,821                  18,706


        (b) Staff costs# *
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                                                     9,562                   8,379
            Expenses recognised in respect of defined benefit retirement plans (note 20(a)(v))                            28                      25
            Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                                              16,100                   3,444
            Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                      106,099                113,231


                                                                                                                    131,789                125,079


    Staff costs also include directors’ remuneration disclosed in note 6.

                                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                                      $’000                   $’000


        (c) Other items
            Amortisation (note 11)                                                                                       496                    699
            Depreciation (note 10)
                          #


            — owned property, plant and equipment                                                                    59,635                  39,950
            — right-of-use assets                                                                                     5,555                   5,807
            Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                       339                    424
            (Reversal of)/loss allowance for expected credit loss                                                     (2,086)                 1,291
            Research and development costs other than depreciation and amortisation*                                 96,430                  70,150
            Cost of inventories# (note 14(b))                                                                    3,141,326               2,203,351

    #        Cost of inventories includes $133,619,000 (2024: $111,999,000) relating to staff costs and depreciation expenses, which amounts are also
             included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in note 4(b) for each of these types of expenses.

    *        Research and development costs other than depreciation and amortisation includes $43,357,000 (2024: $35,376,000) relating to staff costs,
             which amounts are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately in note 4(b).




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       113
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       5      Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

              (a)     Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                                           $’000              $’000


                       Current tax — Hong Kong Profits Tax


                       Provision for the year                                                              2,999              1,254


                       Current tax — Overseas


                       Provision for the year                                                             17,884             23,544
                       Withholding tax on dividend income outside Hong Kong                               10,000                 —
                       Over-provision in respect of prior years                                           (1,821)               (42)


                                                                                                          26,063             23,502


                       Deferred tax


                       Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                    (232)            (7,433)


                                                                                                          28,830             17,323


                      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in
                      the Cayman Islands.

                      The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated
                      assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation under
                      the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

                      For this subsidiary, the first Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and
                      the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% in 2025. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this
                      subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in 2024.

                      Pursuant to the Administrative Measures for Recognition of High-New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) jointly
                      issued by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
                      Taxation, Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics Co., Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
                      was certified as a HNTE. According to the provisions of Article 28 “Corporate Income Tax Law of the
                      People’s Republic of China”, the effective Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) rate for 2025 and 2024 was subject
                      to a reduced tax rate of 15%. Other Chinese Mainland subsidiaries were subject to statutory tax rate of 25%.

                      Under the tax law in Korea, the statutory corporate tax rate applicable to the subsidiary in Korea is 9% for
                      assessable income below Korean Won (“KRW”) 200 million, 19% for assessable income between KRW200
                      million and KRW20 billion, 21% for assessable income between KRW20 billion and KRW300 billion, and 24%
                      for assessable income above KRW300 billion for the years presented).

114   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




5   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Continued)

    (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents: (Continued)

          Withholding tax on dividend income is charged at 5%.

    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                              $’000                   $’000


           Profit before taxation                                                                           223,777                137,703


           Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates applicable to
             profits in the jurisdictions concerned                                                          33,727                  21,258
           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                 886                  3,921
           Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                   (4,153)                   (670)
           Effect of research and development bonus deduction                                               (10,184)                 (7,182)
           Over-provision in prior years                                                                      (1,821)                    (42)
           Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                                        348                    258
           Tax effect of unused tax losses utilised                                                               —                     (452)
           Withholding tax on dividend income outside Hong Kong                                              10,000                       —
           Others                                                                                                 27                    232


           Actual tax expense                                                                                28,830                  17,323


    (c)   Pillar Two income taxes:

          The Group is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion
          Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
          Development.

          From 1 January 2025, the Group is liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue
          (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in the Hong
          Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-up tax has not been implemented,
          including the Chinese Mainland.

          The intermediate parent of the Group, which is incorporated in Hong Kong, will bear the above mentioned
          top-up tax liability without recharge.

          The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about
          deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes and accounted for the tax as current tax
          when incurred.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       115
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       6      Directors’ emoluments

              Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
              the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:

                                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                                      allowances     Retirement                   Share-based
                                                      Directors’ Discretionary       and benefits       scheme                      payments
                                                           fees       bonuses              in kind contributions      Sub-total         (note)    2025 Total
                                                          $’000          $’000               $’000         $’000         $’000           $’000         $’000


                Chairman
                Meng Yan                                       —              139             150               —          289              21          310

                Executive director
                Wu Ying-Cheng                                  —              187             360               —          547              14          561

                Non-executive directors
                Chen Han-Yang                                  —              139               50              —          189               9          198
                Yang Li                                        —              139               50              —          189              12          201

                Independent non-executive
                   directors
                Su Yen-Hsueh                                   —               —                20              —           20              —            20
                Tsai Chen Lung                                 —               —                20              —           20              —            20
                Liu Xia                                        —               —                20              —           20              —            20


                                                               —              604             670               —        1,274              56        1,330


                                                                                          Salaries,
                                                                                       allowances       Retirement                 Share-based
                                                                     Discretionary    and benefits         scheme                    payments
                                                   Directors’ fees       bonuses            in kind   contributions   Sub-total          (note)   2024 Total
                                                            $’000           $’000            $’000           $’000       $’000           $’000        $’000


                Chairman
                Meng Yan                                       —               —              150               —          150              41          191

                Executive director
                Wu Ying-Cheng                                  —               54             377               —          431              27          458

                Non-executive directors
                Chen Han-Yang                                  —               —                50              —           50              18           68
                Yang Li                                        —               —                50              —           50              23           73

                Independent non-executive
                   directors
                Su Yen-Hsueh                                   —               —                20              —           20              —            20
                Tsai Chen Lung                                 —               —                20              —           20              —            20
                Liu Xia                                        —               —                20              —           20              —            20


                                                               —               54             687               —          741             109          850




116   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




6   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

    No director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments and no amounts were paid or payable by the Group to
    the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

    Note: These represent the estimated value of share options granted to the directors under the Company’s share option scheme. The value of these
          share options is measured according to the Group’s accounting policies for share-based payment transactions as set out in note 1(o)(iii) and,
          in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years where grants of equity instruments are
          forfeited prior to vesting.


           The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of options granted, are disclosed under the paragraph “Share
           option scheme” in the directors’ report and note 21.



7   Individuals with highest emoluments

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, nil (2024: two) is director whose emoluments are disclosed in
    note 6. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the five (2024: three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                                       $’000                  $’000


     Salaries and other emoluments                                                                                       256                    552
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                                               167                    213
     Share-based payments                                                                                              4,709                      —


                                                                                                                       5,132                    765


    The emoluments of the five (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                                Number of               Number of
                                                                                                                individuals              individuals


     HK$1,000,001 (equivalent to $128,001) to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to $192,000)                                       —                        2
     HK$3,000,001 (equivalent to $386,001) to HK$3,500,000 (equivalent to $451,000)                                       —                        1
     HK$4,500,001 (equivalent to $578,001) to HK$5,000,000 (equivalent to $642,000)                                         1                     —
     HK$8,500,001 (equivalent to $1,092,001) to HK$9,000,000 (equivalent to $1,156,000)                                     4                     —


    No amounts were paid or payable by the Group to the five individuals with the highest emoluments as an
    inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       117
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       8      Other comprehensive income

              Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                             2025                                        2024
                                                              Before tax        Tax     Net-of-tax      Before tax              Tax   Net-of-tax
                                                                  amount     expense       amount         amount         expense        amount
                                                                     $’000     $’000          $’000         $’000           $’000         $’000


                Exchange differences on translation of
                    financial statements                           17,712           —       17,712        (12,402)               —      (12,402)
                Remeasurement of net defined benefit
                    obligation                                           1          —               1         (36)               8          (28)


                Other comprehensive income                         17,713           —       17,713        (12,438)               8      (12,430)


       9      Earnings per share

              (a)     Basic earnings per share

                      The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                      of the Company of $196,904,000 (2024: $119,055,000) and the weighted average of 860,519,000 ordinary
                      shares (2024: 858,270,000 ordinary shares) in issue during the year, calculated as follows:

                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                                        ’000               ’000


                        Issued ordinary shares less shares held for share award scheme at 1 January                  859,564           855,383
                        Effect of share options exercised (note 23(b)(ii))                                             2,150              3,566
                        Effect of share awards vested (note 21)                                                         684                  —
                        Effect of purchase of shares held for share award scheme (note 23(c)(vi))                     (1,879)              (679)


                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                                    860,519           858,270




118   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




9   Earnings per share (Continued)

    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
          of the Company of $196,904,000 (2024: $119,055,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          of 891,093,000 shares (2024: 888,163,000 shares), calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                         ’000                   ’000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                                 860,519                858,270
           Adjustments for the Company’s share award scheme and
             share option scheme (note 21)                                                            30,574                  29,893


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at 31 December                       891,093                888,163




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       119
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       10 Property, plant and equipment

              Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                 Properties                      Equipment,
                                                Leasehold        leased for       Plant and     furniture and      Motor     Construction
                                            improvements        owned use         machinery          fixtures    vehicles     in progress       Total
                                                     $’000               $’000        $’000            $’000       $’000            $’000       $’000


                Cost:
                At 1 January 2024                   34,250           19,752         100,457           11,428       1,333           59,202     226,422
                Exchange adjustments                  (787)               (539)       (4,679)            (509)        (11)           (546)     (7,071)
                Additions                               —            29,072           2,006              197         235         268,223     299,733
                Disposals                               —            (1,174)          (3,397)             (54)       (241)             —       (4,866)
                Transfers                            6,445                  —       304,508            1,522           —         (312,475)         —


                At 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025                    39,908           47,111         398,895           12,584       1,316           14,404     514,218
                Exchange adjustments                   763                819         4,646              460          83            317       7,088
                Additions                               —                4,409        3,204               75         172         59,183      67,043
                Disposals                               —            (8,050)        (27,639)           (1,808)        (92)             —     (37,589)
                Transfers                            1,329                  —        57,310            1,175           —          (59,814)         —


                At 31 December 2025                 42,000           44,289         436,416           12,486       1,479           14,090     550,760


                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment losses:
                At 1 January 2024                   24,754               8,224       10,675            4,716       1,234               —       49,603
                Exchange adjustments                  (739)                (29)        (388)              (53)         (7)             —       (1,216)
                Charge for the year                  6,982               5,747       31,095            1,859          74               —       45,757
                Impairment loss                         —                   —        49,371                —           —               —       49,371
                Written back on disposals               —                 (824)       (2,623)             (53)       (241)             —       (3,741)


                At 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025                    30,997           13,118          88,130            6,469       1,060               —      139,774
                Exchange adjustments                  580                 141         1,370              134          28               —      2,253
                Charge for the year                  1,684               5,535       55,983            1,869         119               —       65,190
                Impairment loss                         —                   —        2,827                72           —               —      2,899
                Written back on disposals               —            (6,163)        (19,077)           (1,417)        (91)             —      (26,748)


                At 31 December 2025                 33,261           12,631         129,233            7,127       1,116               —      183,368


                Net book value:
                At 31 December 2024                  8,911           33,993         310,765            6,115         256           14,404     374,444


                At 31 December 2025                  8,739           31,658         307,183            5,359         363           14,090     367,392




120   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




10 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

    Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

    During last year, management considered that there were indicators of impairment for certain property, plant
    and equipment used for the production due to decrease of forecast orders of certain camera modules. Thus,
    the management performed an impairment assessment on certain property, plant and equipment of the Group’s
    camera module production line in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in notes 1(f) and 1(i)(ii).
    As a result, an impairment loss of $49,371,000 was recognised in respect of the respective property, plant and
    equipment in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    Right-of-use assets

    The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                              $’000                   $’000


     Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                                              31,658                  33,993
     Motor vehicles, carried at depreciated cost                                                                 45                       5


                                                                                                             31,703                  33,998


    The Group has obtained the right to use properties mainly as its factory, warehouses, offices and vehicles through
    tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 18 years.

    The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                              $’000                   $’000


     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
     — Properties leased for own use                                                                          5,535                   5,747
     — Motor vehicles                                                                                            20                      60


                                                                                                              5,555                   5,807


     Interest on lease liabilities (note 4(a))                                                                1,794                   1,987
     Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                      472                     640


    During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were $4,468,000 (2024: $29,072,000). This amount primarily
    related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new and renewed tenancy and motor vehicle lease
    agreements. Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes
    16(d) and 19, respectively.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       121
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       11 Intangible assets

                                                                         Development                        Club
                                                                                costs    Software     membership     Total
                                                                                $’000        $’000         $’000     $’000


                Cost:
                At 1 January 2024                                                 67        5,481            161     5,709
                Exchange adjustments                                               (8)         (58)           (19)      (85)
                Additions                                                         —           532              —       532
                Disposal                                                          —          (995)             —      (995)


                At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                             59       4,960            142     5,161
                Exchange adjustments                                                2          83              1        86
                Additions                                                          —           11             —         11
                Disposal                                                          (61)         —              —        (61)


                At 31 December 2025                                                —        5,054            143     5,197


                Accumulated amortisation:
                At 1 January 2024                                                 67        3,282             —      3,349
                Exchange adjustments                                               (8)         (36)           —         (44)
                Charge for the year                                               —           699             —        699
                Written back on disposal                                          —          (369)            —       (369)


                At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                             59       3,576             —      3,635
                Exchange adjustments                                                2          60             —         62
                Charge for the year                                                —          496             —        496
                Written back on disposal                                          (61)         —              —        (61)


                At 31 December 2025                                                —        4,132             —      4,132


                Net book value:
                At 31 December 2024                                                —        1,384            142     1,526


                At 31 December 2025                                                —          922            143     1,065


              The amortisation charge for the year is included in “cost of sales”, “selling and distribution expenses” and
              “administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




122   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




12 Investments in subsidiaries

    The following list contains the particulars of the subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
    of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                                    Place of                           Proportion of ownership interest
                                              incorporation/      Particulars of       Group’s
                                            registration and   issued and paid        effective     Held by the     Held by a
        Name of company                            operation         up capital        interest      Company       subsidiary    Principal activities


        Cowell Optic Electronics Limited         Hong Kong           HK$10,000           100%             100%              —    Trading of camera module and
                                                                                                                                    optical products

        Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics       The People’s       $433,831,900          100%                —          100%     Manufacture of camera module
          Co., Ltd                               Republic of                                                                       and optical products
          (東莞高偉光學電子有限公司)(*)(#)                 China (“PRC”)

        Ligao Optics (Dongguan) Co., Ltd.               PRC     RMB35,000,000            100%                —          100%     Manufacture and trading of
           (立高光學(東莞)有限公司)(*)(#)                                                                                                    camera module and optical
                                                                                                                                   products

        Dongguan Luxsense Innovation                    PRC RMB100,000,000                 51%               —           51%     Manufacture and trading of
          Electronics Limited                                                                                                      optical components
          (東莞立騰創新有限公司)(*)(#)

        Guangzhou OptiSpectra Co., Ltd.                 PRC      RMB2,000,000              70%               —           70%     Manufacture and trading of optical
          廣州譜极光電有限責任公司(*)(#)                                                                                                       components and provision of
                                                                                                                                   technical consultancy service

    *         Registered under the laws of the PRC as wholly foreign owned enterprise.

    #         The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names is for identification only.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025         123
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       13 Interests in a joint venture and an associate

              Details of the Group’s interests in a joint venture and an associate, which are accounted for using the equity
              method in the consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                             Place of                                  Proportion of ownership interest
                                                       incorporation/    Particulars of
                                                     registration and       issued and    Group’s effective        Held by             Held by
                  Name of company                           operation   paid up capital       interest          the Company          a subsidiary       Principal activities

                                                                                            2025       2024      2025      2024       2025       2024


              Joint Venture:


              Suzhou Liwei Optical Technology Co.,              PRC      RMB8,000,000          —       40%         —          —           —      40%    Manufacture and trading of
                Ltd.(#) (“Liwei”) (蘇州立維光學科技有限                                                                                                             optical products
                  公司) (note (a))

              Associate:


              Shaoxing Junwan Micro Electronic                  PRC     RMB19,188,360      20.7%         —         —          —     20.7%           —   Trading and manufacture
                Technology Co., Ltd.(#) (紹興君萬微電子                                                                                                           of electronic materials
                科技有限公司) (note (b))                                                                                                                         and semiconductors.

              Notes:

              (a)       This joint venture is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available. The registered capital of the joint venture is
                        RMB50,000,000. On 8 August 2025, Liwei was deregistered and RMB4,075,000 (equivalent to $571,000) was returned to the Group.

              (b)       This associate is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available. The registered capital of the associate is
                        RMB20,273,970.

              #         This entity is a PRC limited liability company. The official name of this entity is in Chinese. The English translation of the name is for
                        identification only.



       14 Inventories

              (a)       Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

                                                                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                                                                               $’000                    $’000


                           Raw materials                                                                                                      60,579                   45,002
                           Work in progress                                                                                                   28,003                   30,281
                           Finished goods                                                                                                 142,755                    239,902


                                                                                                                                          231,337                    315,185




124   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




14 Inventories (Continued)

    (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss
            is as follows:

                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


             Carrying amount of inventories sold                                              3,131,411               2,194,815
             Write-down of inventories                                                             9,915                   8,536


                                                                                              3,141,326               2,203,351


15 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                                   $’000                   $’000


     Trade receivables, net of loss allowance:
          — Third parties                                                                        559,522                375,477
          — An intermediate holding company                                                        3,797                   1,352
          — A fellow subsidiary                                                                    3,007                     626
          — Non-controlling interests                                                             11,869                  27,796


                                                                                                 578,195                405,251


     Other receivables and prepayments                                                            22,387                 29,457


                                                                                                 600,582                434,708


    All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       125
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       15 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

              (a)     Ageing analysis

                      As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade and
                      other receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance is as follows:

                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000


                       Within 1 month                                                                    573,839            404,582
                       Over 1 to 2 months                                                                   3,347               238
                       Over 2 to 3 months                                                                     194               237
                       Over 3 months                                                                          815               194


                                                                                                         578,195            405,251


                      Trade receivables, including amounts due from an intermediate holding company and a fellow subsidiary are
                      due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s credit policy are set out in
                      note 24(a).

              (b)     Non-current prepayment and other receivables

                      Non-current prepayment and other receivables mainly represented deposits for property leases.


       16 Cash and cash equivalents

              (a)     Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits:

                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000


                       Cash at bank and on hand                                                          149,439            113,349


                       Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                 149,439            113,349


                       Bank deposits with more than three months to maturity when placed                 157,922            161,371




126   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




16 Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                            Note                    $’000                   $’000


           Profit before taxation                                                                 223,777                137,703


           Adjustments for:
             Interest income                                                  3                     (8,494)               (10,032)
             Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            3                     2,926                     484
             Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                        3                         —                     626
             Gain on deregistration of a joint venture                        3                        (11)                     —
             Share of loss of an associate                                                             347                      —
             Finance costs                                                  4(a)                   15,821                 18,706
             Equity settled share-based payment expenses                    4(b)                   16,100                   3,444
             Amortisation                                                   4(c)                       496                    699
             Depreciation                                                   4(c)                   65,190                 45,757
             Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                 3                     2,899                 49,371
             (Reversal of)/loss allowance for expected credit loss          4(c)                    (2,086)                 1,291
             Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                           8,886                  (6,245)


           Changes in working capital:
             Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                    85,235               (181,290)
             Increase in trade and other receivables                                             (164,289)              (269,927)
             Increase in trade and other payables                                                109,866                 278,852
             Increase/(decrease) in defined benefit obligation                                            9                    (19)
             Increase in deferred income                                                            1,014                   1,155


           Cash generated from operations                                                         357,686                  70,575




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       127
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       16 Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

              (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
                      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
                      cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing
                      activities.

                                                                                          Bank loans    Lease liabilities
                                                                                           (Note 18)          (Note 19)            Total
                                                                                               $’000              $’000           $’000


                       At 1 January 2024                                                    274,760             14,443          289,203


                       Changes from financing cash flows:


                       Proceeds from bank loans                                           1,201,873                   —       1,201,873
                       Repayment of bank loans                                            (1,150,981)                 —       (1,150,981)
                       Interest paid on bank loans                                           (15,959)                 —          (15,959)
                       Capital element of lease rentals paid                                      —              (4,942)          (4,942)
                       Interest element of lease rentals paid                                     —              (1,987)          (1,987)


                       Total changes from financing cash flows                               34,933              (6,929)         28,004


                       Exchange adjustments                                                   (2,306)              (458)          (2,764)


                       Other changes:


                       Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases
                          during the year                                                         —             29,072           29,072
                       Decrease in lease liabilities from termination of leases
                          during the year                                                         —                (495)            (495)
                       Interest expenses                                                     16,719               1,987          18,706


                       Total other changes                                                   16,719             30,564           47,283


                       At 31 December 2024                                                  324,106             37,620          361,726




128   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




16 Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

    (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                            Bank loans Lease liabilities
                                                                              (Note 18)      (Note 19)                         Total
                                                                                 $’000           $’000                         $’000


           At 1 January 2025                                                     324,106                37,620              361,726


           Changes from financing cash flows:

           Proceeds from bank loans                                              773,857                     —              773,857
           Repayment of bank loans                                              (969,118)                    —             (969,118)
           Interest paid on bank loans                                           (13,982)                    —              (13,982)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                                      —                  (4,963)             (4,963)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                                     —                  (1,794)             (1,794)


           Total changes from financing cash flows                              (209,243)                (6,757)           (216,000)


           Exchange adjustments                                                     2,595                   809                3,404


           Other changes:

           Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases
              during the year                                                           —                4,468                 4,468
           Decrease in lease liabilities from termination of leases
              during the year                                                         —                  (1,936)              (1,936)
           Interest expenses                                                      14,027                  1,794               15,821


           Total other changes                                                    14,027                 4,326                18,353


           At 31 December 2025                                                   131,485                35,998              167,483


    (d)   Total cash outflow for leases

          Amounts included in the consolidated cash flow statement for lease rental paid comprise the following:

                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           Within operating cash flows                                                                   472                     640
           Within financing cash flows                                                                 6,757                   6,929


                                                                                                       7,229                   7,569


    (e)   Pledged bank deposits

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits provided to secure
          certain bank loans in Chinese Mainland. The bank facility expired during the current year and there was no
          pledged bank deposit as at 31 December 2025.

                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      129
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       17 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000


                Trade payables
                — Third parties                                                                      448,275            308,395
                — An intermediate holding company                                                       6,045             9,812
                — A related company                                                                  137,585            158,849


                                                                                                     591,905            477,056


                Accrued charges and other payables                                                    43,459             59,497


                                                                                                     635,364            536,553


              All of the trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one year or are
              repayable on demand. The related company is under the significant influence by the key shareholders of the
              Company.

              As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
              payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000


                Within 1 month                                                                       422,443            205,379
                Over 1 to 3 months                                                                   103,812            119,648
                Over 3 to 6 months                                                                    65,650            152,029


                                                                                                     591,905            477,056




130   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




18 Bank loans

                                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                                           $’000                   $’000


     Current — Within 1 year or on demand (secured) (note 16(e))                                               —                  10,000
     Current — Within 1 year or on demand (unsecured)                                                     29,573                196,483


                                                                                                          29,573                206,483
     Non-current — After 1 year but within 2 years (unsecured)                                            36,548                 27,676
     Non-current — After 2 years but within 5 years (unsecured)                                           65,364                 89,947


                                                                                                         101,912                117,623


                                                                                                         131,485                324,106


    The bank facilities were guaranteed by the Company and the intermediate holding company.


19 Lease liabilities

    At 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                     2025                                        2024
                                                     Present value                                 Present value
                                                   of the minimum        Total minimum          of the minimum           Total minimum
                                                   lease payments        lease payments         lease payments          lease payments
                                                                 $’000              $’000                  $’000                   $’000


     Within 1 year                                               5,146              6,787                  4,158                   5,895


     After 1 year but within 2 years                             4,577              5,961                  4,019                   5,571
     After 2 years but within 5 years                            7,364            10,793                   9,170                 12,787
     After 5 years                                           18,911               24,661                  20,273                 26,961


                                                             30,852               41,415                  33,462                 45,319


                                                             35,998               48,202                  37,620                 51,214


     Less: total future interest expenses                                         (12,204)                                       (13,594)


     Present value of lease liabilities                                           35,998                                          37,620




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025       131
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       20 Employees retirement schemes

              (a)     Defined benefit retirement plan

                      The Group makes contributions to a defined benefit retirement plan for Korean employees working in Korea
                      which covers 0.1% (2024: 0.1%) of the Group’s employees. The plan is administered by a trustee, who is
                      independent, with its assets held separately from those of the Group.

                      The plan is funded by contributions from the Group in accordance with an independent actuary’s
                      recommendation based on an annual actuarial valuation. The independent actuarial valuation of the plan
                      at 31 December 2025 was prepared by certified insurance actuaries of Dlog Actuarial Consulting, who are
                      registered with the Financial Services Commission, using the projected unit cost method. The actuarial
                      valuation indicates that the Group’s obligations under the defined benefit retirement plan are 100% (2024:
                      100%) covered by the plan assets held by the trustees at 31 December 2025.

                      The plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk and
                      market risk.

                      (i)    The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                                           $’000             $’000


                               Present value of wholly or partly funded by obligation                       298                275
                               Fair value of plan assets                                                    (284)             (269)


                               Net defined benefit retirement obligation                                     14                  6


                             A portion of the above asset/liability is expected to be recovered/settled after more than one year.
                             However, it is not practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable/payable in the next
                             twelve months, as future contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes
                             in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. The Group expects to pay $24,000 in contributions to
                             the defined benefit retirement plan in 2025.

                      (ii)   Plan assets

                             As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group’s liability under this plan is covered by deposits placed
                             with several banks. There is no plan asset invested in the Company’s own financial instruments or any
                             property occupied or other assets used by the Group.




132   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20 Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

    (a)   Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

          (iii)   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation

                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                            $’000                   $’000


                   At 1 January                                                                                275                    336


                   Remeasurements:
                   — Actuarial losses arising from experience                                                     5                     19
                   — Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in financial assumptions                      (7)                    11


                                                                                                                 (2)                    30


                   Benefits paid by the plan                                                                   (16)                    (92)
                   Current service cost                                                                         28                      25
                   Interest cost                                                                                12                      13
                   Exchange difference                                                                            1                    (37)


                   At 31 December                                                                              298                    275


                  The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 7.6 years (2024: 8.2 years).

          (iv)    Movements in plan assets

                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                            $’000                   $’000


                   At 1 January                                                                                269                    334
                   Group’s contributions paid to the plan                                                       21                      54
                   Benefits paid by the plan                                                                   (16)                    (92)
                   Interest income                                                                              10                      14
                   Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                                              (3)                     (5)
                   Exchange difference                                                                            3                    (36)


                   At 31 December                                                                              284                    269




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       133
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       20 Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

              (a)     Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

                      (v)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                             income are as follows:

                                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                                           $’000           $’000


                               Current service cost                                                          28               25
                               Net interest on net defined benefit obligation                                 2               —


                               Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                     30               25


                               Actuarial (gain)/losses                                                        (2)             30
                               Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                               3                5


                               Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                         1               35


                               Total defined benefits income                                                 31               60


                             The current service cost and the net interest on net defined benefit obligation are recognised in
                             administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                      (vi)   Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis
                             are as follows:

                                                                                                           2025             2024


                               Discount rate                                                              4.27%            4.38%
                               Future salary increases                                                    4.50%            4.50%


                             The below analysis shows how the defined benefit asset/obligation would have increased/(decreased)
                             as a result of 1% change in the significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                                                Increase in 1%            Decrease in 1%

                                                                                 2025            2024      2025             2024
                                                                                $’000            $’000     $’000           $’000


                               Discount rate                                      (20)             (20)      23               23
                               Future salary increases                            (23)             (23)      21               21




134   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20 Employees retirement schemes (Continued)

    (a)   Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

          (vi)   Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis
                 are as follows: (Continued)

                 The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions
                 are not correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial
                 assumptions.

    (b)   Defined contribution retirement plan

          The subsidiary in Hong Kong also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under
          the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction
          of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement scheme
          administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each
          required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of
          monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately, there is no forfeited
          contributions that may need to be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.

          The subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland participates in the defined contribution retirement schemes operated by
          the local authorities for employees in Chinese Mainland. Contributions to these schemes are charged to profit
          or loss when incurred. The Group is required to contribute 16.8% (2024: 16.8%) of employees’ remuneration
          to these schemes during the year. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately, there is no forfeited
          contributions that may need to be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.


21 Equity settled share-based transactions

    On 5 May 2021, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”), whereby the
    directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including directors of
    any company in the Group, to take up options at HK$1 to subscribe for shares of the Company. The options vest
    after 1 to 5 years from the date of grant and are then exercisable within a period of 6 to 10 years. Each option gives
    the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company and is settled gross in shares.

    On 21 March 2024, the Company adopted a share award scheme, to grant a total of 13,620,000 awards to 123
    selected employees (the “Grantees”) pursuant to the rules of the share award scheme. Each of the awarded
    shares granted to the Grantees represents the right to receive a share on the date it vests. The awards shares shall
    be vested in five equal tranches from the first anniversary of the date of grant to the fifth anniversary of the date of
    grant. Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 20 September 2024.

    The weighted average fair value of awarded shares at grant date of 20 September 2024 was $2.77 per share.
    2,575,400 share awards were vested, and 808,000 share awards were lapsed and 12,600 share awards were
    cancelled during the year ended 31 December 2025. 10,224,000 share awards (2024: 13,620,000 share awards)
    were outstanding as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       135
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       21 Equity settled share-based transactions (Continued)

              (a)     The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                             Number of                                               Contractual
                                                                            instruments      Vesting conditions                  life of options


                       Options granted to directors:
                       — on 25 May 2021                                        2,780,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               2,780,000     2 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               2,780,000     3 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               2,780,000     4 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               2,780,000     5 years from the date of grant             10 years


                       Options granted to employees:
                       — on 25 May 2021                                        6,310,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               6,310,000     2 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               6,310,000     3 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               6,310,000     4 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               6,310,000     5 years from the date of grant             10 years


                       — on 15 October 2021                                    3,440,000     1 year from the date of grant              10 years
                                                                               3,440,000     2 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               3,440,000     3 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               3,440,000     4 years from the date of grant             10 years
                                                                               3,440,000     5 years from the date of grant             10 years


                       Total share options granted                            62,650,000


              (b)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:

                                                                                      2025                                    2024
                                                                             Weighted                               Weighted
                                                                               average         Number of              average          Number of
                                                                         exercise price           options       exercise price           options
                                                                                                      ’000                                  ’000


                       Outstanding at the beginning of the year               HK$4.34              26,524            HK$4.35              36,234
                       Exercised during the year                              HK$4.23               (5,878)          HK$4.37              (9,242)
                       Lapsed/cancelled during the year                       HK$4.20                 (650)          HK$4.50                (468)


                       Outstanding at the end of the period                   HK$4.38              19,996            HK$4.34              26,524


                       Exercisable at the end of the period                   HK$4.41              10,466            HK$4.30               4,464




136   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




21 Equity settled share-based transactions (Continued)

    (b)   The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows: (Continued)

          The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for shares options exercised during the year was
          $4.39 (equivalents to HK$34.22) (2024: $3.03 (equivalents to HK$23.69)).

          The options outstanding at 31 December 2025 had a weighted average exercise price of $0.56 (equivalents
          to HK$4.38) (2024: $0.56 (equivalents to HK$4.34)) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 5.5
          years (2024: 6.5 years).

    (c)   Fair value of share options and assumptions

          The fair value of services received in return for share options granted is measured by reference to the fair
          value of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options granted is measured based
          on a binomial option pricing model. The contractual life of the share option is used as an input into this model.
          Expectations of early exercise are incorporated into the binomial option pricing model. There was no share
          options granted during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025.

          Fair value of share options granted in 2021 related assumptions

                                                                                                                                     2021


           Fair value at measurement date                                                                                 HK$0.56–0.70
           Share price                                                                                                    HK$4.10–4.84
           Exercise price                                                                                                 HK$4.14–4.84
           Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility used in the modelling under
             binomial option pricing model)                                                                                      67.41%
           Option life (expressed as weighted average life used in the modelling under
             binomial option pricing model)                                                                                  6–10 years
           Expected dividends                                                                                                    27.95%
           Risk-free interest rate (based on yields of Hong Kong government bonds and treasury bills)                              1.08%


          The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the weighted average
          remaining life of the share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
          available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input
          assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       137
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       22 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position

              (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                                                       $’000                  $’000


                       Hong Kong Profits Tax provision                                                                                 2,049                  1,198
                       Provision for tax outside Hong Kong                                                                             3,297                 16,385


                                                                                                                                       5,346                 17,583


                       Representing:
                       Current tax recoverable                                                                                               (3)                  —
                       Current tax payable                                                                                             5,349                 17,583


                                                                                                                                       5,346                 17,583


              (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

                      Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                      The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                      position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                             Differences
                                                                                between
                                                                            depreciation         Defined
                                                                          and the related         benefit
                                                                            depreciation      retirement                    Unrealised
                                                                             allowances      plan liability   Provisions        profits            Others      Total
                                                                                    $’000            $’000         $’000         $’000              $’000      $’000


                       At 1 January 2024                                           (5,303)              —           (694)           (68)               98      (5,967)
                       Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 5(a))            (6,934)               8        (1,355)          660               188       (7,433)
                       Credited to reserves (note 8)                                   —                (8)           —              —                 —            (8)
                       Exchange adjustments                                            87               —             14             —                (34)         67


                       At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                    (12,150)               —         (2,035)          592               252      (13,341)
                       Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 5(a))            1,001                —            418        (1,627)              (24)        (232)
                       Exchange adjustments                                         (250)               —            (46)           —                  2         (294)


                       At 31 December 2025                                       (11,399)               —         (1,663)       (1,035)              230      (13,867)




138   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




22 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

    (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognised

          In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(p), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
          assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of $7,036,000 (2024: $5,645,000) as it is not probable that the
          future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised would be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
          and entity. The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses, whose expiry dates
          are:

                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000


           In 2027                                                                                     1,223                   1,223
           In 2028                                                                                     3,485                   3,485
           In 2029                                                                                        937                    937
           In 2030                                                                                     1,391                       —


                                                                                                       7,036                   5,645


    (d)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

          Under the CIT and its implementation rules, a withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by a tax treaty or
          arrangement, is applied on dividends received by non-Chinese Mainland-resident corporate investors from
          Chinese Mainland-resident enterprises, such as the Company’s Chinese Mainland subsidiary. Undistributed
          earnings prior to 1 January 2008 are exempt from such withholding tax. Under the China-Hong Kong Tax
          Arrangement and the relevant regulations, a qualified Hong Kong tax resident which is the “beneficial owner”
          and holds 25% equity interests or more of a Chinese Mainland enterprise is entitled to a reduced withholding
          tax rate of 5%.

          As at 31 December 2025, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of the Group’s Chinese
          Mainland subsidiaries amounted to $296,787,000 (2024: $321,658,000). Deferred tax liabilities have not
          been recognised in respect of these undistributed profits as the Company controls the dividend policy of
          the subsidiary and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will not be distributed in the
          foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       139
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       23 Capital, reserves and dividends

              (a)     Movements in components of equity

                      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
                      equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
                      individual component of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                      The Company


                                                                                                    Shares held
                                                                                                      for share                  Capital
                                                                                Share       Share        award     Capital    redemption    Other Accumulated
                                                                                capital   premium      scheme      reserve       reserve   reserve     losses       Total
                                                                     Note        $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000         $’000     $’000      $’000      $’000


                       At 1 January 2024                                         3,412     70,930            —       3,898            7       707       (2,740)   76,214


                       Changes in equity for 2024:
                       Loss and total comprehensive income
                         for the year                                               —          —             —          —             —         —       (1,447)    (1,447)
                       Shares issued under share option scheme      23(b)(ii)       37      5,857            —        (717)           —         —           —      5,177
                       Shares purchased for share award scheme      23(c)(vi)       —          —         (7,801)        —             —         —       (7,801)
                       Equity settled share-based transactions                      —          —             —       3,212            —         —           —      3,212
                       Share options lapsed/cancelled                               —          —             —         (41)           —         —          41          —


                       At 31 December 2024 and
                         1 January 2025                                27        3,449     76,787        (7,801)     6,352            7       707       (4,146)   75,355


                       Changes in equity for 2025:
                       Loss and total comprehensive income
                         for the year                                               —          —             —          —             —         —       (1,345)    (1,345)
                       Vesting of shares under share award scheme 23(b)(ii)         24      3,577            —        (419)           —         —           —      3,182
                       Vesting of awarded shares                    23(c)(vi)       —         207         6,928     (7,135)           —         —           —          —
                       Shares purchased for share award scheme      23(c)(vi)       —          —        (24,166)        —             —         —           —     (24,166)
                       Equity settled share-based transactions                      —          —             —     15,613             —         —           —     15,613
                       Share options lapsed/cancelled                               —          —             —         (44)           —         —          44          —


                       At 31 December 2025                             27        3,473     80,571       (25,039)   14,367             7       707       (5,447)   68,639




140   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23 Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

    (b)   Share capital

          (i)    Authorised and issued share capital

                                                                       2025                                       2024
                                                              Number of                                Number of
                                                                 shares             Amount                 shares              Amount
                                                                    ’000                $’000                 ’000               $’000


                  Authorised:


                  Ordinary shares of $0.004 each              10,000,000              40,000          10,000,000               40,000


                  Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:


                  At 1 January                                  862,288                 3,449            853,046                 3,412
                  Shares issued under share option scheme         5,878                    24               9,242                    37


                  At 31 December                                868,166                 3,473            862,288                 3,449


                 The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
                 entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard
                 to the Company’s residual assets.

          (ii)   Shares issued under share option scheme

                 During the year ended 31 December 2025, options were exercised to subscribe for 5,878,000 (2024:
                 9,242,000) ordinary shares in the Company at a consideration of $3,182,000 (2024: $5,177,000).
                 $419,000 (2024: $717,000) was transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital and share
                 premium account in accordance with policy set out in note1(o)(iii).

    (c)   Nature and purpose of reserves

          (i)    Share premium and capital redemption reserve

                 The application of the share premium and the capital redemption reserve of the Group and the
                 Company is governed by the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

          (ii)   Capital reserve

                 The capital reserve comprises the following:

                 —    the portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options and share awards granted
                      to directors and employees of the Company that has been recognised in accordance with the
                      accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in note 1(o)(iii); and

                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      141
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       23 Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

              (c)     Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

                      (ii)    Capital reserve (Continued)

                              —      the contribution from one of the substantial shareholders of $2,040,000 to compensate part of
                                     the listing expenses incurred in 2015.

                      (iii)   Other reserve

                              The Company’s other reserve represents the fair value of the estimated number of unexercised share
                              options granted to directors and employees of the Group in 2010. The share options were cancelled
                              without any exercise in 2012.

                              The Group’s other reserve comprises the Company’s other reserve and the difference between the
                              consideration paid by the Company to acquire non-controlling interests in Cowell Electronics Co., Ltd.
                              and its carrying amount on the date of acquisition in 2012.

                              The Group’s other reserve also comprises:

                              —      the difference between the capital contributions from non-controlling interest for Dongguan
                                     Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited and the carrying amount of its share in Dongguan
                                     Luxsense Innovation Electronics Limited’s net assets on the date of acquisition in 2023; and

                              —      the difference between the consideration paid for acquisition of additional interest in Dongguan
                                     Shiyuan Photoelectric Technology Co. and the carrying amount of the non-controlling interest in
                                     Dongguan Shiyuan Photoelectric Technology Co., Ltd. on the date of acquisition in 2024.

                      (iv)    General reserve fund

                              According to the PRC laws applicable to wholly-owned foreign investment enterprises, the PRC
                              subsidiaries of the Group are required to set up a general reserve fund and appropriate at least 10% of
                              their annual net profits after taxation, as determined under PRC accounting regulations, to the general
                              reserve fund until the balance of the fund equals to 50% of the respective enterprise’s authorised
                              capital. This fund can be used to make good losses and to convert into paid-up capital.

                      (v)     Exchange reserve

                              The exchange reserve of the Group comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
                              translation of the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than United States
                              dollars. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 1(s).




142   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23 Capital, reserves and dividends (Continued)

    (c)   Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

          (vi)     Shares held for share award scheme

                   It represents the consideration paid for the purchase held for share award scheme. During the
                   year ended 31 December 2025, the trustee purchased and withheld 7,339,000 (2024: 2,724,000)
                   ordinary shares of the Company for a total amount of approximately HK$187,969,000 (equivalent
                   to approximately $24,166,000) (2024: HK$60,800,000 (equivalent to approximately $7,801,000)).
                   2,575,400 shares awards under for share award scheme of a total amount of approximately
                   HK$53,939,000 (equivalent to approximately $6,928,000) (2024: $nil) were vested during the year
                   ended 31 December 2025 and $207,000 was transferred from the capital reserve to the share premium
                   account in accordance with policy set out in note 1(o)(iii). As at 31 December 2025, a total number of
                   7,487,600 (2024: 2,724,000) ordinary shares of the Company were held for share award scheme.

    (d)   Dividends

          Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year:

                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                          $’000                   $’000


           Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of HK$0.35
                 (equivalent to $0.04) (2024: $nil) per ordinary share                                   39,050                       —


          The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the
          end of the reporting period.

    (e)   Capital management

          The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
          by pricing products commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable
          cost.

          The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
          the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
          and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
          changes in economic conditions.

          The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a net debt-to-capital ratio. For this purpose the
          Group defines net debt plus unaccrued proposed dividend as total debt less cash and cash equivalents and
          bank deposits. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.

          The Group did not have net debt as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. Neither the Company nor any of its
          subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       143
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24 Financial risk management and fair values

              Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

              The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group
              to manage these risks are described below.

              (a)     Credit risk

                      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
                      loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables. The Group’s exposure
                      to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is limited because the counterparties
                      are banks for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.

                      Trade and other receivables

                      The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
                      rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations
                      of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of
                      the reporting period, 96.7% (2024: 92.5%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest
                      customer and 99.9% (2024: 99.9%) of trade receivables were due from the Group’s five largest customers.

                      In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers. These
                      evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay,
                      and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment
                      in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing.
                      Debtors with balances that are more than three months past due are requested to settle all outstanding
                      balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
                      In respect of deposits with banks, the Group only places deposits with major financial institutions which the
                      Group’s management believes are of high credit rating.

                      To measure the ECLs, the Group distinguishes the trade and other receivables by different customers or
                      counterparties and estimates the corresponding credit loss rates. The credit loss rates are estimated based
                      on historical observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and study of other corporates’
                      default and recovery data, and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                      cost or effort. Such forward-looking information is used by management of the Group to assess the current
                      condition and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

                      As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for
                      different business lines, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between
                      the Group’s different business lines. There is insignificant loss allowance recognised under the ECL model in
                      2024 and 2025 (note 4(c)).




144   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24 Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

    (b)   Liquidity risk

          Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the
          short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject
          to the approval by the parent company’s board in respect of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly
          monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, if any, to
          ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major
          financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

          The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
          Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
          interest payments computed using contractual rates, or if floating, based on rates current at the end of the
          reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

                                                                          2025                                                                                2024
                                                   Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                                              Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                   More than     More than                                                          More than       More than
                                         Within    1 year but   2 years but                                Carrying       Within    1 year but     2 years but                                  Carrying
                                       1 year or    less than     less than      More than               amount at      1 year or    less than        less than      More than                amount at
                                      on demand      2 years        5 years        5 years       Total 31 December    on demand       2 years          5 years          5 years     Total   31 December
                                          $’000        $’000          $’000          $’000       $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000            $’000            $’000     $’000         $’000



           Lease liabilities              6,787        5,961        10,793          24,661      48,202      35,998         5,895        5,571          12,787           26,961     51,214        37,620
           Bank loans                    32,947       39,147        66,988                 —   139,082     131,485      211,763       32,185           96,045                 —   339,993       324,106
           Trade and other payables     634,409           —              —                 —   634,409     634,409      536,553            —                —                 —   536,553       536,553



                                        674,143       45,108        77,781          24,661     821,693     801,892      754,211       37,756          108,832           26,961    927,760       898,279



    (c)   Currency risk

          The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables,
          payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the
          functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk
          are primarily United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars.




                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025           145
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24 Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

              (c)     Currency risk (Continued)

                      (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                             The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                             arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
                             of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                             United States dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date. Differences resulting from the
                             translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency.

                                                                         Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in United States dollars)

                                                                                     2025                                  2024
                                                                         United States       Hong Kong         United States       Hong Kong
                                                                               Dollars           Dollars             Dollars            Dollars
                                                                                  ’000             $’000               ’000              $’000


                               Trade and other receivables                    206,081                 42            240,512                 42
                               Cash and cash equivalents                       18,843              1,825             19,266              3,594
                               Trade and other payables                           (177)               (23)              (64)                   —
                               Bank loans                                           —                 —             (30,000)                   —


                               Net exposure arising from
                                  recognised assets and liabilities           224,747              1,844            229,714              3,636


                      (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                             The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                             profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to
                             which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date,
                             assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate
                             between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any
                             changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies.




146   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24 Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

    (c)   Currency risk (Continued)

          (ii)   Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                                                                2025                                         2024
                                                       Increase/                                    Increase/
                                                      (decrease)     Effect on profit             (decrease)         Effect on profit
                                                       in foreign      after tax and                in foreign         after tax and
                                                 exchange rates     retained profits         exchange rates          retained profits
                                                                                $’000                                          $’000


                  United States Dollars                       5%                9,509                     5%                   9,722
                                                             (5%)              (9,509)                    (5%)                (9,722)
                  Hong Kong Dollars                           5%                    90                    5%                     154
                                                             (5%)                  (90)                   (5%)                   (154)


                 Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous
                 effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured in the respective functional
                 currencies, translated into United States dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting
                 period for presentation purposes.

                 The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to
                 remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency
                 risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the
                 Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the
                 borrower. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial
                 statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on
                 the same basis for 2024.

    (d)   Interest rate risk

          Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
          because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from lease liabilities
          and bank loans. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
          rate risk and fair value interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set
          out below.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       147
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       24 Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)

              (d)     Interest rate risk (Continued)

                      The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the reporting
                      period:

                                                                                     2025                        2024
                                                                            Effective                    Effective
                                                                         interest rate                interest rate
                                                                                   %          $’000             %           $’000


                       Fixed rate borrowings:


                       Lease liabilities                                         4.88        35,998           4.88         37,620
                       Bank loans                                                2.76       131,485           3.87        324,106


                                                                                            167,483                       361,726


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates,
                      with all other variables held constant, would not materially decrease or increase the Group’s profit after
                      taxation and retained profits. Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected in response to
                      a general increase/decrease in interest rates.

                      The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation (and
                      retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that change in
                      interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those
                      financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of
                      the reporting period. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2024.

              (e)     Fair values

                      The directors consider that the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised
                      cost are not materially different from their fair values at the end of the reporting period.


       25 Commitments

              Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2025 not provided for in the consolidated financial statements
              were as follows:

                                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                                            $’000           $’000


                Contracted for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                            12,264           9,433



148   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




26 Material related party transactions

    Transactions with related parties are carried out based on terms agreed with the counterparties in ordinary course
    of business.

    Apart from disclosures made in other parts of the consolidated financial statements, the Group entered into the
    following material related party transactions during the year.

    (a)   Key management personnel remuneration

          All members of key management personnel are the directors of the Company, and their remuneration is
          disclosed in note 6.

    (b)   Transaction with related parties

                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                                    $’000                   $’000


                Sales of finished goods
                — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (i))                                   6,988                   2,950
                — non-controlling interest (note (ii))                                                             36,531                  71,329
                Purchase of raw materials
                — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (iii))                                11,947                 19,678
                — related companies (note (iv))                                                                   280,256                217,442
                Purchase of equipment from related companies (note (v))                                             5,654                 17,688
                Purchase of labour service
                — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (vi))                                    128                     130
                — related companies (note (vii))                                                                    1,888                     548
                Supply of labour service
                — an intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries (note (viii))                                2,161                   1,952
                — related companies (note (ix))                                                                     1,562                   1,113
                Sales of equipment to intermediate holding company and its subsidiaries
                  (note (x))                                                                                        1,955                       —


          Notes:

          (i)       The Company entered into a supply framework agreement with Luxvisions Innovation Technology Corp. Limited (formerly known
                    as Guangzhou Luxvisions Innovation Technology Limited) (“LITCL”), an intermediate holding company, and its subsidiaries (“LITCL
                    Group”), pursuant to which the Group shall supply products to the LITCL Group.

          (ii)      The Company entered into a supply framework agreement with Suteng Innovation Technology Company Limited (“Suteng”), a
                    non-controlling interest, pursuant to which the Group shall supply products to the Suteng.

          (iii)     The Company entered into a materials procurement framework agreement with LITCL, pursuant to which the Group shall purchase
                    raw materials from the LITCL Group.

          (iv)      The Company entered into a purchase framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Limited (“Luxshare Precision”)
                    and its subsidiaries (“Luxshare Precision Group”), pursuant to which the Group shall purchase raw materials from the Luxshare
                    Precision Group. Luxshare Precision is under significant influence by the controlling shareholders of the Company.

          (v)       The Company entered into a machinery purchase framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the
                    Group shall purchase machinery from the Luxshare Precision Group.

          (vi)      The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with LITCL, pursuant to which the Group shall purchase labour
                    service from the LITCL Group.



                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       149
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       26 Material related party transactions (Continued)

              (b)     Transaction with related parties (Continued)

                      Notes: (Continued)

                      (vii)    The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the Group
                               shall purchase labour service from the Luxshare Precision Group.

                      (viii)   The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with LITCL, pursuant to which the Group shall supply labour
                               service to the LITCL Group.

                      (ix)     The Company entered into a labour services framework agreement with Luxshare Precision Group, pursuant to which the Group
                               shall supply labour service to the Luxshare Precision Group.

                      (x)      The Company entered into a machinery sales framework agreement with LITCL, pursuant to which the Group shall supply machinery
                               to the LITCL Group.


              (c)     Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                      The above-mentioned related party transactions in respect of sales and purchase constitute connected
                      transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
                      disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the section “Connected Transactions
                      and Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Directors’ Report.


       27 Company-level statement of financial position

                                                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                                                             $’000                 $’000


                Non-current assets

                Interests in subsidiaries                                                                                   66,944                72,795


                Current assets

                Other receivables                                                                                                1                     1
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    1,946                 2,760


                                                                                                                             1,947                 2,761


                Current liabilities

                Other payables                                                                                                 252                    201


                Net current assets                                                                                           1,695                 2,560


                NET ASSETS                                                                                                  68,639                75,355

                CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                Share capital                                                                                                3,473                 3,449
                Reserves                                                                                                    65,166                71,906


                TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                68,639                75,355


150   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28 Accounting judgements and estimates

    Key area of estimation uncertainty is set out as follows:

    Write down of inventories

    The Group performs regular reviews of the carrying amounts of inventories with reference to aged inventories
    analysis, projections of expected future saleability of goods and, management experience and judgement. Based
    on this review, a write down of inventories will be made when the estimated net realisable value of inventories
    decline below their carrying amounts. Due to changes in technological environment, actual saleability of goods may
    be different from estimation and the statement of profit or loss in future accounting periods could be affected by
    differences in this estimation.

    Assessment of impairment of non-current assets

    The Group performs impairment reviews of non-financial assets (other than interests in a joint venture and
    associate, prepayment and other receivables and deferred tax assets) to whenever events or changes in
    circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management assesses the recoverable
    amount of each such asset or CGU based on its value in use or on its fair value less costs of disposal, whichever
    is higher, depending upon the anticipated future plans for the asset or CGU. These calculations require the use of
    judgements and estimates.


29 Immediate and ultimate controlling party

    At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent controlling party of the Group to be Luxvisions
    Innovation Limited, and the ultimate controlling parties of the Group to be Mr. Wang Laixi, Ms. Wang Laichun,
    Mr. Wang Laisheng, Ms. Wang Laijiao, Luxsan Limited and Luxvisions Innovation Limited. Luxvisions Innovation
    Technology Limited and Luxsan Limited are incorporated in Hong Kong and do not provide financial statements
    available for public use.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       151
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)




       30 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but not
          yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025

              Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended standards,
              which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in these
              financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                                 accounting periods
                                                                                                               beginning on or after


              Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures —
                  Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments                           1 January 2026


              Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11                                            1 January 2026


              IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                            1 January 2027


              IFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                                        1 January 2027


              The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
              in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
              impact on the consolidated financial statements except for the following:

              IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

              IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
              comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. IFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods
              beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.

              Among other changes, under IFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories
              in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income
              tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-defined performance
              measures in a single note in the financial statements.

              The Group does not plan to early adopt IFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.




152   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
                                                                     Five-Year Financial Summary


                                                             2021           2022          2023          2024          2025
                                                       (in US$000)    (in US$000)   (in US$000)   (in US$000)   (in US$000)


Revenue                                                   799,291      1,116,210       923,846     2,494,258     3,500,054
Gross profit                                              120,498        174,447       127,766       290,907       358,728
Gross profit margin                                        15.1%          15.6%         13.8%         11.7%         10.2%
Operating profit                                           58,609        105,953        59,677       156,409       239,945
Operating margin                                             7.3%           9.5%          6.5%          6.3%          6.9%
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company       49,805         83,816        46,589       119,055       196,904
Bank balance and cash                                     188,243         44,508        96,726       113,349       149,439
Borrowings                                                 72,865         15,794       274,760       324,106       131,485
Total assets                                              552,102        631,154       943,296     1,442,554     1,543,702
Total liabilities                                         243,433        270,557       528,130       918,899       812,271
Total equity                                              308,669        360,597       415,166       523,655       731,431




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   153
       Definitions

       “Articles of Association”             third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the
                                             Company adopted by special resolution passed on 26 May 2022

       “associate(s)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

       “Board”                               the board of Directors

       “Company”                             Cowell e Holdings Inc., an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman
                                             Islands with limited liability on 28 November 2006

       “connected person(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

       “Cowell China” or “Dongguan Cowell”   Dongguan Cowell Optic Electronics Co., Ltd. (東莞高偉光學電子有限公司),
                                             a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in the Chinese Mainland on 5
                                             February 2002, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cowell Hong Kong

       “Cowell Hong Kong”                    Cowell Optic Electronics Limited (高偉光學電子有限公司), a limited liability
                                             company incorporated in Hong Kong on 6 March 2002, which is a wholly
                                             owned subsidiary of the Company

       “Cowell Korea”                        Cowell Electronics Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Cowell World Optic Co.,
                                             Ltd. and World Optic Co., Ltd.), a stock corporation incorporated under the
                                             laws of Korea on 29 January 1997, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                             Company

       “Director(s)”                         the director(s) of the Company

       “Group”                               the Company and its subsidiaries

       “HK$”                                 Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

       “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
         “Stock Exchange”

       “Listing Date”                        31 March 2015, on which the Shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                             Exchange and from which dealings in the Shares are permitted to commence
                                             on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

       “Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                             Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

       “Model Code”                          Model code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                             out in Appendix C3 (formerly known as Appendix 10) to the Listing Rules

       “PRC”                                 People’s Republic of China

       “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                             Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time

       “Shareholder(s)”                      holder(s) of Shares

       “Shares”                              ordinary share(s) of US$0.004 each in the share capital of the Company

       “US$”                                 U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America

154   Cowell e Holdings Inc.
