                (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and
                  incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                       NASDAQ: JD
                   HKEX: 9618 (HKD counter) and 89618 (RMB counter)

2023
Annual Report
CONTENTS
2     INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHT STRUCTURE

4     INTRODUCTION

10    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

11    PART I

      11   Key Information

      111 Information on the Company
      179 Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      207 Directors, Senior Management and Employees
      223 Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      227 Financial Information
      229 The Offer and Listing
      230 Additional Information
      246 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
      247 Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
254   PART II

      254 Controls and Procedures
      255 Audit Committee Financial Expert
      255 Code of Ethics
      255 Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      256 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      257 Corporate Governance
      257 Cybersecurity
258   PART III

      258 Consolidated Financial Statements
    INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING
    RIGHT STRUCTURE

    JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is controlled through weighted voting rights. Our share capital comprises Class A
    ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Each Class A ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote
    and each Class B ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise 20 votes respectively, on any resolution tabled at our
    general meetings, except as may otherwise be provided for in our memorandum and articles of association. Save
    for the weighted voting rights attached to Class B ordinary shares, the rights attached to all classes of shares of the
    Company are identical.


    The Company’s WVR structure (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”)) enables the WVR beneficiary
    (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to exercise voting control over the Company
    notwithstanding that the WVR beneficiary does not hold a majority economic interest in the share capital of the
    Company. This will enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of the WVR beneficiary
    who will control the Company with a view to its long-term prospects and strategy.


    As of March 31, 2024, our WVR beneficiary, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the chairman of our Company beneficially
    owns (i) 11,487,275 American Depositary Shares (each representing two Class A ordinary shares), representing
    22,974,550 Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 14,400,000 Class A ordinary shares that
    Mr. Liu had the right to acquire upon exercise of options that shall have become vested within 60 days after
    February 29, 2024, and (iii) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited. In addition,
    Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director,
    holds 17,535,844 Class B ordinary shares as of March 31, 2024, for the purpose of transferring such shares to
    the plan participants according to our awards under our share incentive plan, and administers the awards and acts
    according to our instruction. Mr. Liu will control approximately 70.5% of the aggregate voting power of the Company,
    including 3.8% of the aggregate voting power of our Company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising
    Holdings Limited as of March 31, 2024.


    Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof. Upon
    the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares, our Company
    will issue 323,166,624 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 11.8% the total number of issued
    and outstanding Class A ordinary shares as of March 31, 2024. For further information, see “Directors, Senior
    Management and Employees — Share Ownership” in this annual report.


    Upon (i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting power
    attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any person or entity that
    is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of such holder, or (ii) the direct
    or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting securities or the
    voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of all or substantially
    all of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is an entity to any person or entity that is not an Affiliate
    of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number
    of Class A ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal




2   JD.com, Inc.
                            Information about our Weighted Voting Right Structure (Continued)




number of Class A ordinary shares when (i) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu services as neither a director nor the chief
executive officer of our Company, (ii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of any
outstanding Class B ordinary shares, (iii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of
Max Smart Limited or any other entity who holds Class B ordinary shares, or (iv) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu being
permanently unable to attend board meetings and manage our business affairs as a result of incapacity solely due
to his then physical and/or mental condition (which, for avoidance of doubt, does not include any confinement
against his will).


Prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with weighed voting
rights structures, in particular that interests of the WVR beneficiary may not necessarily always be aligned with those
of our shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR beneficiary will be in a position to exercise their higher voting
power to influence the affairs of our Company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions, irrespective of how
other shareholders vote. Prospective investors should make the decision to invest in our Company only after due and
careful consideration.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        3
    INTRODUCTION


    Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report to:

    •    “ADSs” are to our American depositary shares, each of which represents two Class A ordinary shares;

    •	“CCASS” are to the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
       Clearing Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited;

    •    “China” or the “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China;

    •    “CSRC” are to the China Securities Regulatory Commission;

    •    “HFCAA” are to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted on December 18, 2020,
          signed into law on December 29, 2022 and amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023;

    •    “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars” are to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;

    •    “Hong Kong” or “HK” or “Hong Kong S.A.R.” are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;

    •	“Hong Kong Listing Rules” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
       Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;

    •    “Hong Kong Share Registrar” are to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited;

    •    “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” are to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

    •	“JD Health” are to JD Health International Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of
       which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 6618 (HKD counter) and
       86618 (RMB counter)), and, except where the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and the consolidated
       variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •	“JD Industrials” are to JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (formerly known as JD Industrial Technology Inc. and
       renamed as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, except where the context otherwise
       requires, its subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •	“JD Logistics” are to JD Logistics, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of which are
       listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2618), and, except where the context
       otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •	“JD Property” are to JINGDONG Property, Inc. (formerly known as JD Property Group Corporation and renamed
       as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, except where the context otherwise requires,
       its subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •	“Main Board” are to the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
       which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;

    •    “ordinary shares” are to our Class A and Class B ordinary shares, par value US$0.00002 per share;

4   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Introduction (Continued)




•    “PCAOB” are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States;

•    “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

•	“SFO” are to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or
   supplemented from time to time; and

•	“we,” “us,” “our company” or “our” are to JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing
   our operations and consolidated financial information, the consolidated variable interest entities and their
   subsidiaries. The consolidated variable interest entities include, among others, Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree
   E-Commerce Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information
   Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management Co., Ltd., and Suqian Juhe Digital
   Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. References to the consolidated variable interest entities may include their
   subsidiaries, depending on the context as appropriate. The consolidated variable interest entities are PRC
   companies conducting operations in the Chinese mainland, and their financial results have been consolidated
   into our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. JD.com, Inc. is a holding
   company with no operations of its own. We do not have any equity ownership in the consolidated variable
   interest entities.

Summary of Risk Factors
An investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares involves significant risks. Below is a summary of material
risks we face, organized under relevant headings. The operational risks associated with being based in and having
operations in the Chinese mainland also apply to operations in Hong Kong and Macau. While entities and businesses
in Hong Kong and Macau operate under different sets of laws from the Chinese mainland, the legal risks associated
with being based in and having operations in the Chinese mainland could apply to our operations in Hong Kong and
Macau, if the laws applicable to the Chinese mainland become applicable to entities and businesses in Hong Kong and
Macau in the future. These risks are discussed more fully in “Key Information — Risk Factors.”

Risks Related to Our Business
Risks and uncertainties relating to our business include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may be
     materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are
     unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may be materially and
     adversely affected” on page 32 for details;

•    We incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We incurred net losses in the past and we may
     not be able to maintain profitability in the future” on page 32 for details;

•    If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially
     and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are
     unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely
     affected” on page 33 for details;




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      5
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the online retail
         industry in particular, could adversely affect our revenues and business prospects. See “Key Information — Risk
         Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry
         in China in general, and the online retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business, prospects and results
         of operations” on page 34 for details;

    •    Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may
         materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations” on page 35 for details;

    •    If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business, financial
         condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
         Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing
         customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected” on
         page 36 for details;

    •    If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our business prospects
         and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks
         Related to Our Business — If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and
         effectively, our business prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected” on page 36 for
         details;

    •    We face intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if we
         fail to compete effectively. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We face
         intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if we fail to compete
         effectively” on page 37 for details;

    •    Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to new
         challenges and more risks. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our expansion
         into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to new challenges and
         more risks” on page 37 for details;

    •    If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be
         materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we fail
         to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially and
         adversely affected” on page 38 for details;

    •    Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network against security breaches could damage our
         reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. See “Key Information — Risk
         Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network
         against security breaches could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of
         operations” on page 52 for details;

    •    Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy
         and cybersecurity. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our business is subject
         to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity.”
         on page 53 for details;


6   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Introduction (Continued)




•    The approval of the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore
     offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such
     approval. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The approval of and/or filing with
     the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore offerings under PRC
     law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete
     such filing” on page 73 for details;

•    The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work performed for
     our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the past has
     deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related
     to Our Business — The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit
     work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F
     auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections” on page 74 for details; and

•    Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable
     to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat of their being
     delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Our Business — Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA
     in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of
     the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment”
     on page 74 for details.


Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
Risks and uncertainties relating to our corporate structure include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    We are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities
     and we conduct certain of our operations through the consolidated variable interest entities, with which we have
     maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares thus are not purchasing
     equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead are purchasing equity interest
     in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that the contractual agreements that
     constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities the structure do not comply with PRC laws and
     regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be
     subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Our holding company, the
     consolidated variable interest entities and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future actions
     by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
     variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the consolidated
     variable interest entities and our company as a whole. The PRC regulatory authorities could disallow the variable
     interest entities structure, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs
     or Class A ordinary shares may decline significantly in value. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related
     to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting
     part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these
     laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or
     be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations” on page 77 for details;




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         7
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations
         under the contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our business.
         See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — Any failure by the
         consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual
         arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our business” on page 80 for details; and

    •    The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us,
         which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. See “Key Information — Risk
         Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest
         entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business
         and financial condition” on page 81 for details.

    Risks Related to Doing Business in China
    We are also subject to risks and uncertainties relating to doing business in China in general, including, but are not
    limited to, the following:

    •    PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may influence our operations. It may
         exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign investment in, China-based
         issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to
         investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities to
         significantly decline. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The PRC
         government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our
         operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares” on page 90 for details;

    •    Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material
         and adverse effect on our business and operations. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
         Doing Business in China — Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government
         policies could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operations” on page 86 for details;

    •    Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us. Certain laws and
         regulations in the Chinese mainland can evolve quickly, which bring risks and uncertainties to their interpretation
         and enforcement. Administrative and court proceedings in the Chinese mainland may be protracted. Some
         government policies and internal rules may not be published on a timely manner. These risks and uncertainties
         may make it difficult for us to meet or comply with requirements under the applicable laws and regulations.
         See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to
         the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us” on page 86 for details;

    •    We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and
         incur increased costs. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We
         are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur
         increased costs” on page 87 for details;

    •    We may be adversely affected by the complexity and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and
         companies. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may be
         adversely affected by the complexity and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies
         such as e-commerce business and internet platforms” on page 87 for details; and


8   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Introduction (Continued)




•    The funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not
     be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland if our holding company, our
     subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities do not comply with applicable laws or regulations on cash
     transfers. Although currently there are not equivalent or similar requirements in Hong Kong on cash transfers in,
     or out of, our Hong Kong entities, if certain requirements in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to
     cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may
     not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by
     our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability
     of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct
     our business” on page 82 and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China —
     Governmental regulation of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect
     the value of your investment” on page 93 for details.


Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to general risks relating to our ADSs and Class A ordinary
shares, including the following:

•    The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
     could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — The trading price of our ADSs and
     Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses
     to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs” on page 100 for details;

•    We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A
     Ordinary Shares — We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies
     listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” on page 101 for details;

•    We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase
     program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the
     price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We cannot guarantee that any share
     repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase program will enhance long-term
     shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares
     and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves” on page 102 for details; and

•    If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
     business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline. See “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — If securities or industry
     analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price
     for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline” on page 102 for details.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         9
     FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


     This annual report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of future
     events. These statements are made under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
     Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,”
     “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “future,” “potential,”
     “continue” or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
     expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial
     condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include
     statements relating to, among other things:


     •    our goals and strategies;


     •    our future business development, financial conditions and results of operations;


     •    the expected growth of the retail and online retail markets in China;


     •    our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our products and services;


     •    our expectations regarding our relationships with customers, suppliers and third-party merchants;


     •    our plans to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform as well as new business initiatives;


     •    competition in our industry; and

     •    government policies and regulations relating to our industry.


     We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and you should read
     these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors.” Those risks
     are not exhaustive. We operate in a rapidly evolving environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is
     impossible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
     or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from those contained
     in any forward-looking statement. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking
     statements except as required under applicable law. You should read this annual report and the documents that we
     reference in this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
     different from what we expect.


     Our reporting currency is the Renminbi, or RMB. This annual report contains translations of RMB and Hong Kong
     dollar amounts into U.S. dollars at specific rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated,
     all translations of RMB and Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars into RMB in this annual report
     were made at a rate of RMB7.0999 to US$1.00 and HK$7.8109 to US$1.00, the respective exchange rates on
     December 29, 2023 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation
     that any RMB, Hong Kong dollar or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this annual report could have been, or could be,
     converted into U.S. dollars, RMB or Hong Kong dollars, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.



10   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                PART I


Key Information
Our Organizational Structure
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities as of March 31, 2024:

                                                                                  JD.com, Inc.
                                                                             (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                             100%
                            Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                       (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                      100%

                                  100%                          63%                                                               100%                     100%                        100%              100%
                                                                                 Jingdong
                                                                               E-Commerce                                                             JD.com                    JD Jiankang      JD Industrial
                               JD Property                                                                                   JD.com
                                                      JD Logistics, Inc.    (Trade) Hong Kong                                                       Investment                    Limited         Technology
                             Holding Limited                                                                              International
                                                      (Cayman Islands)            Co., Ltd.                                                          Limited(5)                    (British          Limited
                             (Cayman Islands)                                                                                Limited
                                                                               (Hong Kong)                                                         (British Virgin                  Virgin       (British Virgin
                                                                                                                          (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                      Islands)                    Islands)          Islands)


         100%                      75%                  100%                                                                              100%                                          67%              77%
                                                                                                                                         JD Sunflower
                                                       JD Logistics                                                                   Investment Limited
         JD Assets              JINGDONG                                                                                                                                          JD Health
                     (1)                              Holding Limited                                                                    (British Virgin                                          JINGDONG
      Holding Limited          Property, Inc.                                                                                                                                   International
                                                       (Hong Kong)                                                                          Islands)                                              Industrials,
      (Cayman Islands)       (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                                                         Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                  (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                   Islands)
                                  100%
                                     JD Asia
                                  Development                                                                                             51%                            100%
                                    Limited(2)
                                  (British Virgin                                                                                    Dada Nexus Limited      2%        Windcreek Limited
                                     Islands)                                                                                         (Cayman Islands)               (British Virgin Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offshore

                100%                                     100%                  100%                                                                                                                   Onshore
                                                                                                           100%            100%
                                                                                Shanghai            Jiangsu Huiji        Beijing Jingdong
                                                      Xi’an Jingxundi         Shengdayuan
           Jingdong Logistics                                                                           Space             Century Trade
                                                       Supply Chain                                                                                      Beijing Jingdong 360
              Supply Chain                                                     Information          Technology               Co., Ltd.(4)
                                                    Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                 Degree E-Commerce
                Co., Ltd.                                                      Technology              Co., Ltd.           (“Jingdong
                                                    (”Xi’an Jingxundi”)                                                                               Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                                                 Co., Ltd.                                   Century”)
                                                                               (”Shanghai
                                                                             Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                       100%
                                                                                                                           100%
                                                       Xi’an Jingdong            Suqian
                                                    Xincheng Information        Hanbang                                • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                     Technology Co., Ltd.      Investment           Suqian Juhe          Information
                                                       (”Xi’an Jingdong       Management          Digital Enterprise     Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                         Xincheng”)(3)           Co., Ltd.      Management Co., Ltd.   • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                 (“Suqian Juhe”)(3)      Shangke Information
                                                        100%
                                                                                                                         Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                      Beijing Jingbangda                                               • Chongqing Jingdong
                                                        Trade Co., Ltd.                                                  Haijia E-Commerce
                                                       (”Jingbangda”)                                                    Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                                                                Bangneng Investment    • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                                Management Co., Ltd.     Information Technology
                                                                                                 (”Jiangsu Jingdong      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Bangneng”)(3)




                                                                                                  Jiangsu Yuanzhou
                                                                                                  E-Commerce Co.,
                                                                                                    Ltd. (”Jiangsu
                                                                                                     Yuanzhou”)(3)
                Equity interest

                Contractual arrangements




Notes:


(1)      JD Assets Holding Limited has 65 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.


(2)      JD Asia Development Limited has 499 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.




                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023                 11
     Part I (Continued)




     (3)	Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe are the significant consolidated
           variable interest entities with which we have contractual arrangements. Suqian Juhe is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, 30% owned
           by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong
           Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is
           our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of JD Technology, a
           significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.


     (4)   Jingdong Century has 269 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.


     (5)   JD.com Investment Limited has 79 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.


     *     The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


     Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable
     Interest Entities
     JD.com, Inc. is not an operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the
     consolidated variable interest entities, but maintains contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest
     entities and is considered the primary beneficiary of these entities, whose financial results are consolidated in JD.com,
     Inc.’s consolidated financial statements under the U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. The contractual arrangements
     may not be as effective as direct equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities, and the government
     authorities may challenge the enforceability of these contractual arrangements. We conduct our operations in the
     Chinese mainland through (i) our PRC subsidiaries and (ii) the consolidated variable interest entities with which we
     have maintained contractual arrangements. The laws and regulations in the Chinese mainland restrict and impose
     conditions on foreign investment in certain value-added telecommunication services and certain other restricted
     services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery services. Accordingly, we operate these
     businesses in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated variable interest entities, and such structure is used to
     provide investors with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where laws and regulations in the
     Chinese mainland prohibit or restrict direct foreign investment in certain operating companies, and rely on contractual
     arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries, the consolidated variable interest entities and their shareholders to
     control the business operations of the consolidated variable interest entities. The external revenues contributed by
     the consolidated variable interest entities accounted for 6.2%, 6.9% and 7.8% of our total revenues for the years of
     2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. As used in this annual report, “we,” “us,” “our company” and “our” refers to
     JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information,
     the consolidated variable interest entities in China, including Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-Commerce Co., Ltd.,
     or Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as an internet information provider
     and operates our www.jd.com website; Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which was
     established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of selling books, audio and video products; Xi’an
     Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, which was established in June 2017
     and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics services; Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng
     Investment Management Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which was established in August 2015 and primarily
     engages in business of investment management; and Suqian Juhe Digital Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., or Suqian
     Juhe, which was established in June 2020 and primarily provides enterprise management services. The consolidated
     variable interest entities are PRC companies conducting operations in the Chinese mainland, and their financial results
     have been consolidated into our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. JD.com,
     Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We do not have any equity ownership in the consolidated
     variable interest entities. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares are not purchasing equity interest in the
     consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland but instead are purchasing equity interest in a holding
     company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and may never directly hold equity interests in the consolidated variable
     interest entities in the Chinese mainland.



12   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




A series of contractual agreements, including loan agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive
technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable,
intellectual property rights license agreement, equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, business cooperation
agreement and business operations agreements, have been entered into by and among our subsidiaries, the
consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders. Terms contained in each set of contractual
arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders are substantially
similar. As a result of the contractual arrangements, we are considered the primary beneficiary of these companies
and have consolidated the financial results of these companies in our consolidated financial statements under the
U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. Neither JD.com, Inc. nor its investors has an equity ownership in, direct foreign
investment in, or control through such ownership or investment of, the consolidated variable interest entities,
and the contractual arrangements are not equivalent to an equity ownership in the business of the consolidated
variable interest entities. For more details of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company —
Organizational Structure — The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities.”

However, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
over the consolidated variable interest entities and we may incur substantial costs to enforce the terms of the
arrangements. In addition, these agreements have not been tested in courts of the Chinese mainland. See “Key
Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We rely on contractual arrangements
with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners for a portion of our business operations, which may
not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control” and “Key Information — Risk Factors —
Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have
potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.”

Our corporate structure is subject to risks associated with the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
variable interest entities. If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of
the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and
regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to
relinquish our interests in those operations. The PRC regulatory authorities could disallow the variable interest entities
structure, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs or Class A ordinary
shares may decline significantly in value or become worthless. Our holding company, our PRC subsidiaries and the
consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future actions by
the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable
interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the consolidated variable interest
entities and our company as a whole. For a detailed description of the risks associated with our corporate structure,
please refer to risks disclosed under “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”
Specifically, there are also substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future
PRC laws, regulations and rules regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands holding company with respect
to its contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their shareholders. It is uncertain
whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted,
what they would provide. If we or any of the consolidated variable interest entities is found to be in violation of any
existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the
PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures. See
“Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines
that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not
comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the
future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations” and “—
Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment Law.”




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         13
     Part I (Continued)




     Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China
     We face various risks and uncertainties related to doing business in the Chinese mainland. Our business operations
     are primarily conducted in the Chinese mainland, and we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations
     in the Chinese mainland. For example, we face risks associated with regulatory approvals on offshore offerings,
     antimonopoly regulatory actions, and oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy, as well as the lack of inspection
     by the PCAOB, on our Form 20-F auditor, which may impact our ability to conduct certain businesses, accept foreign
     investments, or list on a United States stock exchange. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our
     operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
     to continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. As of the
     date of this annual report, regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong do not
     have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign investment in the future, continue to list
     on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, new
     regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong may be taken in the future, and
     such regulatory actions may have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign investment,
     continue to list on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
     For a detailed description of risks related to doing business in China, please refer to risks disclosed under “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China.”

     PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may influence our operations. It may exert
     more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign investment in, China-based issuers,
     which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors.
     Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities to significantly
     decline. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The
     PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our
     operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.”

     Risks and uncertainties arising from the PRC legal system, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement
     of laws and quickly evolving rules and regulations in the Chinese mainland, could result in a material adverse change in
     our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk
     Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese
     mainland could adversely affect us” and “ — We may be adversely affected by the complexity and changes in PRC
     regulation of internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.”


     The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
     Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting
     firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC will prohibit our
     shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the
     United States. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that the
     PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the
     Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, including our Form 20-F auditor. In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed us as a
     Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year
     ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021
     determination and removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable
     to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we were not identified as a
     Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31,


14   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




2022 and do not expect to be identified so after we file annual report on Form 20-F. Each year, the PCAOB will determine
whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other
jurisdictions. If PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely
accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong and we continue to use an accounting firm headquartered
in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of annual report on Form
20-F for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no assurance that we would not be identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we were so identified for two consecutive years, we would become subject to
the prohibition on trading under the HFCAA. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
Our Business — The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work
performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in
the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks
Related to Our Business — Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the
threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.”


Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations
We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. As of the date of this annual report, our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities have obtained the necessary licenses and permits from the
PRC government authorities, including, among others, ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits and Practicing
License for Medical Institutions, except as disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing
Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the complexity and changes in PRC regulation of internet-
related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.” Given the uncertainties of
interpretation and implementation of laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by government authorities, we
may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings or approvals for our business and operations in the future.

Furthermore, in connection with our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors, under current PRC laws,
regulations and regulatory rules, as of the date of this annual report, we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities, (i) are not required to obtain permissions from the China Securities Regulatory Commission,
or the CSRC, (ii) are not required to file an application for cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace Administration of
China, or the CAC, as advised by Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, and (iii) have not been asked to obtain or
were denied such permissions by any PRC authority.

If (i) we do not receive or maintain any permissions or approvals, (ii) we inadvertently concluded that certain
permissions or approvals have been acquired or are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations or interpretations
thereof change and we become subject to the requirement of additional permissions or approvals in the future, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such permissions or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and
such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including
fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

However, the PRC government has promulgated certain regulations and rules to exert more oversight and control
over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. On February 17, 2023,
the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         15
     Part I (Continued)




     Companies and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31,
     2023. According to the Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly offer or
     list their securities in an overseas market are required to file with the CSRC. In addition, an overseas-listed company
     must also submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offerings, issuance of convertible corporate bonds and
     exchangeable bonds, and other equivalent offering activities, within a specific time frame requested under the Trial
     Measures. Therefore, we will be required to file with the CSRC for our overseas offering of equity and equity linked
     securities in the future within the applicable scope of the Trial Measures. For more detailed information, see “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC
     or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if
     required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.”

     Cash and Asset Flows through Our Organization
     JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in the Chinese mainland
     primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland. As a result,
     although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding company level, JD.com, Inc.’s ability to
     pay dividends to the shareholders and investors of the ADSs and to service any debt it may incur may depend upon
     dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and license and service fees paid by the consolidated variable interest entities.
     If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing such debt may
     restrict its ability to pay dividends to JD.com, Inc. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to
     JD.com, Inc. only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
     and regulations. Further, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities are required to make
     appropriations to certain statutory reserve funds or may make appropriations to certain discretionary funds, which are
     not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. For more details, see
     “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Holding Company Structure.”

     Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current memorandum
     and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our shareholders may,
     by ordinary resolution, declare dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by our board of
     directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out of either profit or share
     premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the company being
     unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. See “Financial Information — Consolidated
     Statements and Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy” for details.

     As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
     regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
     loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of capital
     contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may provide
     RMB funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and to the
     consolidated variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction — Summary of Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review — Liquidity and Capital Resources”
     and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — PRC regulation of loans to and
     direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion
     may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities
     or making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which
     could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.”




16   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities are subject to
certain restrictions with respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Remittance
of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of the Chinese mainland is also subject to examination by the
banks designated by State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. The amounts restricted include the paid-in
capital and the statutory reserve funds of our PRC subsidiaries and the net assets of the consolidated variable interest
entities in which we have no legal ownership, totaling RMB46.4 billion, RMB58.2 billion and RMB67.6 billion (US$9.5
billion) as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Furthermore, cash transfers from our PRC subsidiaries
and the consolidated variable interest entities to entities outside of the Chinese mainland are subject to PRC
governmental regulations on currency conversion. As a result, the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated
variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of
the Chinese mainland if our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities do not
comply with applicable laws or regulations on such currency conversion. As of the date of this annual report, there are
not equivalent or similar requirements in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities. However,
if certain requirements were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities in the future, the
funds in our Hong Kong entities may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. For
risks relating to the fund flows of our operations in China, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
Doing Business in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries
to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.” and “Key
Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Govermental regulation of currency
conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment.”

Under PRC law, JD.com, Inc. may provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through capital contributions or
loans, and to the PRC consolidated variable interest entities only through loans, subject to satisfaction of applicable
government registration that we are not able to make direct capital contribution.

Our company has established a centralized cash management policy to direct how funds are transferred between
JD.com, Inc., our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries to improve the
efficiency and ensure the security of cash management. Our management has established a series of manuals
and policies on funds management, bank accounts management, financing activities and safe handling of cash and
assets, which apply to all of our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries. We
and our consolidated subsidiaries that are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange have also established respective
centralized cash management accounts within certain entities, under which funds are transferred and dispatched to
each subsidiary or consolidated variable interest entity under central command. The major offshore entities outside
of the Chinese mainland with the function of centralized cash management are JD.com, Inc. (our holding company),
JD.com International Limited (our intermediate holding company), JD Logistics, Inc., and JD Health International Inc.
(both of which are our subsidiaries). In addition, the major entities within the Chinese mainland with similar functions
are Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd. (a primary beneficiary of the consolidated variable interest entities),
Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (a consolidated variable interest entity), and Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd.
(a primary beneficiary of the consolidated variable interest entities). The centralized cash management function in
these entities lead to high-volume and high-frequency cash transferred and dispatched to the remaining consolidated
subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities. We have complied with the applicable laws and regulations
for the operation of such cash centralized management accounts and completed necessary registration and approval
procedures with governmental authorities. Every fund transfer within our group goes through an appropriate review
and approval process depending on the nature and amount of the transfer under our cash management policy.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023        17
     Part I (Continued)




     For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, JD.com, Inc. provided loans of RMB20.9 billion to, and
     received repayment of RMB7.4 billion and RMB12.6 billion (US$1.8 billion) from, respectively, our intermediate holding
     companies through our day-to-day centralized cash management activities. Please refer to the line item “Loans
     (provided to)/settled by internal companies” in the “Parent” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related
     to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the
     years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 on pages 29-31 for the detail figures.

     Our day-to-day centralized cash management activities also cover the cash flow of the consolidated variable interest
     entities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the consolidated variable interest entities received funding by
     loans from our intermediate holding companies of RMB11.7 billion. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
     2023, the consolidated variable interest entities repaid RMB3.2 billion and RMB3.3 billion (US$0.5 billion) to our
     intermediate holding companies. Please refer to the line item “Net proceeds from/(repayment to) internal companies”
     in the “Consolidated Variable Interest Entities” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to the
     Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years
     ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 on pages 29-31 for the detail figures. The consolidated variable interest
     entities received repayment of loans of RMB1.1 billion from, provided funding of RMB11.3 billion to, and received
     repayment of loans of RMB4.8 billion (US$0.7 billion) from our intermediate holding companies for the years ended
     December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Please refer to the line item “Loans (provided to)/settled by internal
     companies” in the “Consolidated Variable Interest Entities” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to
     the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years
     ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 on pages 29-31 for the detail figures.

     In May 2022, our board of directors approved a special cash dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share, or US$1.26 per
     ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively. The aggregate amount of the special dividend
     was approximately US$2.0 billion. In March 2023, our board of directors approved a cash dividend of US$0.31 per
     ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs. The aggregate amount of
     the cash dividend was approximately US$1.0 billion. In March 2024, our board of directors approved an annual cash
     dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023 of US$0.38 per ordinary share, or US$0.76 per ADS, to holders of
     ordinary shares and holders of ADSs. The aggregate amount of the dividend will be approximately US$1.2 billion. In
     addition, we have adopted an annual dividend policy, under which we may choose to declare and distribute a cash
     dividend each year, at an amount determined in relation to our financial performance in the previous fiscal year,
     among other factors. The determination to make dividend distributions in any particular year will be made at the
     discretion of our board of directors based upon factors such as our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition,
     business strategies and prospects, capital requirements, regulatory constraints to the extent relevant, availability of
     foreign currency and other considerations that the board deems relevant. See “Financial Information — Consolidated
     Statements and Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy.” For PRC and United States federal income tax
     considerations of an investment in our ADSs, see “Additional Information — Taxation.”


     A.   Selected Financial Data
          The following table presents the selected consolidated financial information of our company. The selected
          consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, selected
          consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, selected consolidated cash flow data for
          the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial
          statements, which are included in this annual report.




18   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                     Part I (Continued)




The selected consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020,
selected consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and selected consolidated
cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 have been derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements not included in this annual report. Our historical results do not necessarily
indicate results expected for any future periods. The selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, our audited consolidated financial statements
and related notes and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” below. Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

                                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                            2019          2020              2021            2022                   2023
                                                            RMB           RMB               RMB             RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                     (in millions, except for share, per share and per ADS data)

Selected Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:
Net Revenues(1):
Net product revenues                                     510,734       651,879           815,655         865,062           871,224        122,709
Net service revenues                                      66,154        93,923           135,937         181,174           213,438         30,062

Total net revenues                                       576,888       745,802           951,592        1,046,236        1,084,662        152,771

Cost of revenues                                         (492,467)     (636,694)         (822,526)       (899,163)        (924,958)       (130,277)
Fulfillment                                               (36,968)      (48,700)          (59,055)        (63,011)         (64,558)         (9,093)
Marketing                                                 (22,234)      (27,156)          (38,743)        (37,772)         (40,133)         (5,653)
Research and development                                  (14,619)      (16,149)          (16,332)        (16,893)         (16,393)         (2,309)
General and administrative                                 (5,490)       (6,409)          (11,562)        (11,053)          (9,710)         (1,368)
Impairment of goodwill                                         —             —                 —               —            (3,143)           (443)
Impairment of long-lived assets                                —             —                 —               —            (2,025)           (285)
Gain on sale of development properties                     3,885         1,649               767            1,379            2,283            322

Income from operations(2)(3)                                8,995       12,343              4,141          19,723           26,025           3,665

Other income/(expense):
Share of results of equity investees                       (1,738)        4,291            (4,918)         (2,195)           1,010            142
Interest expense                                             (725)       (1,125)           (1,213)         (2,106)          (2,881)           (406)
Others, net(4)                                              7,161       35,310               (590)         (1,555)           7,496           1,056

Income/(loss) before tax                                  13,693        50,819             (2,580)         13,867           31,650           4,457
Income tax expenses                                        (1,803)       (1,482)           (1,887)         (4,176)          (8,393)         (1,182)

Net income/(loss)                                         11,890        49,337             (4,467)          9,691           23,257           3,275
Net loss attributable to non-controlling
 interests shareholders                                      (297)          (75)             (923)           (697)            (910)           (128)
Net income attributable to mezzanine equity classified
 as non-controlling interests shareholders                      3             7                16               8                  —            —

Net income/(loss) attributable to the Company’s
 ordinary shareholders                                    12,184        49,405             (3,560)         10,380           24,167           3,403


                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023               19
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2019               2020              2021                 2022                  2023
                                                                                        RMB                RMB               RMB                  RMB                RMB               US$
                                                                                                   (in millions, except for share, per share and per ADS data)

          Net income/(loss) per share
          Basic                                                                          4.18             16.35              (1.15)               3.32               7.69               1.08
          Diluted                                                                        4.11             15.84              (1.15)               3.21               7.61               1.07
          Net income/(loss) per ADS      (5)


          Basic                                                                          8.37             32.70              (2.29)               6.64           15.37                  2.17
          Diluted                                                                        8.21             31.68              (2.29)               6.42           15.23                  2.14
          Weighted average number of shares:
          Basic                                                                 2,912,637,241   3,021,808,985        3,107,436,665      3,125,571,110     3,144,233,160        3,144,233,160
          Diluted                                                               2,967,321,803   3,109,024,030        3,107,436,665      3,180,886,136     3,170,542,396        3,170,542,396



          (1)       Our net revenues include net product revenues and net service revenues. Product sales is further divided into sales of electronics and
                    home appliances products and sales of general merchandise products. Net revenues from electronics and home appliances products
                    include revenues from sales of computer, communication and consumer electronics products as well as home appliances. Net revenues
                    from general merchandise products mainly include revenues from sales of food, beverage and fresh produce, baby and maternity
                    products, furniture and household goods, cosmetics and other personal care items, pharmaceutical and healthcare products, industrial
                    products, books, automobile accessories, apparel and footwear, bags and jewelry. Net service revenues are further divided into revenues
                    from online marketplace and marketing and revenues from logistics and other services. The following table breaks down our total net
                    revenues by these categories, by amounts and as percentages of total net revenues:


                                                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                 2019                    2020                     2021                     2022                             2023

                                                             RMB           %         RMB           %         RMB            %          RMB           %       RMB              US$         %

                                                                                                        (in millions, except for percentages)

                    Electronics and home appliances
                      revenues                             328,703       57.0      400,927       53.8     492,592         51.8    515,945          49.3    538,799          75,888      49.7

                    General merchandise revenues           182,031       31.5      250,952       33.6     323,063         33.9    349,117          33.4    332,425          46,821      30.6

                    Net product revenues                   510,734       88.5      651,879       87.4     815,655         85.7    865,062          82.7    871,224     122,709          80.3

                    Marketplace and marketing
                      revenues                              42,680        7.4       53,473        7.2      72,118          7.6        81,970        7.8     84,726          11,933       7.8

                    Logistics and other service revenues    23,474        4.1       40,450        5.4      63,819          6.7        99,204        9.5    128,712          18,129      11.9

                    Net service revenues                    66,154       11.5       93,923       12.6     135,937         14.3    181,174          17.3    213,438          30,062      19.7

                    Total net revenues                     576,888      100.0      745,802      100.0     951,592        100.0 1,046,236          100.0 1,084,662      152,771         100.0



          (2)       Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:




20   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                      Part I (Continued)




                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                             2019           2020            2021             2022              2023

                                                             RMB            RMB             RMB              RMB          RMB             US$

                                                                                            (in millions)

      Cost of revenues                                         (82)           (98)          (102)            (143)         (133)           (19)

      Fulfillment                                             (440)          (646)          (882)            (930)         (697)           (98)

      Marketing                                               (259)          (347)          (586)            (631)         (426)           (60)

      Research and development                              (1,340)        (1,400)        (1,781)           (1,557)        (859)          (121)

      General and administrative                            (1,574)        (1,665)        (5,783)           (4,287)      (2,689)          (379)

      Total                                                 (3,695)        (4,156)        (9,134)           (7,548)      (4,804)          (677)




(3)   Includes amortization of business cooperation arrangement and intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions as follows:


                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                             2019           2020            2021             2022              2023

                                                             RMB            RMB             RMB              RMB          RMB             US$

                                                                                            (in millions)


      Fulfillment                                             (165)          (193)          (220)            (392)         (414)           (58)

      Marketing                                               (637)          (692)          (854)            (868)         (880)          (124)

      Research and development                                 (99)           (99)          (104)            (271)         (305)           (43)

      General and administrative                              (308)          (309)          (309)            (161)         (128)           (18)

      Total                                                 (1,209)        (1,293)        (1,487)           (1,692)      (1,727)          (243)




(4)   Interest income was included in Others, net since 2021, and the presentation of prior years was also updated to conform to current
      presentation.


(5)   Each ADS represents two Class A ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023            21
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2019          2020            2021              2022          2023

                                                                         RMB           RMB             RMB               RMB       RMB          US$

                                                                                                        (in millions)


                Selected Consolidated Balance Sheets Data:

                Cash and cash equivalents                              36,971        86,085          70,767             78,861    71,892      10,126

                Restricted cash                                         2,941         4,434            5,926             6,254     7,506       1,057

                Short-term investments                                 24,603        60,577         114,564         141,095      118,254      16,656

                Accounts receivable, net                                6,191         7,112          11,900             20,576    20,302       2,859

                Inventories, net                                       57,932        58,933          75,601             77,949    68,058       9,586

                Property, equipment and software, net                  20,654        22,597          32,944             55,080    70,035       9,864

                Land use rights, net                                   10,892        11,125          14,328             33,848    39,563       5,572

                Operating lease right-of-use assets                     8,644        15,484          19,987             22,267    20,863       2,938

                Investment in equity investees                         35,576        58,501          63,222             57,641    56,746       7,993

                Marketable securities and other investments            21,417        44,085          24,248             14,360    80,840      11,386

                Other non-current assets                                6,806         8,316          16,644             16,021    14,522       2,045

                Total assets                                          259,724       422,288         496,507         595,250      628,958      88,586

                Short-term debts                                           —             —            4,368             12,146     5,034        709

                Accounts payable                                       90,428       106,818         140,484         160,607      166,167      23,404

                Accrued expenses and other current liabilities         24,656        30,035          34,468             42,570    43,533       6,132

                Unsecured senior notes                                  6,912        12,854           9,386             10,224    10,411       1,466

                Long-term borrowings                                    3,139         2,936               —             20,009    31,555       4,444

                Operating lease liabilities                             8,717        15,763          20,386             22,666    21,431       3,018

                Total liabilities                                     159,099       200,669         249,723         321,127      332,578      46,842

                Total mezzanine equity                                 15,964        17,133           1,212               590       614          86

                Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                81,856       187,543         208,911         213,366      231,858      32,657

                Number of outstanding ordinary shares            2,924,315,263 3,103,499,039 3,110,791,649 3,135,679,247 3,137,663,915 3,137,663,915




22   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




                                                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                             2019       2020              2021               2022              2023

                                                                                             RMB        RMB              RMB                 RMB        RMB             US$

                                                                                                                           (in millions)


Selected Consolidated Cash Flows Data:

Net cash provided by operating activities                                                  24,781     42,544            42,301             57,819     59,521           8,383

Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (25,349)   (57,811)         (74,248)            (54,026)   (59,543)        (8,386)

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                         2,572     71,072            19,503              1,180      (5,808)          (818)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                 406      (5,082)          (1,498)             3,490        125             17

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                       2,410     50,723           (13,942)             8,463      (5,705)          (804)

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within assets held for sale                                  37,502     39,912            90,635             76,693     85,156          11,994

Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash classified within assets held for
  sale at beginning of year                                                                     —          —               116                  —         41               6

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year                           37,502     39,912            90,519             76,693     85,115          11,988

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within assets held for sale                                  39,912     90,635            76,693             85,156     79,451          11,190

Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash classified within assets held for sale
  at end of year                                                                                —        116                —                  41         53               7

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year                                  39,912     90,519            76,693             85,115     79,398          11,183




                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023               23
     Part I (Continued)




     Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
     The following table presents the condensed consolidating schedule of financial position for the consolidated variable
     interest entities and their subsidiaries (collectively, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities or VIEs) and other entities
     as of the dates presented.


     Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31, 2023

                                                                                 Primary
                                                                          Beneficiaries of
                                                                            Consolidated     Consolidated
                                                                                 Variable        Variable
                                                                Other            Interest        Interest                       Consolidated
                                                Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities         Entities      Eliminations           Total

                                                                                  (RMB in millions)


     Net revenues                                   —       1,119,133            745,180          145,795           (925,446)      1,084,662

       Third-party revenues                         —         991,705               7,817             85,140              —        1,084,662

       Inter-company revenues                       —         127,428            737,363              60,655        (925,446)             —

     Cost of revenues                               —        (947,261)           (690,707)       (130,540)          843,550         (924,958)

     Fulfillment                                    —          (91,646)           (12,982)            (4,584)        44,654          (64,558)

     Marketing                                      (4)        (35,231)           (17,495)            (3,970)        16,567          (40,133)

     Research and development                       —          (15,662)           (16,345)            (4,853)        20,467          (16,393)

     General and administrative                   (204)         (4,881)            (2,794)            (2,039)           208           (9,710)

     Impairment of goodwill                         —           (3,143)                —                  —               —           (3,143)

     Impairment of long-lived assets                —           (2,025)                —                  —               —           (2,025)

     Gain on sale of development properties         —           2,283                  —                  —               —            2,283

     Income/(loss) from operations                (208)        21,567               4,857               (191)             —           26,025

     Income from subsidiaries and VIEs          24,967         10,305               1,066                 —          (36,338)             —

     Other income/(expense), net                  (591)         (1,328)             4,367              3,177              —            5,625

     Income before tax                          24,168         30,544              10,290              2,986         (36,338)         31,650

     Income tax expenses                            (1)         (6,889)            (1,020)              (483)             —           (8,393)

     Net income                                 24,167         23,655               9,270              2,503         (36,338)         23,257




24   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




                                                              For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

                                                                          Primary
                                                                  Beneficiaries of
                                                                    Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                         Variable          Variable
                                                         Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                         Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                           (RMB in millions)


Net revenues                                 —       1,074,639           719,883           134,516           (882,802)     1,046,236

  Third-party revenues                       —        967,244               6,326              72,666              —       1,046,236

  Inter-company revenues                     —        107,395            713,557               61,850        (882,802)             —

Cost of revenues                             —        (905,349)          (664,233)        (119,868)          790,287        (899,163)

Fulfillment                                  —         (92,643)           (13,890)              (4,229)        47,751         (63,011)

Marketing                                    (2)       (31,312)           (24,083)              (3,622)        21,247         (37,772)

Research and development                     —         (18,184)           (16,688)              (5,370)        23,349         (16,893)

General and administrative                 (331)        (3,640)            (4,347)              (2,903)           168         (11,053)

Gain on sale of development properties       —           1,379                 —                    —              —           1,379

Income/(loss) from operations              (333)        24,890             (3,358)              (1,476)            —          19,723

Income from subsidiaries and VIEs        10,667            502            17,785                    —         (28,954)             —

Other income/(expense), net                 48         (11,491)             3,599                2,780           (792)         (5,856)

Income before tax                        10,382         13,901            18,026                 1,304        (29,746)        13,867

Income tax expenses                          (2)        (4,097)                90                 (167)            —           (4,176)

Net income                               10,380          9,804            18,116                 1,137        (29,746)         9,691




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023          25
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

                                                                                 Primary
                                                                         Beneficiaries of
                                                                           Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                Variable          Variable
                                                                Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                  (RMB in millions)


     Net revenues                                   —        984,998            676,041           117,419           (826,866)       951,592

       Third-party revenues                         —        887,340               5,128              59,124              —         951,592

       Inter-company revenues                       —          97,658           670,913               58,295        (826,866)             —

     Cost of revenues                               —        (837,268)          (621,811)        (104,564)          741,117        (822,526)

     Fulfillment                                    —         (80,833)           (18,225)              (4,657)        44,660         (59,055)

     Marketing                                      (4)       (32,954)           (23,997)              (3,108)        21,320         (38,743)

     Research and development                       —         (17,155)           (13,473)              (5,420)        19,716         (16,332)

     General and administrative                  (465)         (6,282)            (2,511)              (2,357)            53         (11,562)

     Gain on sale of development properties         —             767                 —                    —              —             767

     Income/(loss) from operations               (469)         11,273             (3,976)              (2,687)            —           4,141


     Income/(loss) from subsidiaries and VIEs   (2,708)        (4,774)           12,037                    —          (4,555)             —

     Other income/(expense), net                 (376)         (8,555)             2,558                 (348)            —           (6,721)

     Income/(loss) before tax                   (3,553)        (2,056)           10,619                (3,035)        (4,555)         (2,580)

     Income tax expenses                            (7)        (1,716)              (130)                 (34)            —           (1,887)

     Net income/(loss)                          (3,560)        (3,772)           10,489                (3,069)        (4,555)         (4,467)




26   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




                                                                           As of December 31, 2023

                                                                              Primary
                                                                       Beneficiaries of
                                                                        Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                              Variable        Variable
                                                              Other           Interest        Interest                      Consolidated
                                              Parent    Subsidiaries          Entities         Entities     Eliminations           Total

                                                                               (RMB in millions)


Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                       4,788        24,563             31,664             10,877             —           71,892

Restricted cash                                    —          2,871              4,607                28              —            7,506

Short-term investments                          2,843        59,775             53,304              2,332             —          118,254

Accounts receivable, net                           —         13,863                360              6,079             —           20,302

Inventories, net                                   —         22,270             41,895              3,893             —           68,058

Internal balance                               53,088        89,387             29,178                 —        (171,653)             —

Investment in equity investees                     —         32,994              4,635             19,898           (781)         56,746

Investments in subsidiaries and
  consolidated VIEs                           188,817        56,577             43,355                 —        (288,749)             —

Marketable securities and other investments        —         24,160             56,572               108              —           80,840

Property, equipment and software, net              —         57,669              1,833             10,533             —           70,035

Operating lease right-of-use assets                —         10,241                 52             13,558         (2,988)         20,863

Prepayments and other assets                     154         85,170             15,269             13,995           (126)        114,462

Total assets                                  249,690       479,540           282,724              81,301       (464,297)        628,958

Liabilities

Short-term debts                                   —          2,442                 —               2,592             —            5,034

Accounts payable                                   —         53,008           102,207              10,952             —          166,167

Internal balance                                   —         82,263             57,964             31,426       (171,653)             —

Operating lease liabilities                        —         10,168                 38             14,050         (2,825)         21,431

Unsecured senior notes                         10,536            —                  —                  —            (125)         10,411

Long-term borrowings                            7,083        22,072                 —               2,400             —           31,555

Accrued expenses and other liabilities           213         64,272             20,060          13,435                —           97,980

Total liabilities                              17,832       234,225           180,269           74,855          (174,603)        332,578

Convertible redeemable non-controlling
  interests                                        —            614                 —                  —              —             614

Total shareholders’ equity                    231,858       244,701           102,455               6,446       (289,694)        295,766

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
  shareholders’ equity                        249,690       479,540           282,724           81,301          (464,297)        628,958




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023          27
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                As of December 31, 2022

                                                                                    Primary
                                                                            Beneficiaries of
                                                                              Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                   Variable          Variable
                                                                   Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                    Parent   Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                     (RMB in millions)


     Assets

     Cash and cash equivalents                       5,029        38,158            30,534                 5,140             —          78,861

     Restricted cash                                    —          1,922              4,282                   50             —           6,254

     Short-term investments                             —         43,264            96,270                 1,561             —         141,095

     Accounts receivable, net                           —         15,530                271                4,775             —          20,576

     Inventories, net                                   —         28,004            45,783                 4,162             —          77,949

     Internal balance                               63,708        79,466            32,310                 4,543       (180,027)            —

     Investment in equity investees                     —         35,857              4,454              18,111            (781)        57,641

     Investments in subsidiaries and
       consolidated VIEs                           162,015        26,109            56,680                    —        (244,804)            —

     Marketable securities and other investments        —         10,601                952                2,807             —          14,360

     Property, equipment and software, net              —         43,576              2,012                9,492             —          55,080

     Operating lease right-of-use assets                —          8,508              2,049              13,809          (2,099)        22,267

     Prepayments and other assets                     308         92,560            14,710               13,712            (123)       121,167

     Total assets                                  231,060      423,555            290,307               78,162        (427,834)       595,250

     Liabilities

     Short-term debts                                   —         10,282              1,730                  134             —          12,146

     Accounts payable                                   —         51,536            99,374                 9,697             —         160,607

     Internal balance                                   —         68,251            78,686               33,038        (179,975)            —

     Operating lease liabilities                        —          8,508              2,094              14,215          (2,151)        22,666

     Unsecured senior notes                         10,347            —                  —                    —            (123)        10,224

     Long-term borrowings                            6,965        10,644                 —                 2,400             —          20,009

     Accrued expenses and other liabilities           382         62,885            17,139               15,069              —          95,475

     Total liabilities                              17,694      212,106            199,023               74,553        (182,249)       321,127

     Convertible redeemable non-controlling
       interests                                        —            590                 —                    —              —             590

     Total shareholders’ equity                    213,366      210,859             91,284                 3,609       (245,585)       273,533

     Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
       shareholders’ equity                        231,060      423,555            290,307               78,162        (427,834)       595,250




28   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information

                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
                                                                           Primary
                                                                    Beneficiaries of
                                                                     Consolidated       Consolidated
                                                                          Variable          Variable
                                                             Other         Interest         Interest                       Consolidated
                                             Parent    Subsidiaries        Entities         Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                             (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                          (765)        43,657           75,882               3,291         (62,544)         59,521

Cash flows from investing activities
(Increase)/decrease in short-term
   investments, net                          (2,833)        (15,281)         42,415                (722)             —           23,579
Increase in long-term investments, net           —          (19,924)        (55,000)                 —               —          (74,924)
Prepayments and investments in
  equity investees                               —             (555)           (597)               (230)             —           (1,382)
Loans settled by internal companies          12,633         36,177            3,266               4,804         (56,880)             —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress          —          (10,487)           (448)             (4,096)             —          (15,031)
Other investing activities                       —            3,543           (9,501)             3,568         10,605            8,215

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 investing activities                         9,800          (6,527)        (19,865)              3,324         (46,275)        (59,543)

Cash flows from financing activities
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                          —            1,835               —                  —               —            1,835
Increase/(decrease) in borrowings, net           —            2,458           (1,800)             2,455              —            3,113
Net repayment to internal companies              —          (17,437)        (36,177)             (3,266)        56,880               —
Cash paid for dividends                      (6,741)        (45,859)        (16,685)                 —          62,544           (6,741)
Other financing activities                   (2,464)          9,043             100                 (89)        (10,605)         (4,015)

Net cash used in financing activities        (9,205)        (49,960)        (54,562)               (900)       108,819           (5,808)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash          (71)           196                —                  —               —             125
Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash               (241)        (12,634)          1,455               5,715              —           (5,705)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year                        5,029         40,121           34,816               5,190              —           85,156
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within
  assets held for sale                        4,788         27,487           36,271              10,905              —           79,451
Less: cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at end of year            —              53                —                  —               —              53

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                         4,788         27,434           36,271              10,905              —           79,398




                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31, 2022



                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023           29
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                    Primary
                                                                            Beneficiaries of
                                                                              Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                   Variable         Variable
                                                                   Other           Interest         Interest                       Consolidated
                                                   Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities        Entities        Eliminations           Total
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

     Net cash provided by/(used in)
      operating activities                          (509)       (168,260)          246,606                5,434         (25,452)         57,819

     Cash flows from investing activities
     (Increase)/decrease in short-term
        investments, net                                1          6,383            (25,800)              4,218              —          (15,198)
     Prepayments and investments in
       equity investees                                —          (6,313)            (4,344)                (305)         6,461          (4,501)
     Loans (provide to)/settled by
       internal companies                          7,426        200,620               3,205              (11,291)      (199,960)             —
     Cash paid for property, equipment,
       software and construction in progress           —         (12,820)              (142)              (4,705)            —          (17,667)
     Other investing activities                        —         (18,025)              (292)              7,585          (5,928)        (16,660)

     Net cash provided by/(used in)
      investing activities                         7,427        169,845             (27,373)              (4,498)      (199,427)        (54,026)

     Cash flows from financing activities
     Capital injection from non-controlling
       interest shareholders                           —           7,870                 —                  150              —            8,020
     Increase in borrowings, net                   3,558           5,478                300               2,534              —           11,870
     Net proceeds from/(repayment to)
      internal companies                               —           3,865           (200,620)              (3,205)      199,960               —
     Dividend paid to shareholders of
       JD.com, Inc.                               (13,087)            —                  —                    —                         (13,087)
     Other financing activities                      (780)       (25,293)            (3,684)                (785)        24,919          (5,623)

     Net cash provided by/(used in)
      financing activities                        (10,309)        (8,080)         (204,004)               (1,306)      224,879            1,180

     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
       cash equivalents and restricted cash        1,003           2,487                 —                    —              —            3,490
     Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
      equivalents and restricted cash              (2,388)        (4,008)           15,229                  (370)            —            8,463
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       at beginning of year                        7,417          44,129            19,587                5,560              —           76,693
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       at end of year, including cash and
       cash equivalents classified within
       assets held for sale                        5,029          40,121            34,816                5,190              —           85,156
     Less: cash, cash equivalents and
       restricted cash classified within
       assets held for sale at end of year             —              41                 —                    —              —               41

     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
       cash at end of year                         5,029          40,080            34,816                5,190              —           85,115




                                                                        For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
30   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




                                                                                  Primary
                                                                          Beneficiaries of
                                                                            Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                 Variable         Variable
                                                                 Other           Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                 Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities        Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                             (411)         64,468            (23,349)              1,593             —           42,301

Cash flows from investing activities
(Increase)/decrease in short-term
   investments, net                              3,357         (27,948)           (28,500)             (1,231)            —          (54,322)
Prepayments and investments in
  equity investees                                   —          (6,356)                —               (5,220)            —          (11,576)
Loans (provided to)/settled by
  internal companies                            (20,900)       (72,034)              (873)              1,122         92,685              —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress              —          (8,900)              (948)             (4,582)            —          (14,430)
Other investing activities                       3,147           1,157                368                (178)         1,586           6,080

Net cash used in investing activities           (14,396)      (114,081)           (29,953)         (10,089)           94,271         (74,248)

Cash flows from financing activities
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                              —          27,600                 —                  62              —           27,662
Increase/(decrease) in short-term
  borrowings, net                                    —            (249)             1,500                (100)            —            1,151
Net proceeds from internal companies                 —          19,778            61,190               11,717        (92,685)             —
Repayment of unsecured senior notes              (3,246)            —                  —                   —              —           (3,246)
Other financing activities                          62          (4,472)                —                  (68)        (1,586)         (6,064)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 financing activities                            (3,184)        42,657            62,690               11,611        (94,271)         19,503

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash             (136)        (1,362)                —                   —              —           (1,498)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
  equivalents and restricted cash               (18,127)        (8,318)             9,388               3,115             —          (13,942)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within
  assets held for sale                          25,544          52,447            10,199                2,445             —           90,635
Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash classified within assets held for sale
  at beginning of year                               —             116                 —                   —              —              116
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year                          25,544          52,331            10,199                2,445             —           90,519

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                            7,417          44,129            19,587                5,560             —           76,693




B.     Capitalization and Indebtedness


                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023          31
     Part I (Continued)




          Not applicable.


     C.   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds
          Not applicable.


     D.   Risk Factors
          Risks Related to Our Business
          If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects
          may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our business has continued to grow in recent years, and we expect continued growth in our business and
          revenues. We plan to further invest in technologies, expand our fulfillment infrastructure and increase our
          product and service offerings. For example, in 2023, we recruited new employees in connection with the
          expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure and strengthening of our supply chain-based technology and service
          capability. We will continue to invest resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. We also
          plan to continue to build our warehouses and establish new fulfillment facilities in additional locations across
          China, including smaller, less developed areas. In addition, as we continue to increase our product and service
          offerings, we will need to work with a large number of new suppliers and third-party merchants efficiently and
          establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our existing and new suppliers and third-party
          merchants. To support our growth, we also plan to implement a variety of new and upgraded managerial,
          operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and controls. All these efforts will require
          significant managerial, financial and human resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively
          manage our growth or to implement all these systems, procedures and control measures successfully or
          that our new business initiatives will be successful. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our
          strategies effectively, our expansion may not be successful and our business and prospects may be materially
          and adversely affected.


          We incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
          We had net loss of RMB4,467 million and net income of RMB9,691 million and RMB23,257 million (US$3,275 million)
          in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. We had retained earnings of RMB33,805 million, RMB29,304 million and
          RMB44,051 million (US$6,205 million) as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


          We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate net income in the future. Our ability to achieve and
          maintain profitability depends in large part on our ability to increase our gross margin by obtaining more
          favorable terms from our suppliers as our business further grows in scale, managing our product mix, expanding
          our online marketplace and offering value-added services with higher margins. Accordingly, we intend to
          continue to invest for the foreseeable future in our technology platform and fulfillment infrastructure to support
          an even larger selection of products and to offer additional value-added services. As a result of the foregoing, we
          may not be able to maintain our profitability in the future.




32   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially
and adversely affected.
The success of our business hinges on our ability to provide superior customer experience, which in turn
depends on a variety of factors. These factors include our ability to continue to offer authentic products at
competitive prices, source products to respond to customer demands, maintain the quality of our products and
services, attract and regulate third-party merchants on our online marketplace, and provide timely and reliable
delivery, flexible payment options and superior after-sales service.


We rely primarily on our own fulfillment infrastructure, and to a lesser extent on third-party couriers, to deliver
our products. Interruptions or failures in our delivery services or third-party couriers could prevent the timely or
successful delivery of our products. These interruptions may be due to unforeseen events that are beyond our
control or the control of our third-party couriers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks,
transportation disruptions or labor unrest. If our products are not delivered on time or are delivered in a damaged
state, customers may refuse to accept our products and have less confidence in our services. Furthermore,
our own delivery personnel and those of third-party couriers act on our behalf and, in most instances, interact
with our customers personally. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to
deliver our products to our customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure and for
a portion of our bulky item deliveries, and we need to effectively manage these third-party service providers
to ensure the quality of customer services. We have in the past received customer complaints from time to
time regarding our delivery and return and exchange services. In addition, we have opened our fulfillment
infrastructure by offering logistics services to third parties. If we are not able to manage our logistics services
successfully, opening these services to third parties could divert the resources available to our retail business
and affect customer experience. Any failure to provide high-quality delivery services to our customers may
negatively impact the shopping experience of our customers, damage our reputation and cause us to lose
customers. In certain instances, our customers may be referred to our affiliates when using our services. Even
though we do not necessarily have control over these affiliates, any negative customer experience associated
with them may adversely affect our brand and reputation.


We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Wuhan, Chengdu and Datong, handling all kinds of
customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services. As of December 31, 2023, we had
over 16,000 customer service representatives at these centers. There is no assurance that we will be able to
maintain a low turnover rate of existing employees and provide sufficient training to new employees to meet our
standards of customer service or that an influx of less experienced personnel will not dilute the quality of our
customer service. If our customer service representatives fail to provide satisfactory service, or if waiting times
are too long due to the high volume of calls from customers at peak times, our brand and customer loyalty may
be adversely affected. In addition, any negative publicity or poor feedback regarding our customer service may
harm our brand and reputation and in turn cause us to lose customers and market share.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        33
     Part I (Continued)




          Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the
          online retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations.
          We generate the majority of our revenues from online retail. While online retail has existed in China since the
          1990s, only recently have certain large online retail companies become profitable. The long-term viability and
          prospects of various online retail business models in China remain relatively untested. Our future results of
          operations will depend on numerous factors affecting the development of the online retail industry in China,
          which may be beyond our control. These factors include:


          •    the growth of internet, broadband, personal computer and mobile penetration and usage in China, and the
               rate of any such growth;


          •    the consumers’ trust and confidence level towards online retail in China, as well as changes in customer
               demographics and consumer tastes and preferences;


          •    the selection, price and popularity of products as well as promotions that we and our competitors offer
               online;


          •    whether alternative retail channels or business models that better address the needs of consumers emerge
               in China; and


          •    the development of fulfillment, payment and other ancillary services associated with online purchases.

          A decline in the popularity of online shopping in general, or any failure by us to adapt our mobile apps and
          websites and to improve the online shopping experience of our customers in response to trends and consumer
          requirements, may adversely affect our net revenues and business prospects.


          Furthermore, the retail industry is very sensitive to macroeconomic changes, and retail purchases tend to
          decline during recessionary periods. The majority of our net revenues are derived from retail sales in China.
          Many factors outside of our control, including inflation and deflation, currency exchange rate fluctuation, volatility
          of stock and property markets, interest rates, tax rates and other government policies and unemployment rates
          can adversely affect consumer confidence and spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect
          our growth and profitability. Unfavorable developments in domestic and international politics, including military
          conflicts, political turmoil and social instability, may also adversely affect consumer confidence and reduce
          spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our growth and profitability.




34   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of
operations.
We believe that the recognition and reputation of our JD (京東) brand among our customers, suppliers and third-
party merchants have contributed significantly to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and
enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand are critical to our business and competitiveness. Many
factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintaining and enhancing our brand. These
factors include our ability to:


•   provide a compelling shopping experience to customers;


•   maintain the popularity, attractiveness, diversity, quality and authenticity of the products we offer;


•   maintain the efficiency, reliability and quality of our fulfillment services;


•   maintain or improve customers’ satisfaction with our after-sale services;


•   support third-party merchants to provide satisfactory customer experience through our online marketplace;


•   increase brand awareness through marketing and brand promotion activities; and


•   preserve our reputation and goodwill in the event of any negative publicity, including those on customer
    service, customer and supplier relationships, internet security, product quality, price or authenticity, or other
    issues affecting us or other online retail businesses in China.

A public perception that non-authentic, counterfeit or defective goods are sold on our mobile apps and websites
or that we or third-party service providers do not provide satisfactory customer service, even if factually incorrect
or based on isolated incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brand, undermine the
trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract new customers
or retain our current customers. If we are unable to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or
increase positive awareness of our websites, products and services, as well as products sold by third-party
merchants through our online marketplace, it may be difficult to maintain and grow our customer base, and our
business and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Any actual or alleged illegal activities by our employees (including our senior management) could subject us to
liability or negative publicity. These activities may also affect our employees’ ability or willingness to continue
to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to our company and negatively affect our brand and
reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         35
     Part I (Continued)




          If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business,
          financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to attract purchases from new customers and existing
          customers. Constantly changing consumer preferences have affected and will continue to affect the retail
          industry, in particular the online retail industry. We must stay abreast of emerging consumer preferences and
          anticipate product trends that will appeal to existing and potential customers. We have been making progress in
          leveraging artificial intelligence, or AI, technologies to generate personalized recommendations to customers for
          products in which they may be interested. Each product page typically has recommendations of similar products
          or other products that are often purchased together with that product. In addition, our mobile apps and websites
          make recommendations to customers according to a comprehensive dataset compiled based on customers’
          shopping behavior. Our ability to make individually tailored recommendations is dependent on our business
          intelligence system, which tracks, collects and analyzes our users’ browsing and purchasing behavior, to provide
          accurate and reliable information. Our customers choose to purchase products on our mobile apps and websites
          due in part to the attractive prices that we offer, and they may choose to shop elsewhere if we cannot match
          the prices offered by other websites or by physical stores, or if we cannot maintain a steady supply of products
          they desire. If our customers cannot find their desired products on our mobile apps and websites at attractive
          prices, they may lose interest in us and visit our mobile apps and websites less frequently or even stop visiting
          our mobile apps and websites altogether, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business,
          financial condition and results of operations.


          If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our
          business prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
          We believe that our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure, consisting of strategically located warehouses
          and delivery and pickup stations, is essential to our success. As of December 31, 2023, our warehouse network
          covered almost all counties and districts across China, consisting of over 1,600 warehouses operated by us
          and over 2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party warehouse owner-operators under JD Logistics Open
          Warehouse Platform. As of December 31, 2023, our warehouse network had an aggregate gross floor area
          of over 32 million square meters, including the gross floor area of the cloud warehouses under JD Logistics
          Open Warehouse Platform. Our comprehensive fulfillment facilities covered almost all the counties and districts
          across China, and we had 425,469 warehouse and delivery personnel as of December 31, 2023. We are
          constructing our warehouses to increase our storage capacity and to restructure and reorganize our fulfillment
          workflow and processes. We also plan to continue the establishment of fulfillment facilities at additional
          locations, including those smaller and less developed areas, to further enhance our ability to deliver products to
          customers directly ourselves. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability and expand our reach
          to those smaller, less-developed areas, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and challenging
          to operate. We cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire land use rights and set up warehouses, or
          lease suitable facilities for the delivery stations, on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, the order
          density in those smaller, less developed areas may not be sufficient to allow us to operate our own delivery
          network in a cost-efficient manner. We may not be able to recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees
          in connection with the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure. In addition, the expansion of our fulfillment
          infrastructure may strain our managerial, financial, operational and other resources. If we fail to manage such




36   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




expansion successfully, our growth potential, business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. Even if we manage the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure successfully, it may not give us the
competitive advantage that we expect if improved third-party fulfillment services become widely available at
reasonable prices to retailers in China.


We face intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if
we fail to compete effectively.
The retail industry in China, in particular the online retail industry, is intensely competitive. We compete for
customers, orders, products and third-party merchants. Our current or potential competitors include major
e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, major
traditional retailers in China that are moving into online retailing, online retail companies in China focused on
specific product categories, and physical retail stores including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop
shopping experience. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Competition.” In addition,
new and enhanced technologies may increase the competition in the retail industry. New competitive business
models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.


Increased competition may reduce our margins and market share and impact brand recognition, or result in
significant losses. When we set prices, we have to consider how competitors have set prices for the same or
similar products. When they cut prices or offer additional benefits to compete with us, we may have to lower
our own prices or offer additional benefits or risk losing market share, either of which could harm our financial
condition and results of operations.


Some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
supplier relationships, larger customer bases, higher penetration in certain regions or greater financial, technical
or marketing resources than we do. Those smaller companies or new entrants may be acquired by, receive
investment from or enter into strategic relationships with well-established and well-financed companies or
investors which would help enhance their competitive positions. Some of our competitors may be able to secure
more favorable terms from suppliers, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt
more aggressive pricing or inventory policies and devote substantially more resources to their websites, mobile
apps and systems development than us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material and adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.


Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may
expose us to new challenges and more risks.
Since our inception, we have expanded our product offerings to include a wide range of products including
apparel and footwear, bags, watches, jewelry, household goods, cosmetics, personal care products, baby and
maternity products, food and beverages, fresh produce, fitness equipment, autoparts, pharmaceutical products,
nutritional supplements, healthcare equipment, industrial products, and books and virtual goods. Expansion into
diverse new product categories and substantially increased number of products and stock keeping units involves
new risks and challenges. Our lack of familiarity with new products and lack of relevant customer data relating




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        37
     Part I (Continued)




          to such products may make it more difficult for us to anticipate customer demand and preferences. We may
          misjudge customer demand, resulting in inventory buildup and possibly inventory write-down. It may also make
          it more difficult for us to inspect and control quality and ensure proper handling, storage and delivery in new
          product categories. We may experience higher return rates on new products, receive more customer complaints
          about them and face costly product liability claims as a result of selling them, which would harm our brand and
          reputation as well as our financial performance. Furthermore, we may not have much purchasing power in new
          categories of products and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms with suppliers. We may need to
          price aggressively to gain market share or remain competitive in new categories. It may be difficult for us to
          achieve profitability in the new product categories and our profit margin, if any, may be lower than we anticipate,
          which would adversely affect our overall profitability and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we
          will be able to recoup our investments in introducing these new product categories.


          If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
          may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our scale and business model require us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We depend on
          our demand forecasts for various kinds of products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory.
          Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date by
          which we target to sell it. Demand may be affected by seasonality, new product launches, changes in product
          cycles and pricing, product defects, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with
          respect to our products and other factors, and our customers may not order products in the quantities that we
          expect. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish supplier relationships,
          determine appropriate product selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of
          inventory may require significant lead time and prepayment, and they may not be returnable.


          As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our net inventories amounted to RMB75,601 million,
          RMB77,949 million, and RMB68,058 million (US$9,586 million), respectively. Our annual inventory turnover
          days were 30.3 days in 2021, 33.2 days in 2022, and 30.3 days in 2023. Annual inventory turnover days are
          the quotient of average inventory over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last
          quarter of the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied
          by 360 days. As we plan to continue expanding our product offerings, we expect to include more products in
          our inventory, which will make it more challenging for us to manage our inventory effectively and will put more
          pressure on our warehousing system.


          If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory
          obsolescence, a decline in inventory values, and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, we
          may be required to lower sale prices in order to reduce inventory level, which may lead to lower gross margins.
          High inventory levels may also require us to commit substantial capital resources, preventing us from using
          that capital for other important purposes. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our results of
          operations and financial condition.


          On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, or if our suppliers fail to supply quality
          products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which might result in missed sales,
          diminished brand loyalty and lost revenues, any of which could harm our business and reputation.

38   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




If we are unable to conduct our marketing activities cost-effectively, our results of operations and
financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
We have incurred significant expenses on a variety of different marketing and brand promotion efforts designed
to enhance our brand recognition and increase sales of our products. Our brand promotion and marketing
activities may not be well received by customers and may not result in the levels of product sales that we
anticipate. We incurred RMB38,743 million, RMB37,772 million, and RMB40,133 million (US$5,653 million) of
marketing expenses, representing 4.1%, 3.6% and 3.7% of our total net revenues, in 2021, 2022 and 2023,
respectively. Marketing approaches and tools in the consumer products market in China are evolving. This
further requires us to enhance our marketing approaches and experiment with new marketing methods to keep
pace with industry developments and customer preferences. Failure to refine our existing marketing approaches
or to introduce new marketing approaches in a cost-effective manner could reduce our market share, cause our
net revenues to decline and negatively impact our profitability.


If we fail to manage and expand our relationships with suppliers, or otherwise fail to procure products
on favorable terms, our business and growth prospects may suffer.
We source products from third-party suppliers for our retail business. We had over 50,000 suppliers as of
December 31, 2023. Our suppliers include domestic and cross-border manufacturers, distributors and resellers.
Maintaining strong relationships with these suppliers is important to the growth of our business. In particular,
we depend significantly on our ability to procure products from suppliers on favorable pricing terms. We typically
enter into one-year framework agreements with suppliers on an annual basis, and these framework agreements
do not ensure the availability of products or the continuation of particular pricing practices or payment terms
beyond the end of the contractual term. In addition, our agreements with suppliers typically do not restrict the
suppliers from selling products to other buyers. We cannot assure you that our current suppliers will continue to
sell products to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, after the term of the current agreement expires.
Even if we maintain good relationships with our suppliers, their ability to supply products to us in sufficient
quantity and at competitive prices may be adversely affected by economic conditions, labor actions, regulatory
or legal decisions, customs and import restrictions, natural disasters or other causes. In the event that we are
not able to purchase merchandise at favorable prices, our revenues and cost of revenues may be materially and
adversely affected. In the event any distributor or reseller does not have authority from the manufacturer to sell
certain products to us, such distributor or reseller may cease selling such products to us at any time. In addition,
our annual accounts payable turnover days for retail business were 45.3 days in 2021, 52.5 days in 2022, and
53.2 days in 2023, respectively. Annual accounts payable turnover days are the quotient of average accounts
payable for retail business over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of
the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days.
If our suppliers cease to provide us with favorable payment terms, our requirements for working capital may
increase and our operations may be materially and adversely affected. We will also need to establish new
supplier relationships to ensure that we have access to a steady supply of products on favorable commercial
terms. If we are unable to develop and maintain good relationships with suppliers that would allow us to obtain
a sufficient amount and variety of authentic and quality merchandise on acceptable commercial terms, it may
inhibit our ability to offer sufficient products sought by our customers, or to offer these products at competitive
prices. Any adverse developments in our relationships with suppliers could materially and adversely affect our




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        39
     Part I (Continued)




          business and growth prospects. Any disputes with suppliers could adversely affect our reputation and subject
          us to damages and negative publicity. In addition, as part of our growth strategy, we plan to further expand our
          product offerings. If we fail to attract new suppliers to sell their products to us due to any reason, our business
          and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


          Any interruption in the operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other
          additional warehouses, delivery stations or pickup stations for an extended period may have an adverse
          impact on our business.
          Our ability to process and fulfill orders accurately and provide high-quality customer service depends on
          the smooth and safe operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other additional
          warehouses, and our delivery and pickup stations. Our fulfillment infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage
          caused by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other
          events. If any of our regional fulfillment centers were to operate at a lower capacity or rendered incapable of
          operations, then we may be unable to fulfill any orders in a timely manner or at all in any of the provinces that
          rely on that center. In addition, those events that could damage our fulfillment infrastructure, such as fire and
          flood, may also result in damages to our inventory stored in or delivered through our fulfillment infrastructure, and
          in such event, we would incur losses as a result. We do not carry business interruption insurance other than in
          connection with the fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, and the occurrence of any of the foregoing
          risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.


          Safe operations are critical to us. Our operations of warehouses and delivery services are also subject to various
          laws and regulations on safety, such as the Work Safety Law which requires, among other things, that the
          production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform economy shall, based on
          the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and implement a responsibility
          system for the work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and training on work safety for
          employees. See “Business Overview — Regulations — Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer
          Protection and Operation Safety” for more details. If we fail to ensure safety in the operations of our fulfillment
          infrastructure or road transportation, we may suffer from the adverse impact of accidents happened in our
          workspace or in transit, which could result in personal injury and loss of property and subject us to fines,
          penalties or mandatory corrective measures imposed by government authorities for violation of laws and
          regulations on safety. The occurrence of such accidents could materially and adversely affect our business,
          reputation, financial condition and results of operations.


          We may not be able to recoup the investments we make to expand and upgrade our fulfillment and
          technology capabilities.
          We have invested significant resources in expanding and will continue to expand our fulfillment infrastructure
          and upgrade our technology platform. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform
          during the same periods. We expect to continue to invest in our fulfillment and technology capabilities for a
          number of years. We also intend to continue to add resources to our fulfillment infrastructure and upgrade our
          technology platform as we focus on expanding our product selection and offering new services. We are likely
          to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the




40   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We may not be able
to recover our capital expenditures or investments, in part or in full, or the recovery of these capital expenditures
or investments may take longer than expected. As a result, the carrying value of the related assets may be
subject to an impairment charge, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation.


Moreover, our heavy investment in building our own fulfillment infrastructure may put us at a competitive
disadvantage against those competitors who primarily rely on third-party fulfillment services and focus their
investment on improving other aspects of their businesses. We have designed our own fulfillment infrastructure
to satisfy our business and operation requirements and to accommodate our fast growth, but there is no
guarantee that we will be successful in meeting our objectives or that our own fulfillment structure will function
more effectively and efficiently than third-party solutions.


We use third-party couriers to deliver some orders, and our third-party merchants use couriers to deliver
a significant number of orders. If these couriers fail to provide reliable delivery services, our business and
reputation may be materially and adversely affected.
We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to deliver our products to our
customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure, particularly in smaller and less
developed areas. We may also use third-party service providers to ship products from our regional fulfillment
centers or front distribution centers to delivery stations or to deliver bulky item products. Third-party merchants
also use third-party couriers if they do not make use of our delivery services. Interruptions to or failures in these
third parties’ delivery services could prevent the timely or proper delivery of our products to customers. These
interruptions may be due to events that are beyond our control or the control of these delivery companies, such
as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks, transportation disruptions or labor unrest. In addition, if
our third-party couriers fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations in China, our delivery services may be
materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to find alternative delivery companies to provide delivery
services in a timely and reliable manner, or at all. Delivery of our products could also be affected or interrupted
by the merger, acquisition, insolvency or government shut-down of the delivery companies we engage to make
deliveries, especially those local companies with relatively small business scales. If our products are not delivered
in proper condition or on a timely basis, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.


Our online marketplace is subject to risks associated with third-party merchants.
We do not have as much control over the storage and delivery of products sold on our online marketplace as we
do over the products that we sell directly ourselves. Many of our third-party merchants use their own facilities
to store their products, and many of them use their own or third-party delivery systems to deliver their products
to our customers, which makes it more difficult for us to ensure that our customers get the same high-quality
service for all products sold on our mobile apps and websites. If any third-party merchant does not control
the quality of the products that it sells on our mobile apps and websites, fails to timely deliver the products
to customers, delivers products that are faulty or materially different from description, sells counterfeit or
unlicensed products, or sells products without licenses or permits as required by the laws and regulations even
though we have requested such licenses or permits in our standard form contract with the third-party merchant,
the reputation of our online marketplace and our JD brand may be materially and adversely affected and we




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         41
     Part I (Continued)




          could face claims to hold us liable for the losses. Moreover, despite our efforts to prevent it, some products
          sold on our online marketplace may compete with the products we sell directly, which may cannibalize our
          online retail. In addition, the supplier relationships, customer acquisition dynamics and other requirements for
          our online marketplace may not be the same as those for our online retail operations, which may complicate the
          management of our business. In order for our online marketplace to be successful, we must continue to identify
          and attract third-party merchants, and we may not be successful in this regard.


          Failure to deal effectively with any fictitious transactions or other fraudulent conduct would materially
          and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
          We may face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our online marketplace. Although we have
          implemented various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities on our marketplace,
          there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or
          improving overall satisfaction among third-party merchants and customers. In addition to fraudulent transactions
          with legitimate customers, sellers may also engage in fictitious or “phantom” transactions with themselves
          or collaborators in order to artificially inflate their own ratings on our online marketplace, reputation and search
          results rankings. This activity may harm other sellers by enabling the perpetrating seller to be favored over
          legitimate sellers, and may harm our customers by deceiving them into believing that a seller is more reliable
          or trusted than the seller actually is. This activity may also result in inflated transaction volume from our online
          marketplace. Moreover, illegal, fraudulent or collusive activities by our employees, such as fraud, bribery or
          corruption, could also subject us to liability or negative publicity or cause losses. Although we have internal
          controls and policies with regard to the review and approval of sales activities and other relevant matters, we
          cannot assure you that such controls and policies will prevent fraud or illegal activity by our employees. For
          example, Dada announced on January 8, 2024 and March 5, 2024 that, during its routine internal audit process,
          certain suspicious practices were identified that may cast doubt on certain revenues from its online advertising
          and marketing services. See “—Strategic alliances, investments or acquisitions may have a material and adverse
          effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.” Negative publicity and user
          sentiment generated as a result of actual or alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct on our platform or by
          our employees would severely diminish consumer confidence in us, reduce our ability to attract new or retain
          current third-party merchants and customers, damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand names,
          and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


          Strategic alliances, investments or acquisitions may have a material and adverse effect on our business,
          reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
          We may enter into strategic alliances with various third parties to facilitate the achievement of our business
          purposes from time to time. Strategic alliances with third parties could subject us to a number of risks, including
          risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the counterparty, and an increase
          in expenses incurred in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect
          our business. We may have little ability to control or monitor their actions. To the extent the third parties
          suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputations from events relating to their business, we may also suffer
          negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with such third parties.




42   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




In addition, we have in the past invested in or acquired additional assets, technologies or businesses that are
complementary to our existing business, such as:


a.	our investments in and acquisition of Dada Nexus Limited, or Dada, a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading
     local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China;


b.   our acquisition of


     •    Yihaodian marketplace platform assets from Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or Walmart, a NYSE-listed
          company, including the Yihaodian brand, mobile apps and websites,


     •    Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Five Star, one of the leading offline retailers of home
          appliances and consumer electronics in China,


     •    Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD., or Kuayue-Express, a renowned modern integrated express
          transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express service” in China,


     •    China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd., or CNLP, a company formerly listed on the Hong Kong
          Stock Exchange primarily engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related management
          services in the PRC, and


     •    Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd, or Deppon, an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing
          a wide range of solutions including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL)
          transportation, delivery services, and warehousing management listed on the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange; and

c.   our investments in


     •    Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd., or Yonghui, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and a
          leading hypermarket and supermarket operator in China,


     •    Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co., Ltd., or Wanda Commercial Properties, a leading
          developer, owner and operator of commercial properties in China,


     •    ATRenew Inc. (formerly known as AiHuiShou International Co. Ltd.), or ATRenew, a NYSE-listed
          company which operates an online second-hand consumer electronics trading platform, and


     •    Xingsheng Preference Electronic Business Limited, or Xingsheng, a leading community group buying
          e-commerce platform that serves community families with fresh foods and daily necessities.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        43
     Part I (Continued)




          See “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Major Investments.” We
          expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall
          business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, technologies,
          services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments, joint ventures and alliances.


          If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may continue to do so in the future. Investments or
          acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own would require significant
          attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which
          in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. The costs of identifying and consummating
          investments and acquisitions may be significant. We may also incur significant expenses in obtaining necessary
          approvals from government authorities in China and elsewhere in the world. In addition, investments and
          acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity
          securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. The cost and duration of
          integrating newly acquired businesses could also materially exceed our expectations. Any such negative
          developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


          Our financial results could be adversely affected by our investments or acquisitions. The investments and
          acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. They could result in occurrence
          of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges, and amortization expenses for other intangible
          assets. As of December 31, 2023, we had net intangible assets of RMB6.9 billion (US$1.0 billion) and goodwill
          of RMB20 billion (US$2.8 billion). In the event that a decline in fair value below the carrying value of our equity
          method investments is other-than-temporary, or the carrying amount of a reporting unit to which goodwill is
          allocated exceeds its fair value, we may have to record actual or potential impairment charges of investments
          in equity investees or intangible assets and goodwill recorded in connection with invested businesses. If the
          investments that we account for using the equity method were in a loss position, we would pick up their loss in
          our consolidated statement of operations. We may continue to incur impairment charges in connection with our
          investments or acquisitions and pick up the losses by our equity investments, which could depress our profitability
          and have a material adverse impact on our financial results. We measure long-term investments other than equity
          method investments at fair value through earnings, which could vary significantly year to year. We recorded losses
          of RMB7.3 billion, RMB4.1 billion and RMB0.9 billion (US$0.1 billion) resulting from the fair value change in long-
          term investments in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


          In addition, we may be subject to risks associated with actual or alleged fictitious transactions or other fraudulent
          conduct, as well as non-compliant actions, by any company we acquire or invest in. We may have limited
          experience in these acquired business or investments, and these acquired companies or investees may not
          adopt our protocols and policies appropriately. As such, we cannot assure you that our protocols and policies will
          prevent these fraudulent conducts or non-compliant actions. These and other risks could also lead to negative
          publicity, litigation, government inquiries, investigations or actions against the companies we invest in or acquire,
          or even against our other businesses, and may force us to incur significant additional expenses and allocate
          significant management and human resources to rectify or improve these companies’ corporate governance
          standards or internal controls and systems. For example, Dada announced on January 8, 2024 and March 5,
          2024 that, during its routine internal audit process, certain suspicious practices were identified that may cast
          doubt on certain revenues from its online advertising and marketing services. In response, the audit committee



44   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




of Dada’s board of directors, with the assistance of independent professional advisers, initiated an independent
review, which was substantially completed in March 2024. On January 10, 2024, Dada and certain of its former
executives were named as defendants in a putative securities class action in the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California. Plaintiff alleges that the defendants made misleading statements or omissions regarding
Dada’s business operations and financials. The Court has appointed Lead Plaintiff, who is scheduled to file an
amended complaint by June 4, 2024. As this case remains in its preliminary stage, we are currently unable to
predict the timing, outcome, or consequences of this action.

We may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings.
We may be subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings inside and outside China relating to third-party
and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving third-party merchants and
consumers on our platforms, consumer protection claims, claims relating to data and privacy protection,
employment related cases, cross-border payment and settlement disputes, internet advertising and other
matters in the ordinary course of our business. As we routinely enter into business contracts with our suppliers,
third-party merchants and consumers on our platform, we have been and may continue to be involved in legal
proceedings arising from contract disputes or other civil disputes, including being named as a co-defendant
in lawsuits filed against our suppliers by third parties. For example, in July and August 2019, two lawsuits
were filed against us. The plaintiffs in these two lawsuits are seeking damages in an aggregate amount of
approximately RMB3.5 billion. We believe these lawsuits are without merit and we are defending ourselves
vigorously. However, there is uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of these two lawsuits
and the other legal proceedings in which we are involved. In addition, In 2017, we filed an antitrust lawsuit
against Zhejiang Tmall Online Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Limited
for employing unfair means to force merchants to choose one platform between Alibaba’s Tmall and us. On
December 29, 2023, the Beijing Higher People’s Court issued a judgment, ruling that Alibaba’s behavior had
abused its market-dominating power and constituted monopolistic behavior, ordering Alibaba to pay a damage of
over RMB1.0 billion. The counterparties had appealed, and the case is in second-instance stage.


We anticipate that we will continue to be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings in the
future incidental to our ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in
our defense or reverse any unfavorable judgment, ruling or decision against us. In addition, we may decide to
enter into settlements that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.


As our business expands, including across jurisdictions, we may encounter a variety of these claims, including
those brought against us pursuant to anti-monopoly or unfair competitions laws or involving higher amounts of
alleged damages. Laws, rules and regulations may vary in their scope and overseas laws and regulations may
impose requirements that are more stringent than, or which conflict with, those in China. We have acquired and
may acquire companies that may become subject to litigation, as well as regulatory proceedings. In addition, in
connection with litigation or regulatory proceedings we may be subject to in various jurisdictions, we may be
prohibited by laws, regulations or government authorities in one jurisdiction from complying with subpoenas,
orders or other requests from courts or regulators of other jurisdictions, including those relating to data held in
or with respect to persons in these jurisdictions. Our failure or inability to comply with the subpoenas, orders or
requests could subject us to fines, penalties or other legal liability, which could have a material adverse effect on
our reputation, business, results of operations and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         45
     Part I (Continued)




          As publicly-listed companies, we and our publicly-listed subsidiaries may face additional exposure to claims and
          lawsuits, including securities law class actions, other federal securities law litigation and regulatory inquiries
          and investigations. We and our publicly-listed subsidiaries will need to defend against these actions, including
          any appeals should our initial defense be successful. The litigation process may utilize a material portion of our
          cash resources and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of
          which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we will prevail in any of these cases, and any
          adverse outcome of these cases could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results
          of operations. In addition, although we have obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, the insurance
          coverage may not be adequate to cover our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers, fund a settlement
          of litigation in excess of insurance coverage or pay an adverse judgment in litigation. Certain of our directors may
          be subject to alleged class actions due to their current or previous directorships in other listed companies. Our
          directors and executive officers may also face litigation or proceedings (including alleged or future securities class
          action) unrelated to their respective capacity as a director or executive officer of our company, and such litigation
          or proceedings may adversely affect our public image and reputation.


          The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation, limit our ability to
          conduct our business in the affected areas and adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
          and/or ADSs. The outcome of any claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any
          event defending against these claims could be both costly and time-consuming, and could significantly divert
          the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination in any litigation,
          investigation or proceeding could cause us to pay damages, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to
          conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we operate.


          Our success depends on the continuing and collaborative efforts of our management team, and our
          business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
          Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our management. In particular, we rely on the
          expertise and experience of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman, and our executive officers. If one or
          more of our senior management were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we might not
          be able to replace them easily or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
          materially and adversely affected. If any of our senior management joins a competitor or forms a competing
          business, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Our senior
          management has entered into employment agreements and confidentiality and non-competition agreements
          with us. However, if any dispute arises between our officers and us, we may have to incur substantial costs and
          expenses in order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce them at all. In addition,
          we do not have key-man insurance for any of our executive officers or other key personnel. Events or activities
          attributed to our executive officers or other key personnel, and related publicity, whether or not justified, may
          affect their ability or willingness to continue to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to
          our company and negatively affect our brand and reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business,
          operating results and financial condition.


          If we are unable to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling
          our labor costs, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel,
          particularly technical, fulfillment, marketing and other operational personnel with experience. Our experienced
46   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




mid-level managers are instrumental in implementing our business strategies, executing our business plans
and supporting our business operations and growth. The effective operation of our managerial and operating
systems, fulfillment infrastructure, customer service center and other back office functions also depends on
the hard work and quality performance of our management and employees. Since our industry is characterized
by high demand and intense competition for talent and labor, we can provide no assurance that we will be
able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our
strategic objectives. Our fulfillment infrastructure is labor intensive and requires a substantial number of
blue-collar workers, and these positions tend to have higher than average turnover. As of December 31, 2023,
we employed a total of 425,469 warehouse and delivery personnel. We have observed an overall tightening
of the labor market and an emerging trend of shortage of labor supply. Failure to obtain stable and dedicated
warehousing, delivery personnel and other labor support may lead to underperformance of these functions and
cause disruption to our business. Labor costs in China have increased with China’s economic development,
particularly in the large cities where we operate our regional fulfillment centers and more generally in the
urban areas where we maintain our delivery and pickup stations. Because we operate our own fulfillment
infrastructure, which requires a large and rapidly growing work force, our cost structure is more vulnerable to
labor costs than that of many of our competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Therefore,
to maintain and enhance our competitiveness, we may from time to time need to adjust certain elements of our
operations in response to evolving economic conditions and business needs. These adjustments, however, may
not be sufficient to allow us to address the various challenges we face or improve our results of operations and
financial performance as expected. Furthermore, if the compensation package offered is not competitive in the
market, we may not be able to provide sufficient incentives to or maintain stable and dedicated warehousing,
delivery personnel and other labor support. Any failure to address these risks and uncertainties could materially
and adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance and our prospects of achieving
profitability. In addition, our ability to train and integrate new employees into our operations may also be limited
and may not meet the demand for our business growth on a timely fashion, or at all, and rapid expansion may
impair our ability to maintain our corporate culture.


We may have conflicts of interest with our subsidiaries that are stand-alone public companies.
Certain of our subsidiaries have become stand-alone public companies. On December 8, 2020, shares of
JD Health, our consolidated subsidiary, commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the stock code “6618.” On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics, our consolidated subsidiary,
commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” On
March 30, 2023, each of JD Property and JD Industrials, through their respective joint sponsors, submitted a
listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to
deal in, their respective shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as
to whether or when any of the proposed listings may take place.


We currently offer different types of support to JD Health, JD Logistics, JD Property and JD Industrials to
facilitate the marketing and implementation of their services. We have entered into and may, in the future,
enter into various transactions and agreements with these subsidiaries. JD Health and JD Logistics have, and
JD Property and JD Industrials are expected to have after any of them becomes a stand-alone public company




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        47
     Part I (Continued)




          in Hong Kong, their respective audit committee, each consisting of independent non-executive directors,
          to review and approve all proposed connected transactions as defined in the listing rules of the Hong Kong
          Stock Exchange, including any transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We have
          an audit committee, consisting of independent directors, to review and approve all material related party
          transactions, including any material transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We
          believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with these subsidiaries are on terms
          that are negotiated on an arm’s length basis.


          In addition, we may acquire or invest in publicly traded companies from time to time. For example, following the
          closing of our share subscription with Dada, a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading local on-demand retail and
          delivery platform in China, on February 28, 2022, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding
          shares and began to consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. On July 26, 2022, JD Logistics
          completed the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon, a Shanghai Stock Exchange-listed
          company and an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range of solutions
          including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery services, and
          warehousing management. As a result, Deppon has become a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its financial
          results, except for that of certain excluded business, have been consolidated into JD Logistics’s consolidated
          financial statements.


          However, as we remain a controlling shareholder of these stand-alone public companies, we may from time to
          time make strategic decisions that we believe are in the best interests of our business and shareholders as a
          whole, which may create conflicts of interest with these companies, such as resolution of any dispute arising
          from the agreements, allocation of business opportunities, and employee recruiting and retention between us
          and these companies. We may not be able to resolve all potential misalignments in interests with these public
          companies and the existence of such misalignments in interests may affect the results of operation of these
          companies, which may, in turn, affect our results of operations as a whole. The conflicts of interest described
          above may also arise when we acquire or invest in other publicly traded companies from time to time.


          We may incur liability or become subject to administrative penalties for counterfeit or unauthorized
          products sold on our mobile apps and websites, or for products sold on our mobile apps and websites or
          content posted on our mobile apps and websites that infringe on third-party intellectual property rights,
          or for other misconduct.
          We sourced our products from over 50,000 suppliers as of December 31, 2023. Third-party merchants on
          our online marketplace are separately responsible for sourcing the products they sell on our mobile apps and
          websites. Although we have adopted measures to verify the authenticity and authorization of products sold
          on our mobile apps and websites and avoid potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights in
          the course of sourcing and selling products, we may not always be successful. As part of our cross-border
          e-commerce business, we source products outside of China and allow overseas brands or partners to sell their
          products through our online marketplace, which could make it more difficult for us to verify the authenticity and
          authorization of products sold.




48   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




In the event that counterfeit, unauthorized or infringing products are sold on our mobile apps and websites or
infringing content is posted on our mobile apps and websites, we could face claims that we should be held
liable. We have in the past received claims alleging our infringement of third parties’ rights. Irrespective of the
validity of such claims, we could incur significant costs and efforts in either defending against or settling such
claims. If there is a successful claim against us, we might be required to pay substantial damages or refrain
from further sale of the products. Potential liability under PRC law if we negligently participated or assisted
in infringement activities associated with counterfeit goods includes injunctions to cease infringing activities,
rectification, compensation, administrative penalties and even criminal liability. Moreover, such third-party claims
or administrative penalties could result in negative publicity and our reputation could be severely damaged. Any of
these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.


Under our standard form agreements, we require suppliers or third-party merchants to indemnify us for any
losses we suffer or any costs that we incur due to any products we source from these suppliers or any
products sold by these third-party merchants. However, not all of our agreements with suppliers and third-
party merchants have such terms, and for those agreements that have such terms, we may not be able to
successfully enforce our contractual rights and may need to initiate costly and lengthy legal proceedings in China
to protect our rights. See “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the
complexity and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies.”


We may be subject to product liability claims.
The products sold by us through our online retail business may be defective. As a result, sales of such products
could expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or property damage and may require product
recalls or other actions. Third parties subject to such injury or damage may bring claims or legal proceedings
against us as the retailer of the product. Although we would have legal recourse against the manufacturer of
such products under PRC law, attempting to enforce our rights against the manufacturer may be expensive,
time-consuming and ultimately futile. In addition, we do not currently maintain any third-party liability insurance
or product liability insurance in relation to products we sell. As a result, any material product liability claim or
litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and managerial efforts in defending them and
could have a negative impact on our reputation.


JD Logistics may need to raise more capital, which could dilute our equity stake or impose debt service
obligations on JD Logistics, if such capital is available at all.
In April 2017, we opened up our fulfillment infrastructure to third-parties and established a new business group,
JD Logistics, to provide integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services to third-party businesses across
a wide range of industries. JD Logistics has experienced rapid growth since its inception and has raised capital
in both private and public share offerings. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the
Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” As of December 31, 2023, we
hold approximately 63% of the outstanding shares of JD Logistics. The development of a logistics business is
capital intensive, and JD Logistics may require additional capital resources in the future. JD Logistics may seek
to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could
result in dilution of our equity stake in JD Logistics, and the investors may have a strategy or objectives different



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         49
     Part I (Continued)




          from ours with respect to JD Logistics or impose conditions that could restrict the operations of JD Logistics.
          The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating
          and financial covenants that would restrict its operations. It is uncertain whether financing will be available in
          amounts or on terms acceptable, if at all.


          The proper functioning of our technology platform is essential to our business. Any failure to maintain
          the satisfactory performance of our websites, mobile apps and systems could materially and adversely
          affect our business and reputation.
          The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our technology platform are critical to our success
          and our ability to attract and retain customers and provide quality customer service. Almost all of our sales of
          products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment services we provide to
          third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps and websites. Any system
          interruptions caused by telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hacking or other attempts to harm
          our systems that result in the unavailability or slowdown of our mobile apps and websites or reduced order
          fulfillment performance could reduce the volume of products sold and the attractiveness of product offerings on
          our mobile apps and websites. Our servers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic
          break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to system interruptions, website slowdown or unavailability,
          delays or errors in transaction processing, loss of data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders.
          Security breaches, computer viruses and hacking attacks have become more prevalent in our industry. Because
          of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China, we believe we are a particularly attractive target for
          such attacks. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, such attacks and unexpected
          interruptions. We can provide no assurance that our current security mechanisms will be sufficient to protect
          our IT systems from any third-party intrusions, viruses or hacker attacks, information or data theft or other
          similar activities. Any such future occurrences could reduce customer satisfaction, damage our reputation and
          result in a material decrease in our revenue.


          Additionally, we must continue to upgrade and improve our technology platform to support our business growth,
          and failure to do so could impede our growth. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in
          executing these system upgrades and improvement strategies or when the execution of these system upgrades
          and improvement strategies will be effective. In particular, our systems may experience interruptions during
          upgrades, and the new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with the existing systems on
          a timely basis, or at all. In addition, we experience surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional
          activities and holiday seasons, such as June 18 and November 11, which can put additional demands on our
          technology platform at specific times. If our existing or future technology platform does not function properly,
          it could cause system disruptions and slow response times, affecting data transmission, which in turn could
          materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


          Any deficiencies in China’s internet infrastructure could impair our ability to sell products over our
          mobile apps and websites, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.
          Almost all of our sales of products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment services
          we provide to third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps and websites.
          Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet infrastructure in China. The availability
          of our mobile apps and websites depends on telecommunications carriers and other third-party providers for


50   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




communications and storage capacity, including bandwidth and server storage, among other things. If we are unable
to enter into and renew agreements with these providers on acceptable terms, or if any of our existing agreements
with such providers are terminated as a result of our breach or otherwise, our ability to provide our services to our
customers could be adversely affected. Almost all access to the internet in China is maintained through state-owned
telecommunication carriers under administrative control, and we obtain access to end-user networks operated by
such telecommunications carriers and internet service providers to give customers access to our mobile apps and
websites. We have experienced service interruptions in the past, which were typically caused by service interruptions
at the underlying external telecommunications service providers, such as the internet data centers and broadband
carriers from which we receive services. Service interruptions prevent consumers from accessing our mobile apps
and websites and placing orders, and frequent interruptions could frustrate customers and discourage them from
attempting to place orders, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.


If we fail to adopt new technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps and systems to changing
customer requirements or emerging industry standards, or if our efforts to invest in the development of
new technologies are unsuccessful or ineffective, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and
features of our mobile apps and websites. The industries we operate in are characterized by rapid technological
evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introductions of new products and
services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices, any of
which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on
our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond
to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices, such as mobile internet, in a
cost-effective and timely way. In recent years, we invested in the development of many new technologies
and business initiatives, such as AI, big data and cloud. The development of websites, mobile apps and other
proprietary technologies entails significant technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to successfully develop or effectively use new technologies, recoup the costs of developing new
technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer
requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to develop technologies successfully or adapt
in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements,
whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected.


Customer growth and activity on mobile devices depends upon effective use of mobile operating
systems, networks and standards that we do not control.
A significant portion of the purchases made by our customers are through mobile devices. To optimize the
mobile shopping experience, we are somewhat dependent on our customers downloading our specific mobile
apps for their particular devices as opposed to accessing our sites from an internet browser on their mobile
device. As new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may
encounter in developing applications for these alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote
significant resources to the development, support and maintenance of such applications. In addition, our future
growth and our results of operations could suffer if we experience difficulties in the future in integrating our
mobile apps into mobile devices or if problems arise with our relationships with providers of mobile operating


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         51
     Part I (Continued)




          systems or mobile app download stores, if our apps receive unfavorable treatment compared to competing
          apps on the download stores, or if we face increased costs to distribute or have customers use our mobile
          apps. We are further dependent on the interoperability of our sites with popular mobile operating systems that
          we do not control, such as iOS and Android, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality
          of our sites or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our sites
          on mobile devices. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to access and use our sites on their
          mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to access or to use our sites on their mobile devices or to use
          mobile products that do not offer access to our sites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business,
          financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.


          Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network against security breaches could
          damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
          A significant challenge to the online retail industry is the secure storage of confidential information and its
          secure transmission over public networks. Almost all of the orders and some of the payments for products we
          offer are made through our websites and our mobile apps. In addition, some online payments for our products
          are settled through third-party online payment services. We also share certain personal information about our
          customers with third-party couriers, such as their names, addresses, phone numbers and transaction records.
          In addition, with the rapid development of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, we have
          accumulated a large volume of data, which covers customer’s browsing and consumption behavior information,
          product manufacturing and sales information, warehousing and distribution information, customer service
          information, among others. We also formed strategic partnerships with some leading mobile internet companies
          to leverage their powerful big data resources, massive user bases and AI-driven technologies. Maintaining
          complete security for the storage and transmission of confidential information on our technology platform
          is essential to maintaining our operating efficiency and customer confidence as well as complying with the
          applicable laws and standards.


          We have adopted security policies and measures, including encryption technology, to protect our proprietary
          data and customer information. However, advances in technology, the expertise of hackers, improper use or
          sharing of data, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments could result in
          a compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect confidential information. We may not be
          able to prevent third parties, especially hackers or other individuals or entities engaging in similar activities,
          from illegally obtaining such confidential or private information we hold as a result of our customers’ visits to
          our websites and use of our mobile apps. Such individuals or entities obtaining our customers’ confidential or
          private information may further engage in various other illegal activities using such information. In addition, we
          have limited control or influence over the security policies or measures adopted by business partners including
          strategic partners or third-party providers of online payment services through which some of our customers may
          choose to make payment for purchases. The third-party couriers we use may also violate their confidentiality
          obligations and disclose or use information about our customers illegally. Any negative publicity on our websites’
          or mobile apps’ safety or privacy protection mechanisms and policies, and any claims asserted against us or
          fines imposed upon us as a result of actual or perceived failures, could have a material and adverse effect on
          our public image, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced breaches of
          our information security measures in the past due to external causes beyond our control, such as a leak of user


52   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




account information from the China Software Developer Network (CSDN) in 2011, although none of the past
breaches individually or in the aggregate was material to our business or operations. We cannot assure you that
similar events will not occur in the future. If we give third parties greater access to our technology platform in
the future as part of providing more technology services to third-party merchants and others, it may become
more challenging for us to ensure the security of our systems. Any compromise of our information security or
the information security measures of our third-party couriers or third-party online payment service providers
or other business partners could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and
security of personal information by companies operating over the internet and mobile platforms are under
increased public scrutiny.


Significant capital and other resources may be required to protect against information security breaches or
to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related legal
obligations. The resources required may increase over time as the methods used by hackers and others
engaged in online criminal activities are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. Any failure or
perceived failure by us to prevent information security breaches or to comply with privacy policies or privacy-
related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of
personally identifiable information or other customer data, could cause our customers to lose trust in us and
could expose us to legal claims. Any perception by the public that online transactions or the privacy of user
information are becoming increasingly unsafe or vulnerable to attacks could inhibit the growth of online retail and
other online services generally, which may reduce the number of orders we receive.


Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations
regarding data privacy and cybersecurity.
As the regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity are quickly evolving in China and globally, we
may become subject to new laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of
personal or consumer information that could affect how we store, process and share data with our customers,
suppliers and third-party merchants.


On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC
Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law, among others, provides
for a security review procedure for the data activities that may affect national security. Furthermore,
the Cybersecurity Review Measures (2020), which became effective on June 1, 2020, set forth the
cybersecurity review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators, and provided that critical
information infrastructure operators who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or
may affect national security shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On July 30, 2021, the state council
promulgated the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, which became effective on
September 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, critical
information infrastructure shall mean an important network facility and information system in important industries
such as, among others, public communications and information services, as well as other important network
facilities and information systems that may seriously endanger national security, the national economy, the
people’s livelihood, or the public interests in the event of damage, loss of function, or data leakage. In addition,



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        53
     Part I (Continued)




          the administration departments for each critical industry and sector shall be responsible to formulate eligibility
          criteria and determine the critical information infrastructure operator in the respective industry or sector.
          Furthermore, the exact scope of “critical information infrastructure operators” under the current regulatory
          regime remains unclear, and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and
          enforcement of these laws. Therefore, it is uncertain whether we would be deemed as a critical information
          operator under PRC law.

          On December 28, 2021, the CAC, the National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC, the Ministry
          of Industry and Information Technology, or MIIT, and several other PRC government authorities jointly issued
          the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the Cybersecurity
          Review Measures (2020). Such Measures further restate and expand the applicable scope of the cybersecurity
          review. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, critical information infrastructure operators that
          procure internet products and services and network platform operators engaging in data processing activities
          must be subject to the cybersecurity review if their activities affect or may affect national security. Since the
          Cybersecurity Review Measures are relatively new and provide no further explanation or interpretation on the
          determination of “affecting national security,” there remain uncertainties as to whether our data processing
          activities may be deemed to affect national security.

          If we are deemed as a critical information infrastructure operator under the PRC cybersecurity laws and
          regulations, we must fulfill certain obligations as required under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations,
          including, among others, storing personal information and important data collected and produced within the
          PRC territory during our operations in China, which we have fulfilled in our business, and we may be subject to
          review when purchasing internet products and services.


          Further, the Cybersecurity Review Measures stipulate that network platform operators holding personal
          information of over one million users must apply to the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review
          before public offering on a foreign stock exchange. Although our securities have been listed on the Nasdaq
          Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, given the Cybersecurity Review Measures are
          relatively new, there are uncertainties as to the interpretation, application, and enforcement of the Cybersecurity
          Review Measures and how it will affect our business.


          On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfer,
          which became effective on September 1, 2022. These measures provide for the circumstances under which
          a data processor shall be subject to security assessment. We have applied to CAC for security assessment of
          outbound data transfer according to these measures.


          On November 14, 2021, the CAC published a discussion draft of the Administrative Measures for Internet
          Data Security. The draft provides that data processors refer to individuals or organizations that autonomously
          determine the purpose and the manner of processing data. In accordance with the draft measures, data
          processors shall apply for a cybersecurity review for certain activities. See “Information on the Company —
          Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Information Security” for details. The draft
          measures remains unclear on whether the requirements will be applicable to companies that have been listed
          in the United States and Hong Kong, such as us. There is no timetable as to when the draft measures will be
          enacted. We cannot predict the impact of the draft measures, if any, at this stage, and we will closely monitor

54   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




and assess any development in the rule-making process. As of the date of this annual report, we have not been
involved in any formal investigations on cybersecurity review made by the CAC or other regulatory authorities
based on the draft measures. However, if we are not able to comply with the cybersecurity and network data
security requirements in a timely manner, or at all, we may be subject to government enforcement actions
and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension of our non-compliant operations, or removal of our app from
the application stores, among other sanctions, which could materially and adversely affect our business and
results of operations. In addition to the cybersecurity review, the draft measures requires that data processors
processing “important data” or listed overseas shall conduct an annual data security assessment by itself or
commission a data security service provider to do so, and submit the assessment report of the preceding year to
the municipal cybersecurity department by the end of January each year. As advised by our PRC legal counsel, if
a final version of the draft measures is adopted, we may be subject to review when conducting data processing
activities and annual data security assessment and may face challenges in addressing its requirements and
make necessary changes to our internal policies and practices in data processing. As advised by our PRC legal
counsel, we are not required to file an application for the cybersecurity review by CAC for our previous issuance
of securities to foreign investors as of the date of this annual report because (i) the regulations do not require
data processors which process personal information of over one million users to file a supplementary application
of cybersecurity review for their previous issuance of securities to foreign investors that occurred before the
effective date of such regulations; and (ii) our securities have already been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange before such regulations became effective. Thus, our PRC legal
counsel does not expect that, as of the date of this annual report, we are required to file an application for the
cybersecurity review by CAC for our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors.


On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the
Personal Information Protection Law, which integrates the scattered rules with respect to personal information
rights and privacy protection and took effect on November 1, 2021. Our mobile apps and websites only collect
basic user personal information that is necessary to provide the corresponding services. We do not collect any
sensitive personal information or other excessive personal information that is not related to the corresponding
services. We update our privacy policies from time to time to meet the latest regulatory requirements of
the CAC and other authorities and adopt technical measures to protect data and ensure cybersecurity in a
systematic way. Nonetheless, the Personal Information Protection Law raises the protection requirements for
processing personal information, and many specific requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law
remain to be clarified by the CAC, other regulatory authorities, and courts in practice. We may be required to
make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with the personal information protection laws and
regulations. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.”


These laws and regulations and the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021 and also includes
certain data-related rules) are relatively new and subject to interpretation by the regulators. Although we only
gain access to user information that is necessary for, and relevant to, the services provided, the data we obtain
and use may include information that is deemed as “personal information,” “network data” or “important data”
under the PRC Cyber Security Law, the Civil Code and related data privacy and protection laws and regulations.
As such, we have adopted a series of measures to ensure that we comply with the laws and regulations in the




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       55
     Part I (Continued)




          collection, use, disclosure, sharing, storage, and security of user information and other data. The Data Security
          Law also stipulates that the authorities will formulate the catalogues for important data and strengthen the
          protection of important data, and state core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national security, the lifelines of
          national economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to stricter management
          system. “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.” The exact scopes of important
          data and state core data remain unclear and may be subject to further interpretation. If any data that we are in
          possession of constitutes important data or state core data, we may be required to adopt stricter measures for
          protection and management of such data.


          In addition, we may need to comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to
          protect business and personal data in the U.S., Europe, Hong Kong and elsewhere. For example, the European
          Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The General
          Data Protection Regulation imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal
          data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing,
          proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called
          for under General Data Protection Regulation) and regulations can be costly; any failure to comply with these
          regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. In addition, to the extent we have accessed
          personal data in Hong Kong in our operations, such as retail business, we have been in compliance with the
          laws and regulations in Hong Kong regarding data security, such as the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and
          the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Ordinance which impose protocols and obligations regarding the handling
          of personal data including that, among other things, (i) personal data shall be collected for a lawful purpose,
          necessary and not excessive, (ii) personal data shall be collected by means that are lawful and fair in the
          circumstances of the case, and (iii) the person from whom personal data is collected is informed of the purpose
          of collecting the data. We believe that the laws and regulations in Hong Kong regarding data security do not have
          a material impact on our business as of the date of this annual report. However, to the extent that certain laws
          and regulations in Hong Kong were to result in additional oversight over data security that impacts our business in
          Hong Kong, we may be required to incur additional cost to ensure our compliance to such laws and regulations,
          and any violation could result in a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and results of operations.


          We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our own privacy policies.
          Compliance with any additional laws could be expensive, and may place restrictions on the conduct of our
          business and the manner in which we interact with our customers. Any failure to comply with applicable
          regulations could also result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, and misuse of or failure to secure
          personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against us by
          governmental authorities or other authorities, damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative
          impact on revenues and profits.


          The wide variety of payment methods that we accept subjects us to third-party payment processing-
          related risks.
          We accept payments using a variety of methods, including payment on delivery, bank transfers, online payments
          through various third-party online payment platforms such as Weixin Pay, UnionPay and JD Pay. For certain
          payment methods, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating


56   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




costs and lower our profit margins. We may also be subject to fraud and other illegal activities in connection with
the various payment methods we offer, including online payment and cash on delivery options. Although we
deliver a majority of the orders directly to customers ourselves, we use third-party couriers during peak seasons to
supplement our delivery force. Given some customers choose the cash-on-delivery option when they place their
orders online, the delivery personnel of our third-party couriers collect payments on our behalf, and we require the
third-party couriers to remit the payment collected to us on the following day. If these companies fail to remit the
payment collected to us in a timely fashion or at all, if they become unwilling or unable to provide these services
to us, or if their service quality deteriorates, our business could be disrupted. We are also subject to various rules,
regulations and requirements governing electronic funds transfers, both in China and globally, which could change
or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply with. If we fail to comply with these rules or
requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit
card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers or facilitate other types of online payments,
and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


Our delivery, return and exchange policies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
We have adopted shipping policies that do not necessarily pass the full cost of shipping on to our customers.
We also have adopted customer-friendly return and exchange policies that make it convenient and easy for
customers to change their minds after completing purchases. We may also be required by law to adopt new
or amend existing return and exchange policies from time to time. For example, pursuant to the amended
Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014, except for certain types of products, such
as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods, consumers are generally entitled to return the products
purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any reasons when they purchase the products from
business operators on the internet. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation —
Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety.” These policies improve
customers’ shopping experience and promote customer loyalty, which in turn help us acquire and retain
customers. However, these policies also subject us to additional costs and expenses which we may not
recoup through increased revenue. Our ability to handle a large volume of returns is unproven. If our return and
exchange policy is misused by a significant number of customers, our costs may increase significantly and our
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If we revise these policies to reduce our costs
and expenses, our customers may be dissatisfied, which may result in loss of existing customers or failure to
acquire new customers at a desirable pace, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.


The offline fresh food markets operated under our 7FRESH brand rely heavily on sales of perishable
products, and ordering errors or product supply disruptions may have an adverse impact on its
profitability and operating results.
Our offline fresh food markets rely on various suppliers and vendors to provide and deliver our perishable product
inventory promptly on an ongoing basis. We could suffer significant product inventory losses in the event of
the loss of a major supplier or vendor, disruption of our distribution network, extended power outages, natural
disasters or other catastrophic occurrences. We have implemented certain systems to ensure our ordering is
in line with demand. We cannot assure you, however, that our ordering system will always work efficiently, in
particular in connection with the opening of new stores, which have no, or a limited, ordering history. If we were
to over-order, we could suffer inventory losses, which would negatively impact our operating results.


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023         57
     Part I (Continued)




          We may experience negative impact on our reputation due to real or perceived quality or health issues
          with the food products sold at our offline fresh food markets, which could have an adverse impact on
          our operating results.
          Customers of our offline fresh food markets expect us to provide them with fresh, high-quality food products.
          Concerns regarding the safety of our food products or the safety and quality of our food supply chain could cause
          shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of food, even if the basis
          for the concern is outside of our control. Negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not ultimately
          based on facts, and whether or not involving products sold at our stores, could discourage consumers from
          buying our products and have an adverse impact on our operating results. Furthermore, sales of food products
          entail inherent risks of product liability claims, product recall and the resulting negative publicity. Food products
          containing contaminants could be inadvertently distributed by us and, if processing by the consumers level does
          not eliminate them, these contaminants could result in illness or death. We cannot assure you that product
          liability claims will not be asserted against us or that we will not be obligated to perform product recalls or held
          liable in the future.


          Any loss in confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. Any such
          adverse impact could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of fresh, high-quality food
          products and could significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any food items sold by us,
          regardless of the cause, could have a material and adverse impact on our sales and operating results.


          Our 7FRESH brand may be unable to keep existing store locations, open new stores in desirable places
          on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, which could materially and adversely
          affect its results of operations.
          Our 7FRESH brand’s growth strategy includes opening and operating offline fresh food stores at suitable
          locations. The implementation of this strategy depends on finding suitable locations. In addition, we compete
          with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and zoning regulations, environmental
          regulations and other regulatory requirements may affect our ability to find suitable locations and have an impact
          on the cost of constructing, renovating and operating our stores. Real estate, zoning, construction and other
          delays may adversely affect store openings and renovations and increase our costs. Moreover, changing local
          demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.
          The termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of
          those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. If we determine to close or
          relocate a store subject to a lease, we may remain obligated under the lease for the remainder of the lease term.


          Furthermore, our offline fresh food stores face increasing competition from other retailers in various aspects,
          including, among others, pricing, selection, quality and availability of product offering, store hours, in-store
          amenities, shopping convenience and overall shopping experience. If we operate our stores at locations not
          suitable for our growth strategy, or if we are unable to maintain our existing store locations, open new stores in
          desirable places and on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, the results of operations of
          our 7FRESH brand could be materially and adversely affected.




58   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




If JD Technology is unable to successfully manage its business or conflicts that could arise between us
and JD Technology are not resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result.
In June 2020, we acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology, which became our equity
method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered into
a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth our rights as a shareholder. On March 31, 2021, we
entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization of our cloud computing and
artificial intelligence business, upon which our equity interest in JD Technology increased to 41.7%.


JD Technology currently provides us with certain payment services on a non-exclusive basis and other services
to us. If JD Technology is not able to successfully manage its risks such as credit risks, its ability to continue
to deliver payment and other services to us may be undermined. In such event, JD Technology might seek to
amend the terms of its agreements and arrangements with us, which could potentially result in a conflict of
interest. Other conflicts of interest between us and JD Technology may arise relating to commercial or strategic
opportunities or initiatives. Although we and JD Technology have each agreed to certain non-competition
undertakings, we cannot assure you that JD Technology would not pursue opportunities to provide services
to our competitors or other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. If JD Technology is unable to
successfully manage its business or conflicts of interest that could arise between us and JD Technology are not
resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected.


In addition, we continue to license certain of our intellectual properties, including our “JD” brand and related
trademarks and domain names, to JD Technology. Because of JD Technology’s ability to continue to use our
brand, our close association with JD Technology and overlapping user base, events that negatively affect JD
Technology, for example, alleged engagement in inappropriate activities, involvement in any legal or administrative
proceedings, or negative publicity, could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’ and other third parties’
perception of us and our JD brand, harm our credibility and reputation and adversely affect our business.

JD Logistics, our subsidiary that is a technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services
provider, is subject to risks associated with provision of integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
services and operations.
JD Logistics, a subsidiary of ours that provides technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services
provider, is subject to a variety of risks in its business, including the following:


•   potential disruptions to the operation of the warehousing and logistics facilities operated by us or other
    third-party transportation companies and couriers that facilitate our logistics services, or to the development
    of new warehousing and logistics facilities;

•   risk that our customers may reduce their expenditure on third-party supply chain solutions and logistics
    services or increase utilization of their internal solutions;

•   tightening of the labor market, increases in labor costs or any labor unrest, as we operate in a labor-
    intensive industry;


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        59
     Part I (Continued)




          •    failure to maintain positive relationships with our third-party logistics service providers;

          •    risks associated with the items we deliver and the contents of shipments and inventories handled through
               our logistics networks, including real or perceived quality or health issues with the products that are handled
               through our logistics networks; and

          •    risks inherent in the logistics industry, including personal injury, product damage, and transportation-related
               incidents.

          The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Logistics, and may have a
          material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

          JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to risks associated with the marketing, distributing,
          selling and regulation of pharmaceutical and healthcare products.
          JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to certain risks associated with the marketing, distributing and
          selling of pharmaceutical and other health and wellness products, as well as provision of medical and related
          services, including the following:


          •    inability to successfully execute effective advertising, marketing and promotional activities necessary to
               maintain and increase the awareness of JD Health and the products and services it offers;

          •    failure to implement effective pricing and other strategies in response to intense market competition in the
               pharmaceutical industry in China;


          •    inability to upgrade intelligent healthcare solutions in response to changing consumer demand and
               preference;


          •    inability to stock adequate supply of pharmaceutical and healthcare products that customers desire;


          •    potential medical liability claims in connection with our online and offline healthcare services;


          •    potential penalties or disputes against us for failure to manage our in-house medical team and external
               doctors;


          •    failure of in-house medical team or external doctors to provide adequate and proper medical services on our
               platform;


          •    inability to obtain and maintain regulatory or governmental permits, approvals and clearances, or to pass
               PRC government inspections; and


          •    the risk of, and resulting liability from, any contamination, injury or other harm caused by any use, misuse,
               misdiagnosis or side-effects involving products distributed or services provided by JD Health.




60   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Health, and may have an
adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.


Furthermore, laws and regulations regarding pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in China are strict and
extensive. Violation of the laws and regulations may result in harsh penalties and, under certain circumstances,
lead to criminal prosecution. Meanwhile, regulations of both internet industry and its internet healthcare sector,
as well as their interpretation and enforcement, are relatively new and evolving. As a result, it may be difficult
to determine what actions or omissions would be deemed in violation of applicable laws and regulations. Due to
the rapidly evolving and complexity of the regulatory environment, we cannot assure you that JD Health would
always be in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the violation of which may have adverse effect
on its brand reputation and business. Compliance with future laws and regulations may require JD Health to
change its business models and practices at an undeterminable and possibly significant financial cost. These
additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which may, in turn, have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


JD Property faces challenges relating to the macroeconomic environment, the market condition and its
own business development.
JD Property, a subsidiary of ours which develops and manages modern infrastructure in China, Asia, and Europe,
consisting primarily of logistics parks as well as business parks and others, faces challenges relating to the
macroeconomic environment, the market condition and certain characteristics of its current operations. These
challenges include:


•   potential downturn in general economy, which will slow down the demand for logistics properties and
    increase the vacancy rate, resulting in a more competitive market environment for JD Property;


•   slowdown in such business area as industrial park and logistic properties; and


•   uncertainties in JD Property’s venture into the overseas markets, such as the Southeast Asian market and
    the European market, including cultural differences, complexity of local regulatory environment, political
    stability and communication with local clients and business partners, among other things.

If JD Property’s business cannot continue to grow despite these challenges, our financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected.


JD Industrials faces challenges relating to the provision of industrial supply chain technology and
service.
JD Industrials, a subsidiary of ours, faces challenges as a leading industrial supply chain technology and service
provider in China. These challenges include:


•   ability to provide superior industrial supply chain technology and service to expand its customer base,
    which in turn depends on factors such as its ability to offer high-quality industrial products and services,
    optimize the product and service offerings in response to the diverse and evolving demand of its customers,


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        61
     Part I (Continued)




               expand and maintain relationships with its customers and suppliers, offer timely and reliable fulfillment
               service, develop industrial technology solutions and intelligent services, and recommend suitable products
               and services to its customers;


          •    failure to expand its customer base and maintain satisfactory customer experience;


          •    risk that industrial supply chain technology and service market may not develop into the stage and scale as
               expected, as it is still in its early stage of development in China;


          •    ability to successfully implement its business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics;


          •    ability to enforce effective control over the logistic service provided directly by its suppliers or other third-
               party logistics providers; and


          •    damage to its fulfillment of industrial products caused by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications
               failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other events.


          If JD Industrials’ business were negatively impacted by these challenges to a material extent, our financial
          condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

          Our use of some leased properties could be challenged by third parties or government authorities, which
          may cause interruptions to our business operations.
          A small portion of the lessors of our leased warehouses, leased offices, and leased delivery stations and pickup
          stations have not provided us with their property ownership certificates or any other documentation proving
          their right to lease those properties to us. If our lessors (including the lessors of our 7FRESH offline fresh food
          stores) are not the owners of the properties and they have not obtained consents from the owners or their
          lessors or permits from the government authorities, our leases could be invalidated. If this occurs, we may
          have to renegotiate the leases with the owners or the parties who have the right to lease the properties, and
          the terms of the new leases may be less favorable to us. Some of the leased properties were also subject to
          mortgage at the time the leases were entered into. Such lease may not be binding on the transferee of the
          property in the event that the mortgage holder forecloses on the mortgage and transfers the property to another
          party. In addition, a substantial portion of our leasehold interests in leased properties have not been registered
          with the PRC government authorities as required by PRC law, which may expose us to potential fines if we
          fail to remediate after receiving any notice from the PRC government authorities. Also, in the event that the
          actual use of our leased properties is inconsistent with the use registered on the land use right certificate or
          our leased properties are on allocated land, the competent authorities may require the lessors to return the
          land and impose fines on the lessors, or confiscate the proceeds from the leasing of the properties and impose
          fines on the lessors if such properties are leased without their consent or handing in such income, as applicable.
          Therefore, the lease agreements may be deemed to be in breach of the law and therefore be void.


          As of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of any material claims or actions being contemplated or
          initiated by government authorities, property owners or any other third parties with respect to our leasehold
          interests in or use of such properties.


62   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




However, we cannot assure you that our use of such leased properties will not be challenged. In the event that
our use of properties is successfully challenged, we may be subject to fines and forced to relocate the affected
operations. In addition, we may become involved in disputes with the property owners or third parties who
otherwise have rights to or interests in our leased properties. We can provide no assurance that we will be able
to find suitable replacement sites on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis, or at all, or that we will not be
subject to material liability resulting from third parties’ challenges on our use of such properties. As a result, our
business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


Failure to renew our current leases or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and
adversely affect our business.
We lease properties for our offices, customer service center, warehouses, sorting centers, and delivery and
pickup stations. We may not be able to successfully extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the
current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and may therefore be forced to relocate our affected
operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in significant relocation expenses, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we compete with
other businesses for premises at certain locations or of desirable sizes. As a result, even though we could
extend or renew our leases, rental payments may significantly increase as a result of the high demand for the
leased properties. In addition, we may not be able to locate desirable alternative sites for our facilities as our
business continues to grow and failure in relocating our affected operations could materially and adversely affect
our business and operations.


We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or
permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations may have
a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is subject to governmental supervision and regulation by the PRC governmental authorities,
including the State Administration for Market Regulation (formerly known as the State Administration for
Industry and Commerce), or SAMR, the NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the MIIT, the CAC, the Ministry of
Transport, the State Post Bureau and the People’s Bank of China, among others. Together, these government
authorities promulgate and enforce regulations that cover many aspects of the operation of the online
retail, courier and road freight transportation industries, including entry into these industries, the scope of
permissible business activities, licenses and permits for various business activities, and foreign investment.
See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Foreign
Investment” and “— Licenses and Permits.”

Under PRC law, an entity operating courier services across multiple provinces must obtain a cross-provincial
Courier Service Operation Permit and conduct its courier services within the permitted scope as indicated
in the permit. Furthermore, any entity engaging in road freight transportation services in China must obtain
a Road Transportation Operation Permit from the road transportation administrative authorities. We operate
a nationwide road freight transportation and delivery network. As of December 31, 2023, we had Courier
Service Operation Permits that allow Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (Jingbangda), a subsidiary of Xi’an
Jingdong Xincheng, one of the consolidated variable interest entities providing logistics services, and the
subsidiaries of Jingbangda, to operate an express delivery business in 31 provinces and 448 cities in China. As



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023         63
     Part I (Continued)




          of December 31, 2023, Jingbangda and its relevant subsidiaries had obtained Courier Service Operation Permits.
          As of the same date, among other entities, Xi’an Jingdong Xuncheng and its relevant branches and subsidiaries,
          and Jingbangda and its relevant branches and subsidiaries had obtained Road Transportation Operation Permits
          that allow these entities to provide road freight transportation services. We are in the process of making
          filings with local postal administrations for express delivery terminal outlets of the subsidiaries of Jingbangda.
          However, we cannot assure you that we can obtain such permits and licenses in a timely manner, or at all, due
          to complex procedural requirements and policies.

          In addition, we issue one type of prepaid cards which may be used to buy the products and services sold on
          our mobile apps and websites. Due to licensing requirements, currently such prepaid cards can only be used to
          purchase products and services directly sold by us.

          There may be some defects with respect to the process of establishing certain of our indirect subsidiaries in
          China. Certain subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China were established without obtaining
          the prior approval from the government authorities that supervise their industry, and some have obtained the
          permits from the government authority at a level lower than as required. We have not received any notice of
          warning or been subject to penalties or other disciplinary action from the governmental authorities with respect
          to these defects. However, we cannot assure you that the governmental authorities would not require us to
          obtain the approvals, or the permits from proper level of government authorities to cure the defects, or take any
          other actions retrospectively in the future. If the government authorities require us to cure such defects, we
          cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the approvals, or the permits from proper level of government
          authorities, in a timely manner or at all.

          We provide payment by installments to certain qualified customers for purchasing products sold on our
          websites. These payment services may be deemed to be providing consumer loans. If so, an approval for
          consumer finance company from the government authority is required, and we cannot assure you that we can
          obtain such approval in a timely manner, or at all.


          If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals, licenses or permits,
          it has the power, among other things, to levy fines, confiscate our income, revoke our business licenses, and
          require us to discontinue that business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of our business. Any of
          these actions by the PRC government may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations.


          The e-commerce industry, and online retail in particular, is highly regulated by the PRC government. For
          example, the Price Law of the People’s Republic of China prohibits a business operator from committing the
          specified unlawful pricing activities, such as dumping products at price below cost for the purpose of driving out
          rivals or monopolizing the market, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to transact, colluding
          with others to manipulate the market price, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators.
          We are required to obtain various licenses and permits from different regulatory authorities in order to distribute
          certain categories of products on our mobile apps and websites. See “Information on the Company — Business
          Overview — Regulation — Licenses and Permits.” We have made great efforts to obtain all the applicable
          licenses and permits, but due to the large number of products sold on our mobile apps and websites, we may
          not always be able to do so and we were penalized by governmental authorities for selling products without

64   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




proper licenses. As we increase our product selection, we may also become subject to new or existing laws and
regulations that did not affect us before.


As online retail is evolving rapidly in China, new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to
require additional licenses and permits other than those we currently have, and to address new issues that
arise from time to time. For example, in August 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress promulgated the E-Commerce Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. The E-Commerce
Law imposes a number of new requirements and obligations on e-commerce platform operators. In addition, on
March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading,
which took effect from May 1, 2021 and became an important departmental regulation for the implementation
of the E-commerce Law. We have adopted a series of measures to comply with such requires under the
E-Commerce Law. We cannot assure you, however, that our current business operations meet the requirements
under the E-Commerce Law in all respects. If the PRC governmental authorities determine that we are not in
compliance with all the requirements under the E-Commerce Law and other applicable laws and rules, we may
be subject to fines and/or other sanctions. As a result, we are subject to risks regarding the interpretation and
implementation of PRC laws and regulations applicable to online retail businesses. If we are unable to maintain
and renew one or more of our licenses and certificates when their current term expires, or obtain such renewals
on commercially reasonable terms, our operations could be disrupted. If the PRC government requires additional
licenses or permits or provides stricter supervision requirements in the future in order for us to conduct our
businesses, there is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such licenses or permits or meet all the
supervision requirements in a timely manner, or at all.


We have granted, and may continue to grant, restricted share units and other types of awards under
our share incentive plans and our consolidated subsidiaries’ share incentive plans, which may result in
increased share-based compensation expenses.
We adopted our current share incentive plan effective December 21, 2023, or the 2023 Plan, to replace our
previous plan, which expired on December 20, 2023. JD Logistics, JD Health, JD Property and JD Industrials
each have their own share incentive plans as well, and since we consolidate them in our financial statements,
their share-based compensation expenses also affect our financial performance. See “Directors, Senior
Management and Employees — Compensation — Share Incentive Plans” for a detailed discussion of these
various plans. In May 2015, with approval of our board of directors, Mr. Liu was granted an option to acquire
a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company under our previous plan, at an exercise price of
US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award vested
on each anniversary of the grant date. We incurred share-based compensation expenses of RMB73 million,
RMB54 million and RMB38 million (US$5 million) in connection with this grant of option to Mr. Liu in 2021,
2022 and 2023, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we recorded an
aggregate of RMB9,134 million, RMB7,548 million, and RMB4,804 million (US$677 million), respectively, in
share-based compensation expenses. As of December 31, 2023, the awards in our share incentive plans that
had been granted to our directors, officers, employees and consultants and remained outstanding included
(i) restricted share units to receive an aggregate of 53,988,060 ordinary shares, excluding restricted share
units that were forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the grant date, and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of
17,803,820 ordinary shares, excluding options that were forfeited, cancelled, or exercised after the grant date.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        65
     Part I (Continued)




          As of December 31, 2023, none of the awards had been granted under the 2023 Plan. For awards granted
          under the share incentive plans of our consolidated subsidiaries, please see “Directors, Senior Management
          and Employees — Compensation — Share Incentive Plans — Share Incentive Plans of our Consolidated
          Subsidiaries.” We believe the granting of share-based awards is of significant importance to our ability to attract
          and retain key personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share-based awards to employees in the
          future. As a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may increase, which may have an
          adverse effect on our results of operations.


          Our results of operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations.
          We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of traditional retail seasonality patterns and
          new patterns associated with online retail in particular. For example, we generally experience less user traffic
          and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday season
          in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are significantly higher in the
          fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.


          E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year, and we hold
          a special promotional campaign in the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary
          of the founding of our business, both of which can affect our results for those quarters. Overall, the historical
          seasonality of our business has been relatively mild due to the rapid growth we have experienced and may
          increase further in the future. Our financial condition and results of operations for future periods may continue
          to fluctuate. As a result, the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fluctuate from time to
          time due to seasonality.


          We may need additional capital, and financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
          Although we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flow from operations will
          be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 months, we may also require additional cash
          resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any changes in our
          account payable policy, marketing initiatives or investments we may decide to pursue. If these resources are
          insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity
          or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution of our existing shareholders.
          The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating
          and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. For example, the unsecured senior notes we
          issued in April 2016 and January 2020 both contain covenants including limitation on liens and restriction on
          consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and our term and revolving credit facilities
          we entered into in 2021, 2022 and 2023 contain covenants that impose certain minimum financial performance
          requirements on us and that might restrict our ability to raise additional debt. It is uncertain whether financing
          will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Disruptions in the financial markets not
          related to us could also affect our ability to raise capital. Any difficulty or failure to meet our liquidity needs as
          and when needed can have a material adverse effect on our prospects. A large balance of indebtedness may
          require that we devote our financial resources to servicing such debt rather than funding our operating activities,
          which constrains our capital flexibility and may in turn adversely affect our results of operation. It may also be a




66   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




challenge for us to service our interest and principal repayments in a timely manner or at all, which could trigger
cross-defaults with other debt, as applicable, as well as limit our ability to obtain further debt financing.


Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness or enforcement of our obligations under any
guarantee or other similar arrangement could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
As of December 31, 2023, we had long-term debt obligations of RMB42.4 billion (US$6 billion). Under the terms
of our indebtedness and under any debt financing arrangement that we may enter into in the future, we are, and
may be in the future, subject to covenants that could, among other things, restrict our business and operations.
If we breach any of these covenants, our lenders under our credit facilities and holders of our unsecured senior
notes will be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Any default under our credit facilities or unsecured
senior notes could require that we repay these debts prior to maturity as well as limit our ability to obtain
additional financing, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. In addition,
enforcement against us under any guarantee and other similar arrangements we may enter into in the future
could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.


Fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature and fluctuation of fair value change of the wealth
management products we invested in have affected our results of operations in the past and may
continue to affect our results of operations in the future.
The fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature, primarily gains on sale of development properties,
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, and others, net, significantly affected our results of operations
during 2021, 2022 and 2023. We recorded a gain of RMB767 million, RMB1,379 million and RMB2,283 million
(US$322 million) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, for selling certain of our development properties.
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets were nil, nil, and RMB5.2 billion (US$0.7 billion) in 2021, 2022 and
2023, respectively. Others, net are other non-operating income/(loss), primarily consist of gains/(losses) from fair
value change of long-term investments, gains/(losses) from business and investment disposals, impairment of
investments, government incentives, interest income and foreign exchange gains/(losses). For others, net, we
recorded a loss of RMB0.6 billion, a loss of RMB1.6 billion and an income of RMB7.5 billion (US$1.1 billion) in
2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. We identify these items as non-recurring in nature as they are not indicative
of our core operating results and business outlook. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to
generate net profits and maintain profitability in the future after excluding the impact of such non-recurring items.
The significant fluctuation of these non-recurring items may continue to affect our results of operations and result
in fluctuation of net income/(loss) in the future.


During 2021, 2022 and 2023, we made investments in wealth management products and recorded a fair value
of wealth management products of RMB77.0 billion, RMB74.1 billion and RMB59.7 billion (US$8.4 billion) as of
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, which included gross unrealized gains of RMB474.0 million,
RMB373.2 million and RMB647.2 million (US$91.2 million), respectively. No impairment charges were recorded
for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Those wealth management products
were certain deposits with variable interest rates or principal not-guaranteed with certain financial institutions,
and usually have maturities of less than one year. We are exposed to credit risk in relation to our investments in
wealth management products, which may adversely affect our net changes in their fair value. We cannot assure
you that market conditions and regulatory environment will create fair value gains and we will not incur any fair


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023       67
     Part I (Continued)




          value losses on our investments in wealth management products at fair value through profit or loss in the future.
          If we incur such fair value losses, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely
          affected.


          A severe or prolonged slowdown in the Chinese or global economy could materially and adversely affect
          our business and financial condition.
          COVID-19 had a severe and negative impact on the Chinese and the global economy from 2020 through 2022,
          and the global macroeconomic environment still faces numerous challenges. The growth rate of the Chinese
          economy has been slowing since 2010 and the Chinese population began to decline in 2022. The Federal
          Reserve and other central banks outside of China have raised interest rates. The Russia-Ukraine conflict, the
          Hamas-Israel conflict and the attacks on shipping in the Red Sea have heightened geopolitical tensions across
          the world. The impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on Ukraine food exports has contributed to increases in food
          prices and thus to inflation more generally. There have also been concerns about the relationship between China
          and other countries which may potentially have economic effects. In particular, there is significant uncertainty
          about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to a wide range of issues
          including trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Economic conditions in China are sensitive
          to global economic conditions, as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected
          or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese
          economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.


          We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could
          harm our business and competitive position.
          We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and similar
          intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on a combination of intellectual property laws and
          contractual arrangements, including confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with
          our employees and others, to protect our proprietary rights. Although we are not aware of any copycat websites
          that attempt to cause confusion or diversion of traffic from us at the moment, we may become an attractive
          target to such attacks in the future because of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China.
          Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or
          misappropriated, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages.
          In addition, there can be no assurance that our patent applications will be approved, that any issued patents will
          adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be challenged by third parties or found by
          a judicial authority to be invalid or unenforceable. Further, because of the rapid pace of technological change in our
          industry, parts of our business rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able
          to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms.


          Under the applicable laws and regulations relating to intellectual property, it may take months or even years to
          register, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights. Confidentiality, invention assignment and non-
          compete agreements may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available
          to us for any such breach. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights
          or to enforce our contractual rights when needed. Policing any unauthorized use of our intellectual property is
          difficult and costly and the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent the infringement or misappropriation of


68   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




our intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, such
litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial resources, and could
put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or narrowed in scope. We can provide no assurance
that we will prevail in such litigation, and even if we do prevail, we may not obtain a meaningful recovery. In
addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by,
our competitors. Any failure in maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and
may disrupt our business and operations.
We cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise
violate patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have been, and from time
to time in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of
others. In addition, there may be other third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our products or services, the
products or services provided by third-party merchants on our marketplace, or other aspects of our business. There
could also be existing patents of which we are not aware that our products may inadvertently infringe. We cannot
assure you that holders of patents purportedly relating to some aspect of our technology platform or business, if
any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce such patents against us in China, the United States or any other
jurisdictions. Further, the application and interpretation of China’s patent laws and the procedures and standards for
granting patents in China are still evolving and are uncertain, and we cannot assure you that PRC courts or regulatory
authorities would agree with our analysis. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others,
we may be subject to liability for our infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual
property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition, we may incur
significant expenses, and may be forced to divert management’s time and other resources from our business and
operations to defend against these third-party infringement claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement
or licensing claims made against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our
business and operations by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question. Finally, we
use open source software in connection with our products and services. Companies that incorporate open source
software into their products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open
source software and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties
claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing
terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their
software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and make available any derivative works
of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Any requirement to disclose our source code or pay
damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations and financial condition.


We have limited insurance coverage, which could expose us to significant costs and business disruption.
We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
facilities. We maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at 173 locations. We also provide
social security insurance including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
maternity insurance and medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023          69
     Part I (Continued)




          insurance for all employees and supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and
          other professional personnel. However, insurance companies in China currently offer limited business-related
          insurance products. We do not maintain business interruption insurance or product liability insurance other than
          in connection with the fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, nor do we maintain key-man insurance.
          We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from any loss or that we will be
          able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely basis, or at all. If we incur
          any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is significantly less than our
          actual loss, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


          Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has considerable influence over important corporate matters.
          Our dual-class voting structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage
          others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/
          or our ADSs may view as beneficial.
          Our company is controlled through a dual class voting structure. Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has
          considerable influence over important corporate matters. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary
          shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share in
          respect of matters requiring the votes of shareholders, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to
          twenty votes per share, subject to certain exceptions. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class
          A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class
          B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any direct or indirect transfer of Class B ordinary shares or
          associated voting power by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder,
          such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class
          A ordinary shares. Due to the disparate voting powers associated with our two classes of ordinary shares, as
          of March 31, 2024, Mr. Liu beneficially owned 70.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
          3.8% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
          Limited. See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Share Ownership.” As a result, Mr. Liu has
          considerable influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or
          other business combination transactions. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate
          matters and could also discourage others from pursuing any potential merger, takeover or other change of
          control transactions, which could have the effect of depriving the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our
          ADSs of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price.

          The current tensions in international trade policies and rising political tensions, particularly between the
          United States and China, may adversely impact our business and operating results.
          The U.S. government has made statements and taken certain actions that may lead to changes in U.S. and
          international trade policies towards China. In January 2020, the “Phase One” agreement was signed between the
          United States and China on trade matters, which expired in December 2021. It remains unclear what additional
          actions, if any, will be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect to international trade agreements, the
          imposition of tariffs on goods imported into the United States, tax policy related to international commerce, or
          other trade matters. While cross-border business may not be an area of focus for us, any unfavorable government
          policies on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand for our products and
          services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from selling products in certain countries.
          If any new tariffs, legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing trade agreements are renegotiated
          or, in particular, if the U.S. government takes retaliatory trade actions due to recent U.S.-China trade tensions,
          such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

70   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In addition, we have been closely monitoring domestic policies in the United States designed to restrict certain
Chinese companies from supplying or operating in the U.S. market. These policies include the Clean Network
project initiated by the U.S. Department of State in August 2020, new authorities granted to the Department of
Commerce to prohibit or restrict the use of information and communications technology and services, or ICTS, and
Executive Order on Protecting America’s Sensitive Data from Foreign Adversaries published in June 2021. While a
substantial majority of our business is conducted in China, policies like these may deter U.S. users from accessing
and/or using our apps, products and services, which could adversely impact our user experience and reputation.

Likewise, we are monitoring policies in the United States that are aimed at restricting U.S. persons from investing
in or supplying certain Chinese companies and/or imposing sanctions on Chinese entities. The United States and
various foreign governments have imposed controls, license requirements and restrictions on the import or export
of technologies and products (or voiced the intention to do so).

In August 2023, an executive order was issued by the Biden administration to restrict U.S. investments in
sensitive technologies in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, and Macau, such as advanced computing chips,
quantum technology, and artificial intelligence. As of the date of this annual report, the final rules implementing
the order have not become effective yet, and the scope of the review program may be materially different from
what is currently contemplated by the advance notice. Therefore, there are substantial uncertainties on whether
the outbound foreign direct investment review program will have a material impact on our business, results of
operations, financial condition, and prospects.

In addition, the U.S. government may potentially impose a ban prohibiting U.S. persons from making
investments in or engaging in transactions with companies in certain countries, including China. Measures
such as these could deter suppliers in the United States and/or other countries that impose sanctions, export
controls and other restrictions from providing technologies and products to, making investments in, or otherwise
engaging in transactions with Chinese companies. As a result, Chinese companies would have to identify and
secure alternative supplies or sources of financing, while they may not be able to do so in a timely manner
and at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, Chinese companies may have to limit and reduce
their research and development and other business activities, or cease conducting transactions with parties,
in the United States and other countries that impose export controls or other restrictions. Like other Chinese
companies, we may be affected by such sanctions, export controls or other restrictions, and we may also
be exposed to risks in dealing with business partners that are subject to sanctions, export controls or other
restrictions. As a result, we could be required to incur additional costs to comply with these complicated
regulations and measures and could face penalties for any violation, even inadvertent, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be the subject of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties
including complaints to regulatory agencies, negative blog postings, and the public dissemination of
malicious assessments of our business that could harm our reputation and cause us to lose market share,
customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
We may be the target of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties. Such conduct
includes complaints, anonymous or otherwise, to regulatory agencies. Our brand name and our business may
be harmed by aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our competitors. We may be subject to
government or regulatory investigation as a result of such third-party conduct and may be required to expend
significant time and incur substantial costs to address such third-party conduct, and there is no assurance


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        71
     Part I (Continued)




          that we will be able to conclusively refute each of the allegations within a reasonable period of time, or at all.
          Additionally, allegations, directly or indirectly against us, may be posted in internet chat-rooms or on blogs or
          websites by anyone, whether or not related to us, on an anonymous basis. Consumers value readily available
          information concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information
          without further investigation or authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability of information
          on social media platforms and devices is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices
          immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on the
          accuracy of the content posted. Information posted may be inaccurate and adverse to us, and it may harm our
          financial performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity
          for redress or correction. Our reputation may be negatively affected as a result of the public dissemination of
          anonymous allegations or malicious statements about our business, which in turn may cause us to lose market
          share, customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

          We face risks related to natural disasters, health epidemics and other public safety concerns.
          Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics or other public
          safety concerns affecting the PRC. Any such occurrences could cause severe disruption to our daily operations,
          including our fulfillment infrastructure and our customer service centers, and may even require a temporary
          closure of our facilities. In addition, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that
          any such occurrence affects our suppliers, customers or business partners or harms the Chinese economy
          in general. Furthermore, to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other public safety concern
          adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other
          risks described in this annual report, such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate
          sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in
          the agreements that govern our indebtedness. If any natural disasters, health epidemics or other public safety
          concerns were to cause our operations to experience material disruptions, our business, financial condition and
          results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

          If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
          Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
          results and the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be adversely affected.
          We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404
          of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management
          report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting in its annual report, which contains
          management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. In
          addition, an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of the
          company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our management has concluded that our internal control over
          financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. See “Controls and Procedures.”

          However, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our management
          and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude that we have effective
          internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. This could in turn result in the loss of
          investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively impact the trading price of our
          Class A ordinary shares and ADSs. Furthermore, we have incurred and may need to incur additional costs and
          use additional management and other resources in an effort to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
          Act and other requirements going forward.


72   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in
connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for
how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.
PRC laws and regulations in relation to overseas issuance and listing of shares have been evolving. On
July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities
Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration
over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed
to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks
and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. As a follow-up, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC
released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31, 2023.


The Trial Measures establish a new filing-based regime to regulate overseas offerings of stocks, depository
receipts, convertible corporate bond, or other equity securities, and overseas listing of these securities for
trading, by domestic companies. According to the Trial Measures, an overseas offering and listing by a domestic
company, whether directly or indirectly, shall be filed with the CSRC. According to the Trial Measures, an
issuer like us is required to submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offering and other equivalent offering
activities, within a specific time frame. The Trial Measures also sets forth certain regulatory red lines for
overseas offerings and listings by domestic enterprises and additional reporting obligations for listed companies
in the case of material changes. Any failure to perform such filing or reporting procedure would subject us to
administrative penalties by the CSRC which could harm our reputation and may adversely affect our results
of financial condition. For more details of the Trial Measures, please refer to “Information on the Company —
Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A.”


Furthermore, on February 24, 2023, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and
Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises, or, the
Confidentiality Provisions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Confidentiality Provisions,
any future inspection or investigation conducted by overseas securities regulator or the competent authorities
on our PRC domestic companies with respect to our overseas issuance and listing shall be carried out in the
manner in compliance with PRC laws and regulations.


In addition, we cannot assure you that any new rules or regulations promulgated in the future will not impose
additional requirements on us. If it is determined in the future that approval and filing from the CSRC or other
regulatory authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the discussion draft of
the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security, are required for our offshore offerings, it is uncertain
whether we can, or how long it will take us to, obtain such approval or complete such filing procedures and any
such approval or filing could be rescinded or rejected. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval
or completing such filing procedures for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval or filing if
obtained by us, would subject us to sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to
seek CSRC approval or filing or other government authorization for our offshore offerings. Any uncertainties
or negative publicity regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading price of our listed securities.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       73
     Part I (Continued)




          The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work
          performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
          Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.
          Our Form 20-F auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
          in Form 20-F, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with
          the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections
          to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our Form 20-F auditor is located in China,
          a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely
          before 2022. As a result, we and investors in our ADSs were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB
          inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China in the past has made it more
          difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures or
          quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections.
          On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and
          removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or
          investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the PCAOB determines in the future that
          it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland or
          Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
          on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we and investors in our ADSs would be deprived of the benefits
          of such PCAOB inspections again, which could cause investors and potential investors in our ADSs to lose
          confidence in the audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.


          Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
          PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs,
          or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.
          Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public
          accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection for the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC
          will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
          trading market in the United States.


          On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB
          was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the
          Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, and our Form 20-F auditor was subject to that determination. In May 2022,
          the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of
          annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB
          removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect
          or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we were not identified as a
          Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year
          ended December 31, 2022 and do not expect to be identified so after we file annual report on Form 20-F for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.


          Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the
          Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it
          no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and
74   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer
following the filing of the annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. In accordance with the HFCAA,
our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the United States if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive
years in the future. Although our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
and our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are fully fungible, we cannot assure your that an active trading market
for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained or that the ADSs can be
converted and traded with sufficient market recognition and liquidity, if our shares and ADSs are prohibited
from trading in the United States. A prohibition of being able to trade in the United States would substantially
impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated
with delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, such a
prohibition would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects.


We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and
public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is
charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded,
and the various regulatory authorities in China and the Cayman Islands, and to new and evolving regulatory
measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have
resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.


Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to ongoing interpretations, their
application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any
subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.


Our international expansion strategy and ability to conduct business in international markets may be
adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks.
International expansion is a significant component of our growth strategy and may require significant capital
investment, which could strain our resources and adversely impact current performance, while adding
complexity to our current operations. We are subject to PRC law in addition to the laws of the foreign countries
in which we operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could
become subject to sanctions or other penalties, which could negatively affect our reputation, business and
operating results.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         75
     Part I (Continued)




          In addition, we may face operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business
          and results of operations, if we fail to address certain factors including the following:


          •    difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a foreign operation as a result of distance,
               language and cultural differences;

          •    challenges in formulating effective local sales and marketing strategies targeting users from various
               jurisdictions and cultures, who have a diverse range of preferences and demands;

          •    challenges in identifying appropriate local business partners and establishing and maintaining good working
               relationships with them;

          •    dependence on local platforms in marketing our international products and services overseas;

          •    challenges in selecting suitable geographical regions for international business;

          •    longer customer payment cycles;

          •    currency exchange rate fluctuations;

          •    political or social unrest or economic instability;

          •    protectionist or national security policies that restrict our ability to invest in or acquire companies; develop,
               import or export certain technologies, such as the national AI initiative proposed by the U.S. government;
               or utilize technologies that are deemed by local governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national
               security;

          •    compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations and unexpected changes in laws or regulations,
               including compliance with privacy laws and data security laws, including the European Union General Data
               Protection Regulation and compliance costs across different legal systems;

          •    differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations or other
               trade barriers or restrictions which may be applicable to transactions conducted through our international
               and cross-border platforms, related compliance obligations and consequences of non-compliance, and any
               new developments in these areas; and

          •    increased costs associated with doing business in foreign jurisdictions.

          One or more of these factors could harm our overseas operations and consequently, could harm our overall
          results of operations. In addition, legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate
          may enact changes to, or seek to enforce novel interpretations of, their tax rules. These changes could include
          amendments that have temporary effect as well as more permanent changes. For example, the Organization
          for Economic Cooperation and Development, or the OECD, the European Union and other countries (including
          countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax
          principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. In particular, the OECD’s Pillar Two initiative
          introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis, which became effective in many
          jurisdictions in which we operate starting January 1, 2024. The impact of these potential new rules and any
          other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations could have a material and adverse effect
          on our effective tax rate, and we will continue to evaluate the impact of these changes.


76   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the
consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these
laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe
penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
Foreign ownership of certain of our businesses including value-added telecommunication services is subject to
restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. For example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more
than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication service provider (excluding e-commerce,
domestic multi-party communications, data collection and transmission services and call centers).


We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our PRC subsidiaries Jingdong Century, Shanghai
Shengdayuan and Xi’an Jingxundi are considered foreign-invested enterprises. Accordingly, none of these PRC
subsidiaries is eligible to provide value-added telecommunication services or provide certain other restricted
services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery services. As a result, we conduct or
will conduct such business activities through the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in
PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jingbangda. Jingdong 360 holds
our ICP license as an internet information provider. Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng primarily provides courier services
through Jingbangda and its subsidiaries.


We entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and their respective shareholders, which enable us to:


•   receive substantially all of the economic benefits of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
    Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China; and


•   have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
    Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China when and to the extent permitted by
    PRC law.

Because of these contractual arrangements, we are the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and hence consolidate their financial results
as the consolidated variable interest entities. For a detailed discussion of these contractual arrangements, see
“Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”


In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of the consolidated variable
interest entities in China and the PRC subsidiaries that have entered into contractual arrangements with the
variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, comply with all existing PRC laws and regulations; and
(ii) the contractual arrangements between the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable interest
entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, binding and enforceable, and will not
result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        77
     Part I (Continued)




          However, we are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable
          interest entities and we conduct certain of our operations in China through the consolidated variable interest
          entities with which we have maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary
          shares thus are not purchasing equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead
          are purchasing equity interest in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that
          the contractual arrangements with constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not
          comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in
          the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
          We may not be able to repay the notes and other indebtedness, and the securities we are registering may
          decline in value or become worthless, if the determinations, changes, or interpretations result in our inability to
          assert contractual control over the assets of the consolidated variable interest entities. Our holding company in
          the Cayman Islands, the consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty
          about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual
          arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial
          performance of the consolidated variable interest entities and our company as a group.


          Our PRC legal counsel has also advised us that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation
          and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules; accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities
          may take a view that is contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel in the future. It is uncertain whether any
          other new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted,
          what they would provide. If we or any of the consolidated variable interest entities are found to be in violation
          of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits
          or approvals, the PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such
          violations or failures, including:


          •    revoking the business licenses of such entities;


          •    discontinuing or restricting the conduct of any transactions between certain of our PRC subsidiaries and
               variable interest entities;


          •    imposing fines, confiscating the income from the consolidated variable interest entities, or imposing other
               requirements with which we or the consolidated variable interest entities may not be able to comply;


          •    requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the contractual
               arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and deregistering the equity pledges of
               the consolidated variable interest entities, which in turn would affect our ability to consolidate or derive
               economic interests from the consolidated variable interest entities; or


          •    restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any of our financing outside China to finance our
               business and operations in China.




78   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




The imposition of any of these penalties would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct
our business. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on our
ability to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities in our consolidated financial
statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find our legal structure and contractual arrangements
to be in violation of PRC laws and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes
us to lose our right to direct the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities or our right to receive
substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from the consolidated variable interest entities and
we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no
longer be able to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities in our consolidated
financial statements. Either of these results, or any other significant penalties that might be imposed on us in
this event, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


Although we believe we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities comply with current
PRC laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that the PRC government would agree that our contractual
arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or
with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. The PRC government may determine rectifiable
or punitive measures for non-compliance with or violations of PRC laws and regulations. If the PRC government
determines that we or the consolidated variable interest entities do not comply with applicable law, it could
revoke the consolidated variable interest entities’ business and operating licenses, require the consolidated
variable interest entities to discontinue or restrict the consolidated variable interest entities’ operations, restrict
the consolidated variable interest entities’ right to collect revenues, block the consolidated variable interest
entities’ websites, require the consolidated variable interest entities to restructure our operations, impose
additional conditions or requirements with which the consolidated variable interest entities may not be able
to comply, impose restrictions on the consolidated variable interest entities’ business operations or on their
customers, or take other regulatory or enforcement actions against the consolidated variable interest entities
that could be harmful to their business. Any of these or similar occurrences could significantly disrupt our or the
consolidated variable interest entities’ business operations or restrict the consolidated variable interest entities
from conducting a substantial portion of their business operations, which could materially and adversely affect
the consolidated variable interest entities’ business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of these
occurrences results in our inability to direct the activities of any of the consolidated variable interest entities that
most significantly impact its economic performance, and/or our failure to receive the economic benefits from any
of the consolidated variable interest entities, we may not be able to consolidate these entities in our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         79
     Part I (Continued)




          We rely on contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners
          for a portion of our business operations, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
          operational control.
          We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and its
          shareholders to hold our ICP license as an internet information provider, contractual arrangements with Jiangsu
          Yuanzhou and its shareholders to conduct the distribution of books and audio and video products and contractual
          arrangements with other variable interest entities for the restricted businesses. For a description of these
          contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” These contractual
          arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the consolidated
          variable interest entities.


          If we had direct ownership of the consolidated variable interest entities, we would be able to exercise our
          rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of those entities, which in turn could effect
          changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level. However, under the current
          contractual arrangements, we rely on the performance by the consolidated variable interest entities and their
          respective shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control over the consolidated
          variable interest entities. However, the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may not act in
          the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks exist
          throughout the period in which we intend to operate our business through the contractual arrangements with
          the consolidated variable interest entities. We may replace the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest
          entities at any time pursuant to our contractual arrangements with them and their shareholders. However, if any
          dispute relating to these contracts remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under these contracts
          through the operations of PRC law and courts and therefore will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal
          system. See “— Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
          obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our
          business.” Therefore, our contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities may not be
          as effective in ensuring our control over the relevant portion of our business operations as direct ownership
          would be.


          Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
          obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on
          our business.
          If the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations
          under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources
          to enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, including seeking
          specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective.
          For example, if the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities were to refuse to transfer their
          equity interest in the variable interest entities to us or our designee when we exercise the purchase option
          pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, we may
          have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations.




80   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




All the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution
of disputes through arbitration in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with
PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. See “— Risks Related
to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could
adversely affect us.” Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual
arrangements in the context of a variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law, and
as a result it may be difficult to predict how an arbitration panel would view such contractual arrangements.
As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual
arrangements. Additionally, under PRC law, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties cannot appeal the arbitration
results in courts, and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration awards within a prescribed time
limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration awards in PRC courts through arbitration award
recognition proceedings, which would require additional expenses and delay.


The consolidated variable interest entities, including their subsidiaries, hold our necessary licenses and permits,
including ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits and Practicing License for Medical Institutions, and
conduct our sales of books and audio and video products (including publication of e-books and online audio and
video products). In the event we are unable to enforce our contractual arrangements, our ability to conduct
these businesses may be negatively affected. We generate the majority of our revenues from products and
services that are offered to customers through our mobile apps and websites and any interruption in our ability
to use our mobile apps and websites may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.


The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest
with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang are the shareholders of Suqian Juhe.
Mr. Qin Miao, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang are the shareholders of the other significant consolidated
variable interest entities. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice
president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of JD Technology, a significant investee of our
company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.


The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us.
These shareholders may breach, or cause the consolidated variable interest entities to breach, or refuse to
renew, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the consolidated variable interest entities,
which would have a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the consolidated variable
interest entities and receive substantially all the economic benefits from them. For example, the shareholders
may be able to cause our agreements with the consolidated variable interest entities to be performed in a
manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements
to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise, any or all of these
shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved in our favor.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        81
     Part I (Continued)




          Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these
          shareholders and our company. We rely on Mr. Liu to abide by the laws of the Cayman Islands and China, which
          provide that directors owe a fiduciary duty to the company that requires them to act in good faith and in what
          they believe to be the best interests of the company and not to use their position for personal gains. If we
          cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and the shareholders of the consolidated variable
          interest entities, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business
          and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.


          We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any
          cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
          to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
          We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC
          subsidiaries like Jingdong Century for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to
          pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may incur. If these
          subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
          their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require
          Jingdong Century or any other relevant PRC subsidiary to adjust its taxable income under the contractual
          arrangements it currently has in place with the consolidated variable interest entities in a manner that would
          materially and adversely affect its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. See “— Contractual
          arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax
          authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe additional taxes, which could
          negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.”


          Under PRC laws and regulations, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may pay
          dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
          standards and regulations. In addition, a PRC enterprise is required to set aside at least 10% of its accumulated
          after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund
          reaches 50% of its registered capital.


          Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could
          materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to
          our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. The funds in our PRC subsidiaries or
          the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for
          other use outside of the Chinese mainland if our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable
          interest entities do not comply with applicable laws and regulations on cash transfers. Although currently there
          are not equivalent or similar requirements in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities,
          if certain requirements in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of
          Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to fund
          operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. See also “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — If
          we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could result in
          unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”




82   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and
governmental regulation of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to
our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.
We are an offshore holding company conducting our operations in the Chinese mainland through our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the
consolidated variable interest entities subject to the approval from governmental authorities and limitation of
amount, or we may make additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
mainland.


Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which are treated as
foreign-invested enterprises under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan
registrations. For example, loans by us to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to
finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits, i.e., the difference between its total amount of investment
and its registered capital, or certain amount calculated based on elements including capital or net assets, the
cross-border financing leverage ratio and the macro prudential coefficient (“Macro-prudential Management
Mode”) under PRC laws and the loans must be registered with the local counterpart of the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, or filed with SAFE in its information system. We may also provide loans to the
consolidated variable interest entities or other domestic PRC entities under the Macro-prudential Management
Mode. According to the Circular of the People’s Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
on Upregulating the Macro-prudent Adjustment Parameter for Cross-border Financing issued on July 20, 2023,
the limit for the total amount of foreign debt under the Macro-prudential Management Mode is adjusted to three
times of their respective net assets.


Moreover, any medium or long-term loan to be provided by us to the consolidated variable interest entities or
other domestic PRC entities must also be registered with the NDRC.


We may also decide to finance our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland by means of
capital contributions. These capital contributions shall go through record-filing procedures from competent
administration for market regulation. SAFE issued the Circular on the Management Concerning the Reform of
the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, which took effect
on June 1, 2015. This circular allows for the use of RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated
capital for equity investments in the PRC provided that such usage shall fall into the scope of business of
the foreign-invested enterprise, which will be regarded as the reinvestment of foreign-invested enterprise. In
addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular Regarding Further Promotion of the Facilitation of Cross-Border Trade
and Investment on October 23, 2019, pursuant to which all foreign-invested enterprises can make equity
investments in the PRC with their capital funds in accordance with the law. The Circular Regarding Further
Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the Stabilization of Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment
jointly promulgated by the People’s Bank of China, NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the State-owned Assets
Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        83
     Part I (Continued)




          Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020 and effective on February 4, 2021 allows the non-investment
          foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic reinvestment with RMB capital in accordance with the law on
          the premise that they comply with prevailing regulations and the invested projects in China are authentic and
          compliant. In addition, if a foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital accounts to conduct
          domestic reinvestment, the invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit account for RMB capital.


          Due to the restrictions imposed on loans in foreign currencies extended to any PRC domestic companies, we
          may not be able to make such loans to the subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
          mainland and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland. Meanwhile, we may not be
          able to finance the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities by means of capital contributions
          given the restrictions on foreign investment in the businesses that are currently conducted by the consolidated
          variable interest entities.


          In light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC
          entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary
          government registrations or record-filings on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC
          subsidiaries or any consolidated variable interest entity or future capital contributions by us to our wholly
          foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide
          prompt financial support to our PRC subsidiaries or consolidated variable interest entities when needed. If we
          fail to complete such registrations or record-filings, our ability to use foreign currency, including the proceeds
          we received from our initial public offering, and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be
          negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
          our business.


          Contractual arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to
          scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe
          additional taxes, which could negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.
          Under applicable PRC laws and regulations, transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or
          challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities deem the transactions between the PRC
          subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China, and their respective shareholders were not
          entered into on an arm’s-length basis and resulted in deferral or underpayment in taxes, they are entitled to
          make special tax adjustments which might result in the increase of the variable interest entities’ tax liabilities. If
          the tax authorities conduct special tax adjustments, they might impose interest charges for the underpaid taxes.
          Our financial position could be adversely affected if the consolidated variable interest entities’ tax liabilities
          increase or if they are required to pay interest charge.




84   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment
Law.
On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC Foreign Investment Law, which has
become effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced the outgoing laws regulating foreign investment in China,
namely, the PRC Equity Joint Venture Law, the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly Foreign-owned
Enterprise Law, as well their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. See “Information on the Company —
Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation on Foreign Investment.”


Meanwhile, the Implementation Rules to the Foreign Investment Law came into effect as of January 1, 2020,
which clarified and elaborated the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law. However, uncertainties
still exist in relation to interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law, especially in regard
to, including, among other things, the nature of variable interest entities contractual arrangements and specific
rules regulating the organization form of foreign-invested enterprises within the five-year transition period. While
Foreign Investment Law does not define contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment explicitly,
it has a catch-all provision under definition of “foreign investment” that includes investments made by foreign
investors in the PRC through other means as provided by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council,
we cannot assure you that future laws and regulations will not provide for contractual arrangements as a form of
foreign investment. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our control over the consolidated variable interest
entities through contractual arrangements will not be deemed as foreign investment in the future. In the event
that any possible implementing regulations of the Foreign Investment Law, any other future laws, administrative
regulations or provisions deem contractual arrangements as a way of foreign investment, or if any of our
operations through contractual arrangements is classified in the “restricted” or “prohibited” industry in the future
“negative list” under the Foreign Investment Law, our contractual arrangements may be deemed as invalid and
illegal, and we may be required to unwind the variable interest entity contractual arrangements and/or dispose of
any affected business. Also, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be
taken with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we
can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, under the Foreign Investment Law, foreign
investors or the foreign investment enterprise should be imposed legal liabilities for failing to report investment
information in accordance with the requirements. In addition, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign
invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their
structure and corporate governance within a five-year transition period, which means that we may be required to
adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC subsidiaries in such transition period. Failure
to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges
could materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, corporate governance, financial condition and
business operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        85
     Part I (Continued)




          Risks Related to Doing Business in China
          Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
          material and adverse effect on our business and operations.
          Substantially all of our operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of
          operations and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions
          in China generally and by continued economic growth in China as a whole.


          While the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, there can be no
          assurance that the growth would be maintained or equitable across sectors. The Chinese government has
          implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of
          these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may not have the same effect on us.


          In addition, the global macroeconomic environment is facing challenges. For example, health epidemics have
          caused significant downward pressure for the global economy. Furthermore, geopolitical tension and conflicts,
          energy crisis, inflation risk, interest rate increases, instability in the financial system, and the tightening of
          monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve impose new challenges and uncertainties on the global economy. It
          is unclear whether these challenges and uncertainties will be contained or resolved, and what effects they may
          have on the global political and economic conditions in the long term.


          Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us.
          We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
          the Chinese mainland. Our operations in the Chinese mainland are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our
          PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the Chinese mainland.
          The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior
          court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. The PRC legal system is evolving
          rapidly, and the interpretation and enforcement of many laws, regulations and rules may involves uncertainties.


          From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights.
          Any administrative and court proceedings may be time-consuming, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
          of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities may have significant
          discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the
          outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties
          may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect
          our business and results of operations.


          PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business and it has recently indicated
          an intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in
          China-based issuers. Any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
          to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.




86   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business
practices and incur increased costs.
We are subject to numerous PRC laws and regulations that regulate retailers generally or govern online retailers
specifically, such as the Consumer Protection Law. If these regulations were to change or if we, suppliers or
third-party merchants on our marketplace were to violate them, the costs of certain products or services could
increase, or we could be subject to fines or penalties or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand
for the products or services offered on our mobile apps and websites and hurt our business and results of
operations. For example, the amended Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014,
further strengthens the protection of consumers and imposes more stringent requirements and obligations
on business operators, especially on businesses that operate on the internet. Pursuant to the Consumer
Protection Law, except for certain types of products, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods,
consumers are generally entitled to return goods purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any
reasons if they purchased the goods over the internet. Consumers whose interests have been damaged due to
their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online marketplace platforms may claim damages from
merchants or service providers. Where the operators of an online marketplace platform are unable to provide
the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the merchants or service providers, the consumers may
also claim damages from the operators of the online marketplace platforms. Operators of online marketplace
platforms that know or should have known that merchants or service providers use their platforms to infringe
upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take necessary measures must bear joint and
several liability with the merchants or service providers. Moreover, if business operators deceive consumers or
knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not only compensate consumers for their losses,
but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of the goods or services. Legal requirements are
frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance
with these requirements or their effect on our operations. We may be required to make significant expenditures
or modify our business practices to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, which may increase our
costs and materially limit our ability to operate our business.


We may be adversely affected by the complexity and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related
business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.
The PRC government extensively regulates the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the
licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the internet industry. These internet-related
laws and regulations are evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As
a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed
to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and challenges relating to PRC government
regulation of the internet industry include, but are not limited to, the following:


We only have control over our websites through contractual arrangements. We do not own the websites
in the Chinese mainland due to the restriction of foreign investment in businesses providing value-added
telecommunication services in the Chinese mainland, including internet information provision services. This
may significantly disrupt our business, subject us to sanctions, compromise enforceability of related contractual
arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        87
     Part I (Continued)




          The evolving PRC regulatory system for the internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory
          agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the
          Cyberspace Administration of China (with the involvement of the State Council Information Office, the MIIT, and
          the Ministry of Public Security). The primary role of this agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative
          development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online
          content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the internet industry.


          New laws and regulations may be promulgated that will regulate internet activities, including online retail and
          internet information service. If these new laws and regulations are promulgated, additional licenses may be
          required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations at the time they become
          effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could be subject
          to penalties. For example, on February 25, 2023, the SAMR released the Administrative Measures for Internet
          Advertising, which came into effect on May 1, 2023 and replaced Interim Measures for the Administration of
          Internet Advertising. The Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising further strengthen the responsibilities
          of Internet platform operators and enhance their review obligation in Internet advertising activities. see “Item
          4.B. Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations relating to Advertising
          Business.” Any failure to comply with the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising may result in
          administrative liabilities, including warnings, public denouncement, fines, enforcement orders requiring us to
          correct, suspension of business or even criminal liabilities, all of which may materially and adversely affect our
          business and results of operations.


          The Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in and Operation of Value-added
          Telecommunications Business, issued by the MIIT in July 2006, prohibits domestic telecommunication
          service providers from leasing, transferring or selling telecommunications business operating licenses to any
          foreign investor in any form, or providing any resources, sites or facilities to any foreign investor for their
          illegal operation of a telecommunications business in China. According to this circular, either the holder of a
          value-added telecommunication services operation permit or its shareholders must directly own the domain
          names and trademarks used by such license holders in their provision of value-added telecommunication
          services. The circular also requires each license holder to have the necessary facilities, including servers, for
          its approved business operations and to maintain such facilities in the regions covered by its license. If an ICP
          license holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a
          specified period of time, the MIIT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures
          against such license holder, including revoking its ICP license. Currently, Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated
          variable interest entities, holds an ICP license and operates our www.jd.com website. Jingdong 360 owns the
          domain names and registered trademarks and has the necessary personnel to operate such website.


          On February 7, 2021, the Anti-monopoly Commission of the State Council officially promulgated the Guidelines
          to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Internet Platforms. Pursuant to an official interpretation from the Anti-monopoly
          Commission of the State Council, these guidelines mainly cover five aspects, including general provisions,
          monopoly agreements, abuse of market dominance, concentration of undertakings, and abuse of administrative
          powers that eliminate or restrict competition. These guidelines prohibit certain monopolistic acts of internet
          platforms to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users and undertakings participating in
          internet platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms with dominant position from
          abusing their market dominance. Notably, the guidelines provide that any concentration of undertakings involving

88   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




variable interest entities fall within the scope of anti-monopoly review. If a concentration of undertakings meets
the criteria for declaration as stipulated by the State Council, an operator must report such concentration of
undertakings to the Anti-Monopoly Law of PRC (the “Anti-Monopoly Law”) enforcement agency under the State
Council in advance. Therefore, acquisitions of other entities that we have made before or may make in the future
(whether by ourselves, our subsidiaries or through the consolidated variable interest entities) and that meet the
criteria for declaration, may be required to be reported to and approved by the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement
agency, and we may be subject to penalty including a fine of no more than RMB500,000 if we fail to comply
with such requirement, and in extreme case may be ordered to terminate the contemplated concentration,
to dispose of our equity or asset within a prescribed period, to transfer the business within a prescribed time
or to take any other necessary measures to return to the pre-concentration status. In March 2021, SAMR
imposed on us a fine of RMB500,000 for failing to file a prior notification of concentrations of undertaking for
a prior acquisition we did. In addition, SAMR has conducted a survey of prior acquisitions by internet platforms
that may involve failure to file prior notifications of concentrations of undertaking. We were subsequently
imposed for fines for a few additional instances, each with similar amount on such basis since 2021. We
cooperated with SAMR on this front and kept written and oral correspondence with SAMR. In April 2021, the
SAMR, together with certain other PRC government authorities convened an administrative guidance meeting,
focusing on certain unfair competition acts, self-inspection and rectification by major internet companies of
possible violations of anti-monopoly, anti-unfair competition, tax and other related laws and regulations, and
requesting such companies to comply with laws and regulations strictly and be subject to public supervision.
In addition, many internet companies, including the over 30 companies which attended such administrative
guidance meeting, are required to conduct a comprehensive self-inspection and make necessary rectification
accordingly. If the companies are found to conduct illegal activities, more severe penalties are expected to
be imposed on them in accordance with the laws. As of the date of this annual report, we have completed
such self-inspection and have not received any further inquiry from the governmental authorities. We may
receive more similar inquires going forward and cannot assure you that our business operations comply with
the regulations and authorities’ requirements in all respects. If any non-compliance is raised by the authorities
and determined against us, we may be subject to fines and other penalties. On June 24, 2022, the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress issued the amended Anti-Monopoly Law, which came into effect
on August 1, 2022. The amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law increases the fines on business operators for illegal
concentration to “no more than ten percent of the preceding year’s sales revenue of the business operators if
the concentration of business operators has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine
of up to RMB5 million if the concentration of business operators does not have an effect of excluding or limiting
competition.” The newly amended Anti-Monopoly Law also specifies that the government authority may require
the operators to make a declaration where there is evidence that the concentration has or may have the effect
of eliminating or restricting competition, even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold. Due
to the enhanced enforcement of the Anti-Monopoly Law, we may receive greater scrutiny and attention from
regulators and more frequent and rigid investigation or review by regulators, which will increase our compliance
costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges. In addition, there are significant uncertainties on the
evolving legislative activities and varied local implementation practices of antimonopoly and competition laws
and regulations in China, especially with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly amended
Anti-Monopoly Law. We may have to spend much more personnel cost and time evaluating and managing




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        89
     Part I (Continued)




          these risks and challenges in connection with our products and services as well as our investments in our
          ordinary business course to avoid any failure to comply with these regulations. Any failure or perceived failure
          by us to comply with the guidelines and other Anti-Monopoly Laws and regulations may result in governmental
          investigations or enforcement actions, litigations or claims against us and could have an adverse effect on our
          business, financial condition and results of operations.


          The Interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws,
          regulations or policies relating to the internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the
          legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, internet businesses in
          China, including our business. We cannot assure you that we have obtained all the permits or licenses required
          for conducting our business in China or will be able to maintain our existing licenses or obtain new ones.


          The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material
          adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
          We conduct our business primarily in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations.
          The PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business, and may intervene or
          influence our operations, which could result in a material adverse change in our operation and/or the value of
          our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert
          more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-
          based issuers. For example, on July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on
          Strictly Scrutinizing Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the
          need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
          by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of
          regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. On
          December 28, 2021, the NDRC, the MIIT, and several other administrations jointly published the Cybersecurity
          Review Measures, effective on February 15, 2022, which required that, among others, operators of “critical
          information infrastructure” purchasing network products and services or network platform operators carrying
          out data processing activities, that affect or may affect national security, shall apply with the Cybersecurity
          Review Office for a cybersecurity review. In addition, a network platform operator holding over one million
          users’ personal information shall apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before
          any public offering at a foreign stock exchange. On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the discussion draft
          of the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security for public comments, which stipulates, among others,
          that a prior cybersecurity review is required for listing abroad of data processors which process over one million
          users’ personal information, and the listing of data processors in Hong Kong which affects or may affect
          national security. It remains uncertain how PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in general
          and whether we are required to obtain any specific regulatory approvals from the CSRC, CAC or any other
          PRC governmental authorities for our offshore offerings. If the CSRC, CAC or other regulatory agencies later
          promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals for our future offshore offerings,
          we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded
          even if obtained. Any such circumstance could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to
          offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In
          addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations directly targeting our operations could cause the value


90   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors of our company and our business face potential
uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting our business.


Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by PRC
regulations may subject us to penalties.
Companies operating in the Chinese mainland are required to participate in various government sponsored
employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment
obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses
and allowances, of our employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time
to time at locations where we operate our businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not
been implemented consistently by the local governments in the Chinese mainland given the different levels of
economic development in different locations. The government authorities may examine whether an employer
has made adequate payments of the requisite employee benefit payments, and employers who fail to make
adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees, fines and/or other penalties. Although almost all of
our PRC operating entities incorporated in various locations in the Chinese mainland have made the required
employee benefit payments, we cannot assure you that we are able to make adequate contribution in a timely
manner at all time. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid employee benefits, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


We may be required to register some operating offices as branch offices under PRC law.
Under PRC law, a company setting up premises for business operations outside its residence address must
register them as branch offices with the local market regulation bureau at the place where the premises are
located and obtain business licenses for them as branch offices. As of December 31, 2023, our comprehensive
fulfillment facilities cover almost all the counties and districts across China. We may be required to register those
operating offices outside of the residence addresses of our relevant PRC entities as branch offices under PRC
law. As of the date of this annual report, we were able to register branch offices in all of the important locations
where we had meaningful presence. Furthermore, we may expand our fulfillment network in the future to
additional locations in China, and we may not be able to register branch offices in a timely manner due to complex
procedural requirements and relocation of branch offices from time to time. If the PRC regulatory authorities
determine that we are in violation of the applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties,
including fines, confiscation of income and suspension of operation. If we become subject to these penalties, our
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.


Regulation and censorship of information disseminated over the internet in China may adversely affect
our business, and we may be liable for content that is displayed on our websites.
China has enacted laws and regulations governing internet access and the distribution of products, services,
news, information, audio-video programs and other content through the internet. In the past, the PRC
government has prohibited the distribution of information through the internet that it deems to be in violation
of PRC laws and regulations. In November 2016, China promulgated the Cyber Security Law, which came
into effect on June 1, 2017, to protect cyberspace security and order. Cyber Security Law tightens control of
cyber security and sets forth various security protection obligations for network operators. If any of our internet
information were deemed by the PRC government to violate any content restrictions, we would not be able


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         91
     Part I (Continued)




          to continue to display such content and could become subject to penalties, including confiscation of income,
          fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect
          our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to potential liability for
          any unlawful actions of our customers or users of our websites or for content we distribute that is deemed
          inappropriate. It may be difficult to determine the type of content that may result in liability to us, and if we are
          found to be liable, we may be prevented from operating our websites in China.


          Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and
          the value of your investment.
          The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People’s Bank
          of China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value
          of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China’s political and economic
          conditions and by China’s foreign exchange policies, among other things. The RMB may fluctuate significantly in
          value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
          policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


          Any significant appreciation or depreciation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our revenues, earnings
          and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
          For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into RMB to pay our operating
          expenses, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
          would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar may
          significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in turn could adversely affect the price of
          our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


          We adopt a risk-neutral strategy to manage foreign exchange risks. For each entity with foreign exchange
          exposure, currency position or accounts balance are reallocated to achieve natural hedging. While we may enter
          into hedging transactions, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and we may not be
          able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified
          by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As a result,
          fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment.


          It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation or collect evidence within China.
          Shareholder claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to
          pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other
          obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside China.
          Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities
          regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
          such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in
          the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the
          PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed
          to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While




92   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law have yet to be
promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence
collection activities within China may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.


Governmental regulation of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively
and affect the value of your investment.
The PRC government imposes regulations on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in
certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the Chinese mainland. We receive substantially all of our
revenues in RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our company in the Cayman Islands may rely on
dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. Under
existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions
and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior
approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore, our wholly foreign-owned
subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval
from SAFE, subject to the condition that the remittance of such dividends outside of the PRC complies with
certain procedures under PRC foreign exchange regulation, such as the overseas investment registrations by our
shareholders or the ultimate shareholders of our corporate shareholders who are PRC residents. But approval
from or registration with appropriate government authorities or delegated banks is required where RMB is to
be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the Chinese mainland to pay capital expenses such
as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. Although currently there are not equivalent or
similar requirements in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities (including currency
conversion), if certain requirements in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers
in and out of Hong Kong entities (including currency conversion) in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong
entities, likewise, may not be available to meet our currency demand. If the foreign exchange control system
prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not
be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs. As a result,
the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not
be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to these requirements on
currency conversion.


PRC regulations establish comprehensive procedures and requirements for some acquisitions of Chinese
companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through
acquisitions in China.
PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For
example, the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors require that
the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor
takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction
involves factors that have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead
to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds famous trademarks or PRC time-honored brands.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       93
     Part I (Continued)




          In addition, the security review rules issued by the Ministry of Commerce that became effective in September
          2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security”
          concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over
          domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of
          Commerce, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring
          the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. These laws and regulations are continually
          evolving as newly enacted Foreign Investment Law took effect. On December 19, 2020, the Measures for
          the Security Review for Foreign Investment was jointly issued by the NDRC and Ministry of Commerce and
          took effect from January 18, 2021. The Measures for the Security Review for Foreign Investment specified
          provisions concerning the security review mechanism on foreign investment, including the types of investments
          subject to review, review scopes and procedures, among others. As these measures are recently promulgated,
          official guidance has not been issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet. At this
          stage, the interpretation of those measures remains unclear in many aspects such as what would constitute
          “important information technology and internet services and products” and whether these measures may apply
          to foreign investment that is implemented or completed before the enactment of these new measures. In the
          future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
          of the above-mentioned regulations and other applicable rules to complete such transactions could be time
          consuming, and any required approval processes may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions.
          It is unclear whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises “national defense and
          security” or “national security” concerns. However, the Ministry of Commerce, NDRC or other government
          agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in an industry subject to
          the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into
          contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to
          expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be
          materially and adversely affected.


          PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents
          may subject our PRC resident beneficial owners or our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
          liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into these subsidiaries, limit these subsidiaries’
          ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us.
          The Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-Raising and Round-Trip
          Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies, or SAFE
          Circular 75, requires PRC residents to register with the relevant local branch of SAFE before establishing or
          controlling any company outside of China, referred to as an offshore special purpose company, for the purpose
          of raising funds from overseas to acquire or exchange the assets of, or acquiring equity interests in, PRC entities
          held by such PRC residents and to update such registration in the event of any significant changes with respect
          to that offshore company. SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange




94   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Control on Domestic Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special
Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014, which replaced SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires
PRC residents to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect
control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents’
legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in
SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.” The term “control” under SAFE Circular 37 is broadly defined
as the operation rights, beneficiary rights or decision-making rights acquired by the PRC residents in the offshore
special purpose vehicles or PRC companies by such means as acquisition, trust, proxy, voting rights, repurchase,
convertible bonds or other arrangements. SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the
event of any changes with respect to the basic information of the special purpose vehicle, such as changes in
a PRC resident individual shareholder, name or operation period; or any significant changes with respect to the
special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer
or exchange, merger, division or other material event. If the shareholders of the offshore holding company who
are PRC residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be
prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation
to the offshore company, and the offshore company may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional
capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration and amendment requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. In
February 2015, SAFE issued the Circular on Further Simplifying and Improving the Policies Concerning Foreign
Exchange Control on Direct Investment, which took effect on June 1, 2015. This circular has delegated to the
qualified banks the authority to register all PRC residents’ investment in “special purpose vehicle” pursuant to
SAFE Circular 37, except that those PRC residents who have failed to comply with SAFE Circular 37 will remain
to fall into the jurisdiction of the local SAFE branch and must make their supplementary registration application
with the local SAFE branch.


We have requested PRC residents who we know hold direct or indirect interest in our company to make the
necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under SAFE Circular 37 and other related rules.
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our founder and beneficial owner, has completed required registrations with SAFE in
relation to our financing and restructuring and will make amendments when needed and required in accordance
with SAFE Circular 37. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents holding
direct or indirect interest in our company, and we cannot provide any assurance that these PRC residents will
comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements under
SAFE Circular 37 or other related rules. The failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders to comply with
the registration procedures set forth in these regulations may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict
our cross-border investment activities, limit the ability of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
distribute dividends and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we
may also be prohibited from injecting additional capital into these subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with
the various foreign exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law
for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions. As a result, our business operations and our ability to
distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        95
     Part I (Continued)




          Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock
          incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative
          sanctions.
          Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals
          Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012,
          employees, directors, supervisors and other senior management participating in any stock incentive plan of
          an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in China for a
          continuous period of not less than one year, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE
          through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and
          complete certain other procedures. We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC
          citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted
          restricted shares, restricted share units or options are subject to these regulations. Failure to complete the SAFE
          registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional
          capital into our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China and limit these subsidiaries’ ability to distribute
          dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive
          plans for our directors and employees under PRC law.


          Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local
          governments. Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on
          our results of operations.
          In the past, local governments in China granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC
          subsidiaries or consolidated variable interest entities as part of their efforts to encourage the development
          of local businesses. We received approximately RMB2,482 million, RMB2,773 million and RMB2,557 million
          (US$360 million) financial incentives from local governments relating to our business operations in 2021, 2022
          and 2023, respectively. The timing, amount and criteria of government financial incentives are determined within
          the sole discretion of the local government authorities and cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually
          receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have the ability to influence local governments in making
          these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or eliminate incentives at any time. We cannot assure
          you of the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by our PRC subsidiaries or
          consolidated variable interest entities. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would have an adverse effect
          on our results of operations.


          If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could
          result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.
          Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
          of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will
          be subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules
          define the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and
          overall management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In
          April 2009, the State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain
          specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that
          is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled
          by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria
96   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position on how the “de facto
management body” text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises.
According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise
group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China
and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its global income only if all of the following conditions are
met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to
the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or
personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and
board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board
members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland is a PRC resident
enterprise for PRC tax purposes. See “Additional Information — Taxation — People’s Republic of China
Taxation.” However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax
authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management
body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese
mainland is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes, they would be subject to a 25%
enterprise income tax on their global income. If these entities derive income other than dividends from their
wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, a 25% enterprise income tax on their global income may
increase our tax burden. If JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland is classified
as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to it from its wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland
may be regarded as tax-exempted income if such dividends are deemed to be “dividends between qualified
PRC resident enterprises” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules. However,
we cannot assure you that such dividends will not be subject to PRC withholding tax, as the PRC tax authorities,
which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound
remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC income tax purposes.


In addition, if JD.com, Inc. is classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and unless a tax
treaty or similar arrangement provides otherwise, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax
from dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our
ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a
10% PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if
such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, gains derived by our non-PRC individual
shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear
whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax
on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a PRC
resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to such dividends, it would generally apply at a rate of 20%
unless a reduced rate is available under an applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC
shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax
residence and the PRC in the event that JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        97
     Part I (Continued)




          Under the Arrangement Between the PRC and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance
          of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, the dividend
          withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5%, if a Hong Kong resident enterprise is considered a non-PRC
          tax resident enterprise and holds at least 25% of the equity interests in the PRC enterprise distributing the
          dividends. However, if the Hong Kong resident enterprise is not considered to be the beneficial owner of such
          dividends under applicable PRC tax regulations, such dividends may remain subject to withholding tax at a rate
          of 10%. In October 2009, the State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known as Circular 601, which
          provides guidance on determining whether an enterprise is a “beneficial owner” under China’s tax treaties
          and tax arrangements. Circular 601 provides that, in order to be a beneficial owner, an entity generally must
          be engaged in substantive business activities, and that a company that is set up for the purpose of avoiding
          or reducing taxes or transferring or accumulating profits will not be regarded as a beneficial owner and will
          not qualify for treaty benefits such as preferential dividend withholding tax rates. In February 2018, the State
          Taxation Administration issued a new circular, the Circular 9, to replace Circular 601, which came into effect
          on April 1, 2018. Circular 9 provides a more flexible framework in determining whether an applicant engages
          in substantive business activities. In addition, in the event that an enterprise does not satisfy the criteria for
          “beneficial owner,” but the person who holds 100% ownership interests in the enterprise directly or indirectly
          satisfies the criteria for “beneficial owner” and the circumstances fall under Circular 9, the enterprise will be
          deemed as a “beneficial owner.” If our Hong Kong subsidiaries are, in the light of Circular 9, considered to be
          a non-beneficial owner for purposes of the tax arrangement mentioned above, any dividends paid to them by
          our wholly foreign-owned PRC subsidiaries would not qualify for the preferential dividend withholding tax rate of
          5%, but rather would be subject to a rate of 10%.


          We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by
          their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
          authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.
          The State Taxation Administration has issued several rules and notices to tighten the scrutiny over acquisition
          transactions in recent years, including the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax
          for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued in December 2009, the Notice on Several Issues
          Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises promulgated issued in March 2011, and the Notice
          on Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters on Indirect Transfer of Properties by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
          issued in February 2015, or STA Circular 7. Pursuant to these rules and notices, if a non-PRC resident enterprise
          indirectly transfers PRC taxable properties, referring to properties of an establishment or a place in the PRC,
          real estate properties in the PRC or equity investments in a PRC tax resident enterprise, by disposing of equity
          interest in an overseas holding company, such indirect transfer should be deemed as a direct transfer of PRC
          taxable properties and gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to the PRC withholding tax at
          a rate of up to 10%. STA Circular 7 sets out several factors to be taken into consideration by tax authorities in
          determining whether an indirect transfer has a reasonable commercial purpose. An indirect transfer satisfying
          all the following criteria will be deemed to lack reasonable commercial purpose and be taxable under PRC
          law: (i) 75% or more of the equity value of the intermediary enterprise being transferred is derived directly or
          indirectly from the PRC taxable properties; (ii) at any time during the one-year period before the indirect transfer,
          90% or more of the asset value of the intermediary enterprise (excluding cash) is comprised directly or indirectly
          of investments in the PRC, or 90% or more of its income is derived directly or indirectly from the PRC; (iii) the
          functions performed and risks assumed by the intermediary enterprise and any of its subsidiaries that directly
98   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




or indirectly hold the PRC taxable properties are limited and are insufficient to prove their economic substance;
and (iv) the foreign tax payable on the gain derived from the indirect transfer of the PRC taxable properties is
lower than the potential PRC income tax on the direct transfer of such assets. Nevertheless, the indirect transfer
falling into the safe harbor available under STA Circular 7 may not be subject to PRC tax and the scope of the
safe harbor includes qualified group restructuring as specifically set out in STA Circular 7, public market trading
and tax treaty exemptions.


In October 2017, the State Taxation Administration released the Public Notice Regarding Issues Concerning
the Withholding of Non-resident Enterprise Income Tax at Source, or STA Public Notice 37, effective
from December 2017. STA Public Notice 37 replaced a series of important circulars, including Notice on
Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises,
and revised the rules governing the administration of withholding tax on China-source income derived by a
nonresident enterprise. STA Public Notice 37 provides for certain key changes to the previous withholding
regime. For example, the withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on
the date on which the payment is actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the
dividends.


Under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, the entities or individuals obligated to pay the transfer price
to the transferor are the withholding agents and must withhold the PRC income tax from the transfer price if
the indirect transfer is subject to the PRC enterprise income tax. If the withholding agent fails to do so, the
transferor should report to and pay the tax to the PRC tax authorities. In the event that neither the withholding
agent nor the transferor fulfills their obligations under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, according to the
applicable law, apart from imposing penalties such as late payment interest on the transferor, the tax authority
may also hold the withholding agent liable and impose a penalty of 50% to 300% of the unpaid tax on the
withholding agent. The penalty imposed on the withholding agent may be reduced or waived if the withholding
agent has submitted the relevant materials in connection with the indirect transfer to the PRC tax authorities in
accordance with STA Circular 7.


However, as there is a lack of clear statutory interpretation, we face uncertainties on the reporting and
consequences on future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving
the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, or sale or purchase
of shares in other non-PRC resident companies or other taxable assets by us. Our company and other
non-resident enterprises in our group may be subject to filing obligations or being taxed if our company
and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferors in such transactions, and may be subject to
withholding obligations if our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferees in such
transactions. For the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises,
our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing under the rules and notices. As a result, we may
be required to expend valuable resources to comply with these rules and notices or to request the transferors
from whom we purchase taxable assets to comply, or to establish that our company and other non-resident
enterprises in our group should not be taxed under these rules and notices, which may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that the tax authorities will not
apply the rules and notices to our offshore restructuring transactions where non-PRC residents were involved


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        99
      Part I (Continued)




           if any of such transactions were determined by the tax authorities to lack reasonable commercial purpose. As
           a result, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being taxed under these rules and notices
           and may be required to comply with or to establish that we should not be taxed under such rules and notices,
           which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or such non-PRC
           resident investors’ investments in us. We have conducted acquisition transactions in the past and may conduct
           additional acquisition transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that the PRC tax authorities will not, at
           their discretion, adjust any capital gains and impose tax return filing obligations on us or require us to provide
           assistance for the investigation of PRC tax authorities with respect thereto. Heightened scrutiny over acquisition
           transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in
           the future.


           Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
           The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be
           volatile, which could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
           The trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be
           volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
           For example, the highest and lowest closing prices of our ADSs on Nasdaq in 2023 were US$66.10 and
           US$24.38, respectively. Likewise, the highest and lowest closing prices of our Class A ordinary shares on the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2023 were HK$251.4 and HK$93.90, respectively. In addition, the performance
           and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that
           have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may affect the volatility in the prices of
           and trading volumes for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The securities of some of these companies
           have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings, including, in some cases, substantial
           price declines in the trading prices of their securities. The trading performances of other Chinese companies’
           securities after their offerings, including internet and e-commerce companies, may affect the attitudes of
           investors toward Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States, which consequently may
           impact the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating
           performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions about inadequate corporate governance practices
           or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or matters of other Chinese companies may also negatively affect
           the attitudes of investors towards Chinese companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have
           conducted any inappropriate activities. Furthermore, securities markets may from time to time experience
           significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to our operating performance, such as the large
           decline in share prices in the United States in early 2020, which may have a material and adverse effect on the
           trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


           In addition to the above factors, the price and trading volume of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be
           highly volatile due to multiple factors, including the following:


           •    regulatory developments affecting us or our industry, customers, suppliers or third-party merchants;


           •    announcements of studies and reports relating to the quality of our product and service offerings or those of
                our competitors;


100   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




•   changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other online retail or e-commerce companies;


•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and changes or revisions of our
    expected results;


•   changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•   conditions in the online retail market;


•   announcements by us or our competitors of new product and service offerings, acquisitions, strategic
    relationships, joint ventures, capital raisings or capital commitments;


•   additions to or departures of our senior management;


•   political or market instability or disruptions, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
    Hong Kong or other jurisdictions;


•   fluctuations of exchange rates among RMB, the Hong Kong dollar and the U.S. dollar;


•   release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   sales or perceived potential sales of additional Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   any actual or alleged illegal acts of our senior management or other key employees;


•   any share repurchase program; and


•   proceedings instituted by the SEC against PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
    registered public accounting firm.

We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
We completed our public offering in Hong Kong in June 2020 and the trading of our Class A ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on June 18, 2020 under the stock code “9618.” As a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are
not subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 19C.11, including, among
others, rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions, share option schemes, content of financial
statements as well as certain other continuing obligations. In addition, in connection with the listing of our
Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have applied for and been granted a number of
waivers and/or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the SFO. As a result, our practices as
to those matters differ from other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those
exemptions or waivers.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023     101
      Part I (Continued)




           Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our Class A ordinary
           shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer
           enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing
           Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the
           SFO, which could result in us having to amend our corporate structure and articles of association and our
           incurring of incremental compliance costs.


           We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share
           repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the
           volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves.
           On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, under which we
           may repurchase up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through
           March 17, 2022. On December 29, 2021, our board of directors approved modifications to the share
           repurchase program adopted in March 2020, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has increased
           from US$2.0 billion to US$3.0 billion and has been extended until March 17, 2024. In March 2024, our board of
           directors adopted a new share repurchase program that became effective on March 18, 2024, pursuant to which
           we may repurchase up to US$3.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through
           March 2027. Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be
           suspended or terminated at any time.


           If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
           about our business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume
           could decline.
           The trading market for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will depend in part on the research and reports
           that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and
           maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our Class A
           ordinary shares and/or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
           price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
           coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial
           markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price of or trading volume for our Class A ordinary shares and/or
           ADSs to decline.


           You may need to rely on price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on
           your investment due to our dividend policy.
           Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
           memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual
           general meeting of our company held on June 21, 2023, and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law.
           In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the
           amount recommended by our board of directors. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay
           dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our




102   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions,
if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors
deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on your investment in our Class A ordinary
shares and/or ADSs will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or even
maintain the price at which you purchased the Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return
on your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in
our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the
public market could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline.
Sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market, or the perception that these sales could
occur, could cause the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline. Such sales also
might make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price
that we deem appropriate. If any existing shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the prevailing market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs could be
adversely affected.


Holders of our ADSs may have fewer rights than holders of our ordinary shares and must act through the
depositary to exercise those rights.
Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights of our shareholders and may only exercise the voting rights with
respect to the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs in accordance with the provisions of
the deposit agreement. Pursuant to the third amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of
association of our company, or our current memorandum of association and articles of association, adopted on
June 21, 2023, the minimum notice period required to convene a general meeting is 14 days, for as long as our
Class A shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. When a general meeting is convened, holders
of ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit withdrawal of the underlying
Class A ordinary shares represented by their ADSs to allow them to cast their votes with respect to any specific
matter. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of
ADSs or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the
depositary to extend voting rights to holders of ADSs in a timely manner, but we cannot assure that holders of
ADSs will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary to vote their ADSs.
Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions
to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, holders of
ADSs may not be able to exercise their right to vote and may lack recourse if the underlying ordinary shares
represented by their ADSs are not voted as they requested. In addition, holders of ADSs will not be able to call a
shareholders’ meeting.


Except in limited circumstances, the depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the
Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these ADSs do not vote at shareholders’ meetings,
which could adversely affect the interests of the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        103
      Part I (Continued)




           Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, if you do not vote, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy
           to vote the Class A ordinary shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings unless:


           •    we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


           •    we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
                meeting;


           •    a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or


           •    the voting at the meeting is to be made on a show of hands.

           The effect of this discretionary proxy is that holders of ADSs cannot prevent our underlying Class A ordinary
           shares represented by their ADSs from being voted, except under the circumstances described above. This may
           make it more difficult for shareholders to influence the management of our company. Holders of our ordinary
           shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


           The right of our ADS holders to participate in any future rights offerings may be limited, which may
           cause dilution to holdings of our ADS holders.
           We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
           However, we cannot make rights available to holders of our ADSs in the United States unless we register
           both the rights and the securities to which the rights relate under the Securities Act or an exemption from
           the registration requirements is available. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not make rights
           available to ADS holders unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders
           are either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We are
           under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or securities or to endeavor
           to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective and we may not be able to establish a necessary
           exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Accordingly, our ADS holders may be unable to participate
           in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in their holdings.


           Holders of our ADSs may not receive cash dividends if the depositary decides it is impractical to make
           them available to them.
           The depositary will pay cash dividends on the ADSs only to the extent that we decide to distribute dividends
           on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities. To the extent that there is a distribution, the
           depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay to holders of our ADSs the cash dividends or other distributions it or
           the custodian receives on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and
           expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of Class A ordinary shares
           their ADSs represent. However, the depositary may, at its discretion, decide that it is inequitable or impractical
           to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, the depositary may determine that it is
           not practicable to distribute certain property through the mail, or that the value of certain distributions may be
           less than the cost of mailing them. In these cases, the depositary may decide not to distribute such property to
           holders of our ADSs.



104   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Holders of our ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books
at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In
addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books
or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so
because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.
We are an exempted company with limited liability registered by way of continuation under the laws of the
Cayman Islands. We primarily conduct our operations in the Chinese mainland and substantially all of our assets
are located in the Chinese mainland. In addition, our directors and executive officers, and some of our experts
reside within the Chinese mainland, and most of the assets of these persons are located within the Chinese
mainland. As cross-border service of process is typically cumbersome and time-consuming, it may be difficult
or impossible for you to effect service of process within the United States or Hong Kong upon us or these
persons, or to bring an action against us or against these persons in the United States or Hong Kong in the event
that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws, Hong Kong laws
or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and
of the PRC may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and
officers.


There is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the Hong Kong courts or
federal or state courts of the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the
reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments). A judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be
recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination
of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (a) is given by a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction, (b) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has
been given, (c) is final and conclusive, (d) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, (e) is not inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, and (f) is not impeachable on the grounds of
fraud and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a
judgment obtained from the U.S. or Hong Kong courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
law or Hong Kong law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to
obligations to make payments that are penal or punitive in nature. Because such a determination has not yet
been made by a court of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such civil liability judgments from U.S. or
Hong Kong courts would be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement
proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.


The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law.
PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil
Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         105
      Part I (Continued)




           principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of reciprocity
           with the United States that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In
           addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against
           us or our director and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws or
           national sovereignty, security or public interest. As a result, enforcement of a judgment rendered by a foreign
           court is subject to the judgment of PRC courts considering the foregoing factors.


           Since we are a Cayman Islands exempted company, the rights of our shareholders may be more limited
           than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States or Hong Kong.
           Under the laws of some jurisdictions in the United States, majority and controlling shareholders generally have
           certain fiduciary responsibilities to the minority shareholders. Shareholder action must be taken in good faith, and
           actions by controlling shareholders which are obviously unreasonable may be declared null and void. Cayman
           Islands law protecting the interests of minority shareholders may not be as protective in all circumstances as
           the law protecting minority shareholders in some U.S. jurisdictions. In addition, the circumstances in which a
           shareholder of a Cayman Islands company may sue the company derivatively, and the procedures and defenses
           that may be available to the company, may result in the rights of shareholders of a Cayman Islands company
           being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States.


           Furthermore, our directors have the power to take certain actions without shareholder approval which would
           require shareholder approval under Hong Kong law or the laws of most U.S. jurisdictions. Subject to provisions
           of the memorandum and articles of association, the directors of a Cayman Islands company, without shareholder
           approval, may implement a sale of any assets, property, part of the business, or securities of the company. Our
           ability to create and issue new classes or series of shares without shareholders’ approval could have the effect
           of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control without any further action by our shareholders, including
           a tender offer to purchase our ordinary shares at a premium over then current market prices.


           Furthermore, our articles of association are specific to us and include certain provisions that may be different
           from common practices in Hong Kong, such as the absence of requirements that the appointment, removal and
           remuneration of auditors must be approved by a majority of our shareholders.


           Our current memorandum and articles of association contains anti-takeover provisions that could
           discourage a third party from acquiring us and adversely affect the rights of holders of our Class A
           ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
           Our current memorandum and articles of association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of
           others to acquire control of our company, including a dual-class voting structure that gives disproportionate
           voting power to the Class B ordinary shares held by Max Smart Limited, a company beneficially owned through
           a trust wholly-owned by our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and of which he is the sole director, and
           those held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited of which Mr. Liu is the sole shareholder and sole director. As of
           March 31, 2024, Mr. Liu beneficially owned 70.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
           3.8% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
           Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds the shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the
           plan participants according to our awards under our share incentive plans, and administers the awards and acts


106   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




according to our instruction. In addition, our current memorandum and articles of association also contains a
provision that grants authority to our board of directors to establish and issue from time to time one or more
series of preferred shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series
of preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series. These provisions could have the effect of depriving
our shareholders of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price by
discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transactions.


We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such we
are exempt from certain provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.
Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain provisions
of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic issuers,
including:


•   the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or
    current reports on Form 8-K;


•   the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect
    of a security registered under the Exchange Act;


•   the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership and trading
    activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; and


•   the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material nonpublic information under Regulation FD.

We are required to file an annual report within four months of the end of each fiscal year. In addition, we intend
to publish our results on a quarterly basis as press releases, distributed pursuant to the rules and regulations
of Nasdaq. We will also furnish press releases relating to financial results and material events to the SEC on
Form 6-K. However, the information we are required to file with or furnish to the SEC will be less extensive and
less timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may
not be afforded the same protections or information that would be made available to you were you investing in a
U.S. domestic issuer.


As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are permitted to adopt certain home country practices in
relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance
listing standards; these practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they would enjoy if we
complied fully with Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards.
As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to Nasdaq corporate governance
listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate
governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which
is our home country, may differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. For example,




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        107
      Part I (Continued)




           neither the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands nor our current memorandum and articles
           of association requires a majority of our directors to be independent and we could include non-independent
           directors as members of our compensation committee and nominating committee, and our independent
           directors would not necessarily hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
           present. If we choose to follow certain home country practice in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
           less protection than they otherwise would under Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards applicable to
           U.S. domestic issuers.


           We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company for United States federal income tax
           purposes, which could subject United States investors in the ADSs or ordinary shares to significant
           adverse tax consequences.
           A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for United States federal
           income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year consists
           of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally determined on the
           basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.


           Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being owned by
           us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and we are
           entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits, and, as a result, we consolidate their results of operations
           in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned by us for United States federal income
           tax purposes. If it were determined, however, that we are not the owner of the consolidated variable interest
           entities for United States federal income tax purposes, we may be treated as a PFIC for our taxable year ended
           December 31, 2023 and in future taxable years.


           Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we do
           not believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2023, and we do not expect to be
           classified as a PFIC in the current taxable year or the foreseeable future. Because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
           determination, no assurance can be given that we will not be classified as a PFIC for that year. While we do not
           anticipate becoming a PFIC, changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market
           price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for future taxable years. In
           estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
           capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. Among other factors, if our market capitalization subsequently
           declines, we may be or become classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. Under circumstances
           where revenues from activities that produce passive income significantly increase relative to our revenues from
           activities that produce non-passive income or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for
           working capital or other purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


           If we were to be or become a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder (as defined in “Additional
           Information — Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations”) holds our ADSs or ordinary
           shares, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to such U.S. Holder. See “Additional
           Information — Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.”




108   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S. may negatively affect the
trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
As a dual-listed company, we are subject to Hong Kong and Nasdaq listing and regulatory requirements
concurrently. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Nasdaq have different trading hours, trading characteristics
(including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels
of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs and
our Class A ordinary shares may not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the
price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely
affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact
specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
notwithstanding that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or
to the same extent, or vice versa.


Exchange between our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity and/or
trading price of each other.
Our ADSs are currently traded on Nasdaq. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms of
the deposit agreement, holders of our Class A ordinary shares may deposit Class A ordinary shares with the
depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also withdraw the underlying
Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement for trading on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are deposited
with the depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the liquidity and trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on Nasdaq may be adversely affected.


The time required for the exchange between Class A ordinary shares and ADSs might be longer than
expected and investors might not be able to settle or effect any sale of their securities during this period,
and the exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs involves costs.
There is no direct trading or settlement between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on which our
ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition, the time differences between
Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other factors may delay the deposit of
Class A ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs.
Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In
addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be
completed in accordance with the timelines investors may anticipate.


Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for
the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of Class A ordinary shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash
dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share
distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a result, shareholders who
exchange Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic return the
shareholders may anticipate.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        109
      Part I (Continued)




           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses.
           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses. On December
           8, 2020, we completed the spin-off and listing of JD Health, a consolidated subsidiary of our company, on the
           Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On May 28, 2021, we completed the spin-off and listing of
           JD Logistics, a consolidated subsidiary of our company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
           On March 30, 2023, each of JD Property and JD Industrials, through their respective joint sponsors, submitted
           a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission
           to deal in, their respective shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance
           as to whether or when any of the proposed listings may take place. We may continue to explore the ongoing
           financing requirements for our various other businesses and may consider a spin-off listing for one or more of
           those businesses. We cannot assure you that any spin-off will ultimately be consummated, any such spin-off
           will be subject to market conditions at the time and approval by the listing committee of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange or other equivalent regulatory agencies. In the event that we proceed with a spin-off, our interest
           in the entity to be spun-off (and its corresponding contribution to the financial results of our company) will be
           reduced accordingly.


           An active trading market for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not
           develop or be sustained and trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly.
           Since the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have consistently been
           an actively-traded company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active
           trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The trading price
           or liquidity for our ADSs on Nasdaq might not be indicative of those of our Class A ordinary shares on the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and adversely affected.


           In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-exchange
           trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese investors to trade
           eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home
           exchange. Stock Connect currently covers over 2,000 equity securities trading in the Hong Kong, Shanghai and
           Shenzhen markets. Stock Connect allows mainland Chinese investors to trade directly in eligible equity securities
           listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound Trading; without Stock Connect, mainland
           Chinese investors would not otherwise have a direct and established means of engaging in Southbound
           Trading. In October 2019, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges separately announced their amended
           implementation rules in connection with Southbound Trading to include shares of companies of a dual-class
           voting structure to be traded through Stock Connect. However, since these rules are relatively new, there
           remains uncertainty as to the implementation details, especially with respect to shares of those companies with
           a secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It is unclear whether and when the Class A ordinary
           shares of our company, which has a dual-class voting structure with a secondary listing in Hong Kong, will be
           eligible to be traded through Stock Connect, if at all. The ineligibility or any delay of our Class A ordinary shares
           for trading through Stock Connect will affect mainland Chinese investors’ ability to trade our Class A ordinary
           shares and therefore may limit the liquidity of the trading of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange.


110   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our
     ADSs.
     In connection with our initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares in Hong Kong, we have established a
     branch register of members in Hong Kong, which we refer to as our Hong Kong share register. Our Class A
     ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those that were issued in our
     initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares in Hong Kong and those that may be converted from ADSs, are
     registered on our Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange will be subject to the Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate conversion between ADSs and
     ordinary shares and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we also moved a portion of
     our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our Hong
     Kong share register.


     Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
     defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
     stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at 0.13% (rounded up to the nearest dollar) on the value of the
     transaction, on both the buyer and the seller.


     To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
     conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
     maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong
     share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of
     ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
     ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors
     on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or
     conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or
     ADSs may be affected.


Information on the Company
A.   History and Development of the Company
     Our Corporate History
     Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, launched an online retail website in January 2004. He subsequently
     formed a company in Beijing and another company in Shanghai and conducted his online retail business
     through these two companies. In April 2007, we established a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Beijing Jingdong
     Century Trade Co., Ltd., or Jingdong Century, and we acquired certain intellectual property rights from the two
     companies Mr. Liu had established earlier, which ceased business operations and were later liquidated and
     dissolved.


     In November 2006, we incorporated Star Wave Investments Holdings Limited under the laws of the British
     Virgin Islands as our offshore holding company in order to facilitate international financing. We later changed
     the name of this entity to 360buy Jingdong Inc. In January 2014, 360buy Jingdong Inc. was redomiciled in the
     Cayman Islands as an exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and was renamed
     JD.com, Inc.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        111
      Part I (Continued)




           We have established subsidiaries inside and outside of China and assisted in establishing PRC consolidated
           variable interest entities to conduct our business operations.


           The significant subsidiaries that conduct business operations in China include, among others, the following:


           •    Jingdong Century, established in April 2007, and certain of its subsidiaries in China, which primarily engage
                in retail business;


           •    Shanghai Shengdayuan Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Shanghai Shengdayuan, which was established
                in April 2011 and primarily operates our online marketplace business; and


           •    Xi’an Jingxundi Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd., or Xi’an Jingxundi, which was established in May 2017
                and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics services.

           The significant consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries that conduct our business operations
           in China include, among others, the following:


           •    Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as an internet information
                provider and operates our www.jd.com website;


           •    Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which was established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of
                selling books, audio and video products;


           •    Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, which was established in June 2017 and primarily provides technology and
                consulting services relating to logistics services;


           •    Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which was established in August 2015 and primarily engages in the business
                of investment management; and


           •    Suqian Juhe, which was established in June 2020 and primarily provides enterprise management services.

           We also conduct certain of our business operations through other consolidated variable interest entities and their
           subsidiaries, including Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd., or Suqian Jingdong Tianning,
           which was established in June 2019 and primarily provides pharmacy sales and healthcare services in connection
           with JD Health’s operations.


           On May 22, 2014, our ADSs commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbol “JD.”


           Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under
           the stock code “9618.” Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 7, 2023 under the
           stock code “89618.”




112   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




Our Strategic Cooperations
Strategic Cooperation with Tencent
On March 10, 2014, we acquired certain e-commerce businesses and assets from, and entered into a strategic
cooperation agreement and formed a strategic partnership with Tencent, a leading internet company serving
the largest online community in China. Tencent offers a wide variety of internet services in China, including
social communications, online games and digital content and payment. Under the strategic partnership, Tencent
offers us prominent access points in its mobile apps Weixin and Mobile QQ and provide us with traffic and
other support from other key platforms, which has helped us generate mobile user traffic from Tencent’s large
mobile user base and enhance our customers’ mobile shopping experience. The two parties agree to cooperate
in a number of areas including mobile-related products, social networking services, membership systems
and payment solutions. The strategic cooperation agreement applies within the territory of China. Under
the strategic cooperation agreement, we are Tencent’s preferred partner for all physical goods e-commerce
businesses, and Tencent agrees not to engage in any retail or managed marketplace business model in physical
goods e-commerce businesses in China and a few selected international markets for a period of eight years,
other than through its controlled affiliate, Shanghai Icson E-Commerce Development Company Limited.


On May 10, 2019, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for a period of three years
starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to offer us prominent Level I and Level II access points on its
Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and the two companies continued to cooperate in a number of areas
including communications, advertising and membership services, among others. Such traffic support, advertising
spending and other cooperation amounted to over US$800 million, which was paid or spent over the next three
years. We agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a total consideration of
approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain predetermined dates during the subsequent
three-year period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in
May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively. The issuance of Class A ordinary shares of US$250 million
formed part of the total amount of US$800 million that was paid or spent for the traffic support, advertising and
other cooperation from Tencent under the strategic cooperation agreement.


On March 25, 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of
our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders. Following the distribution, Tencent’s shareholding in us
was below 5% pursuant to a 13G amendment file by Tencent Holdings Limited and Huang River Investment
Limited with the SEC on March 30, 2022 and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our shares in the
distribution have become our shareholders. We and Tencent continue to maintain our mutually beneficial
business relationship, including our ongoing strategic partnership agreement. On June 29, 2022, we renewed
the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for another period of three years. Tencent continues to offer
us prominent Level I and Level II access points on its Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and we also
continue to cooperate in a number of areas including communications, technology services, marketing and
advertising, and membership services, among others. The value of such cooperation is to be paid or spent in
cash and in the form of our shares combined over the next three years. As a part of the total consideration, we
agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of up to US$220
million by reference to prevailing market prices at certain predetermined dates during the three-year period,




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        113
      Part I (Continued)




           of which 2,164,326 and 3,761,270 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in July 2022 and May 2023,
           respectively. The two parties are leveraging this mutually beneficial partnership to provide better and more
           convenient shopping experience for users.


           Strategic Cooperation with Walmart
           In June 2016, we entered into a series of agreements with Walmart Inc., or Walmart, in relation to our strategic
           alliance, pursuant to which Walmart subscribed for 144,952,250 of our newly issued Class A ordinary shares. As
           of March 31, 2024, Walmart held Class A ordinary shares representing approximately 9.4% of our total issued
           and outstanding shares. As part of our strategic alliance with Walmart, we acquired ownership of the Yihaodian
           marketplace platform assets, including the Yihaodian brand, mobile apps and websites. We have collaborated
           with Walmart on e-commerce, including launching Sam’s Club Flagship Store and Walmart Flagship Store on
           www.jd.com website, as well as Sam’s Club Global Flagship Store, Walmart Global Flagship Store, ASDA
           Flagship Store and several category global stores to sell specific category products (for example Walmart Beauty
           and Personal Care Global Store) on JD Worldwide and a one-hour delivery service from Walmart Stores and
           Sam’s Clubs in select cities through the JD Daojia app. As part of the strategic alliance, we also entered into an
           eight-year non-compete arrangement with Walmart, subject to certain conditions and exceptions.


           Developments of Our Subsidiaries
           JD Logistics
           JD Logistics is a leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider, and its
           shares are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Logistics has been operating as
           an internal logistics department of us since 2007 and as a stand-alone business segment since April 2017.
           JD Logistics offers a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and high-quality logistics services enabled by
           technology, ranging from warehousing to distribution, spanning across manufacturing to end-customers,
           covering regular and specialized items. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the
           Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics raised from the
           global offering in connection with the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB22.9 billion in net proceeds after
           deducting underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Logistics remains our
           consolidated subsidiary after its listing.

           In August 2020, JD Logistics acquired a controlling interest in Kuayue-Express a renowned modern integrated
           express transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express service” in China, for a total consideration
           of approximately RMB3 billion through a combination of acquiring existing shares and subscribing for newly
           issued shares of Kuayue Express.

           In March 2022, JD Logistics entered into a series of agreements in relation to the proposed acquisition of
           Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd (“Deppon”). Pursuant to the transaction agreements, JD Logistics would acquire
           approximately 99.99% of the equity interest in Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment Holding
           Company Limited, or Deppon Holdco, which in turn holds a total of approximately 66.50% of the issued share
           capital of Deppon, for a total consideration of approximately RMB9.0 billion. On July 26, 2022, JD Logistics
           completed the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon Holdco, being the first tranche of the
           staggered acquisition arrangement. As a result, Deppon Holdco (including Deppon and its subsidiaries) has


114   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




become a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its financial results, except for that of certain excluded business, have
been consolidated into JD Logistics’s consolidated financial statements.

On April 1, 2022, JD Logistics raised approximately HK$3,102 million net proceeds from a group of third-party
investors by issuing to them 150,500,000 of its ordinary shares. On May 26, 2022, we subscribed for
261,400,000 ordinary shares of JD Logistics, for a total purchase price of approximately US$692 million in cash,
upon which we maintained our shareholding in JD Logistics at more than 63% and continued to consolidate JD
Logistics’s financial results into our financial statements.

JD Health
JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China, the shares of which are listed on the Main
Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Health is also pioneering the digitalization and transformation of the
healthcare industry. Over the past few years, JD Health is building a comprehensive “internet + healthcare”
ecosystem, providing pharmaceutical and healthcare products and internet healthcare services to the customers.
On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the stock code “6618.” JD Health raised from the global offering in connection with the listing
in Hong Kong approximately RMB25.7 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions, share
issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Health remains our consolidated subsidiary after its listing.

JD Property
In 2018, we established JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and integrated service platform for
developing and managing modern infrastructure to support JD Logistics and third parties.


In March 2021, JD Property completed the series A preference share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse
Investment and Warburg Pincus, among others. The total amount raised was US$703 million. In March 2022
and June 2022, JD Property conducted its series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse
Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount
raised in this round was approximately US$800 million. We remain to be the majority shareholder of JD Property
after the two rounds of financings. On March 30, 2023, JD Property, through its joint sponsors, submitted a
listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to
deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or
when the proposed listing may take place.


On January 28, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition of CNLP, upon which JD Property had
accumulatively acquired approximately 37.02% of the issued share capital of CNLP. On March 1, 2022,
immediately following the resignation of certain members of the board of directors of CNLP, it was deemed that
JD Property had gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property. On
July 14, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition and privatization of CNLP, and CNLP became a wholly-
owned subsidiary of JD Property. The listing of CNLP was subsequently withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on July 15, 2022. CNLP is principally engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related
management services in the PRC.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        115
      Part I (Continued)




           JD Industrials
           In August 2020, January 2021 and March 2023, JD Industrials, our subsidiary which is the leading industrials
           supply chain technology and service provider in China, completed series A, series A-1 and series B preference
           share financing (“JD Industrials Series A, A-1 and B Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party investors.
           The total amount of financing arising from JD Industrials Series A, A-1 and B Preference Shares was
           approximately US$545 million. Upon completion of these financings, we hold approximately 78% of the
           issued and outstanding shares of JD Industrials. On March 30, 2023, JD Industrials, through its joint sponsors,
           submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and
           permission to deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as
           to whether or when the proposed listing may take place.


           Dada
           Dada is a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading local on-demand retail and delivery platform in China. It operates
           JD Daojia (JDDJ), one of China’s largest local on-demand retail platforms for retailers and brand owners, and
           Dada Now, a leading local on-demand delivery platform open to merchants and individual senders across various
           industries and product categories.


           In April 2016, we completed the transaction with Dada, pursuant to which our online-to-offline business,
           JD Daojia, became a subsidiary of Dada and we contributed certain resources and US$200 million in cash in
           exchange for newly issued equity interest in Dada. In December 2017, we exercised our warrant to acquire
           additional preferred shares of Dada. In August 2018, in conjunction of Dada’s Series F round financing with
           Walmart, we further invested US$180 million to acquire the newly issued preferred shares of Dada. We have
           formed an extensive cooperation relationship with Dada, as its local on-demand delivery and retail capabilities
           support our innovative projects and omni-channel strategy, together bringing consumers the most convenient
           and advanced shopping experience. In June 2020, the ADSs of Dada commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global
           Select Market under the symbol “DADA.”

           On March 22, 2021, we entered into a share subscription agreement through a subsidiary with Dada, and further
           entered into an amendment to share subscription agreement on February 25, 2022, At closing that occurred on
           February 28, 2022, Dada issued to us 109,215,017 ordinary shares, for a total consideration of (i) an aggregate
           purchase price of US$546 million in cash, and (ii) our signing and delivery of a business cooperation agreement
           to Dada, pursuant to which we provide certain strategic resources to Dada. Immediately following the closing,
           we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and began to consolidate the financial
           results of Dada into ours. As of December 31, 2023, we owned approximately 53% issued and outstanding
           shares of Dada.

           Our Major Investments
           JD Technology
           Since 2017, JD Technology has made remarkable progress in the field of digital technology and is now a
           leading technology service provider in China, enabling corporates and organizations across industries to achieve
           digitalization and intelligentization and fueling their growth through accessible financial solutions. In June 2020,
           we entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which we have, through a consolidated PRC
           domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by converting our

116   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




profit sharing right pursuant to the framework agreement between us and JD Technology and investing
additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. The framework agreement, including the profit-sharing
arrangement between JD Technology and us, was terminated, and JD Technology has become our equity
method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered
into a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth the rights of JD as a shareholder. Pursuant
to these agreements, we continue to enjoy substantially all the rights that we had under the framework
agreement; provided that certain rights such as the right to liquidity event payment had been terminated upon
our conversion of the profit sharing right into equity interest in JD Technology. Pursuant to these agreements,
certain of our rights under these agreements should be terminated immediately the day before JD Technology
submits its application for an initial public offering. These rights, however, will be restored in the event the initial
public offering application is rejected by the authorities or withdrawn by JD Technology.

In addition, on June 20, 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution to restructure
JD Technology as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. The shares held by
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership),
or Suqian Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten votes per share, while
Mr. Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party transaction with JD
Technology. As a result of this dual class voting structure, as of December 31, 2023, we held approximately
22.1% voting power, and Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan together held 52.4% of the
total voting power of JD Technology.

On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization
of our cloud computing and artificial intelligence business (“JD Cloud & AI”). Pursuant to the definitive
agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and additional RMB4 billion in cash, as consideration in exchange for
newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud & AI,
we also transferred some equipment and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees of JD
Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on March 31,
2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity interest in
JD Technology increased from 36.8% to 41.7%.

Yonghui
In August 2015, we entered into definitive agreements with Yonghui, pursuant to which we subscribed for
newly issued ordinary shares of Yonghui with a consideration of RMB4.23 billion. In May 2018, we made an
additional investment of RMB1.2 billion to acquire additional ordinary shares from the existing shareholders
of Yonghui. In 2020, we made further investment of RMB1.0 billion to acquire additional ordinary shares from
the existing shareholders of Yonghui. As of December 31, 2023, we held approximately 13% of Yonghui’s
issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, we have formed a strategic partnership with Yonghui to
strengthen supply chain management capability primarily through joint procurement, and will continue to explore
development opportunities in online-to-offline initiatives and other areas of potential strategic cooperation.

Wanda Commercial Properties
In January 2018, we, along with Tencent, entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Wanda
Commercial Properties, a leading developer, owner and operator of commercial properties in China, and its




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         117
      Part I (Continued)




           major shareholder, Dalian Wanda Group Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, we invested RMB5 billion to
           purchase the shares of Wanda Commercial Properties from its existing shareholders.

           ATRenew (formerly known as AiHuiShou)
           In June 2019, we completed an investment of approximately RMB3.38 billion in ATRenew, a leading pre-owned
           consumer electronics transactions and services platform in China. In connection with this investment, we
           merged our Paipai Secondhand business with and into ATRenew with certain exclusive traffic resources for the
           next five years, and additionally invested a certain amount of cash in exchange for additional preferred shares
           of ATRenew. In September and December 2020, we completed additional investments of RMB401 million in
           cash in ATRenew. In addition, we made an additional investment of RMB129 million in ATRenew in April 2021
           and RMB321 million to acquire its ADSs in connection with its initial public offering in June 2021. The ADSs of
           ATRenew commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange in June 2021. As of December 31, 2023, we
           owned approximately 34% issued and outstanding shares of ATRenew.

           Xingsheng
           In December 2020, we invested approximately US$700 million to purchase newly issued preferred shares
           of Xingsheng. Xingsheng is a leading community group buying e-commerce platform that serves community
           families with fresh foods and daily necessities.


      B.   Business Overview
           Overview
           We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. We generated total net revenues of
           RMB951.6 billion, RMB1,046.2 billion and RMB1,084.7 billion (US$152.8 billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023,
           respectively. We incurred net loss of RMB4.5 billion in 2021, and generated net income of RMB9.7 billion and
           RMB23.3 billion (US$3.3 billion) in 2022 and 2023, respectively.


           Overview of Our E-commerce Business
           We believe our scale and market leadership are built upon our competitive edge in customer experience and
           operational efficiency, as well as our commitment to strategically invest in technology and logistics infrastructure
           for the long term.


           Providing superior customer experience is our top priority. Our e-commerce business offers customers a wide
           selection of authentic products at competitive prices. We have built and operate our own nationwide fulfillment
           infrastructure that supports our e-commerce business. Our speedy, efficient and reliable fulfillment services
           ensure a high degree of customer satisfaction. We offer an enjoyable online shopping experience mainly through
           our content-rich, user-friendly and highly personalized mobile apps and website www.jd.com. We also provide
           comprehensive customer services and convenient payment options.


           We operate online retail and marketplace e-commerce businesses. In our online retail business, we purchase
           products from suppliers and sell them directly to our customers. We offer a wide range of product categories
           through our online retail business, including electronics products, home appliances and a large variety of other
           general merchandise categories. We have established strong relationships with our suppliers as our online
           retail business grows rapidly over time. As of December 31, 2023, we sourced products from over 50,000
           suppliers on our platform.

118   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to our success. Leveraging this nationwide fulfillment capability, we
deliver a majority of the orders to customers by ourselves. Since 2020, we have further improved our efficiency
in more cities, especially the less developed areas, as we continued to expand our same day and next day
delivery service in these areas. Our fulfillment services have been proven to be highly reliable in response to
customer needs, and we offer our customers and consumers a full spectrum of integrated supply chain solutions
and high-quality logistics services covering various industries, helping them reduce costs and enhance efficiency.


We launched our online marketplace in October 2010, and have since then been continually adding third-party
merchants and introducing new products and services, including premium international brands, to our
customers. Merchants on our online marketplace are held to high standards for transacting with our customers.
We aim to offer our customers a consistently high-quality online shopping experience regardless of whether
they purchase from us or third-party merchants. To this end, we require all third-party merchants to meet
our strict standards for product authenticity and service reliability, and closely monitor their performance and
activities on our online marketplace.


We provide a variety of digital marketing services to marketers on our e-commerce platform, including suppliers
to our online retail business, third-party merchants on our online marketplace and other partners. Powered by
AI technology, our digital marketing platform provides our marketing customers with comprehensive digital
branding and performance-based marketing solutions and various effective measurement tools, which help them
reach targeted audiences, attract and retain customers and improve their returns. Our digital marketing platform
also features marketing tools for online marketing message creation, targeting, bidding, deployment and budget
allocation, which enables marketers to manage their digital marketing strategy and spending in a convenient and
efficient manner.


We are exploring a variety of initiatives to meet our customers’ ever-growing demand. We believe we are
well-positioned to empower traditional offline retailers by capitalizing on our strong online presence, industry
know-how and technology and systems. We collaborate with Walmart on e-commerce by supporting Walmart
and Sam’s Club Flagship Stores on our platform and providing fulfillment solutions to them. Our majority-owned
subsidiary Dada, a leading local on-demand retail and delivery platform in China, cooperates with JD Logistics to
provide our customers with on-demand and last-mile delivery services of a wide selection of grocery and other
fresh products through JD Daojia. We are also exploring in the offline retail market through 7FRESH, our offline
fresh food market.


Our proprietary and scalable technology platform enhances user experience, improves operating efficiency and
supports the growth in our e-commerce business. Leveraging machine-learning technology and massive data
sets amassed from online purchase behaviors, we curate personalized product recommendations and push
targeted promotions. We utilize AI technology to refine our merchandise sourcing strategy, allowing us to
efficiently manage our inventory and control cost. With consumer insights generated from big data analytics, we
provide tailor-made products through customer-to-manufacturer production, which increase sales and enhance
customer satisfaction.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        119
      Part I (Continued)




           Overview of Our Supply Chain-based Technologies and Services
           We provide supply chain-based technology and services to other businesses. We take a holistic view on the
           supply chain covering from upstream manufacturing and procurement, logistics, distribution and retail to end
           customers.


           We have established strong relationships with numerous suppliers, brands and partners. We leverage these
           relationships and our retail technology capability to provide them with a variety of service solutions. Over the
           past decade, we have also built a highly scalable and reliable logistics infrastructure and technology platform
           for our retail business. We are opening up logistics infrastructure and technology platform to third parties with
           comprehensive logistic services and technology solutions.


           Technology is crucial to our achievements today and continued success in the future. It enables better customer
           experience, more customer cost savings and higher efficiency, while it also serves as a foundation to export our
           capabilities to enhance productivity and innovation across a multitude of industries in China.


           Logistics Services
           We made a strategic decision in 2007 to invest in and build our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. As of
           December 31, 2023, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties and districts across
           China, with a network of over 1,600 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of over 32 million square
           meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse Platform. In addition, we
           had a team of 425,469 warehouse and delivery personnel as of December 31, 2023. Our value proposition is to
           empower our customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
           enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. We help our customers reduce redundant distribution
           layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. Our solutions are
           powered by our proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing.


           Our Retail Technology Services and Other Technology Initiatives
           Capitalizing on our retail data, infrastructure and technology, we commercialize our retail capability into services
           we offer to brands and partners in the retail industry. Through such services, we believe we can create, together
           with our partners, a more advanced and comprehensive retail ecosystem to reach and serve more consumers,
           wherever and whenever they shop.


           We operate a technology service platform Kepler which provides comprehensive services for our partners
           to conduct online retail leveraging traffic on third-party channels. For example, we help brands set up mini
           programs on Tencent’s Weixin and provide one-stop services including mini-program creation, product selection
           and pricing, digital marketing, inventory management, fulfillment and customer services. Such services are
           especially valuable for brands with less sophisticated online retail experience who wish to boost sales through
           mobile internet channels. In addition, through predictive analytics utilizing AI and big data, we also offer services
           to traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to optimize the operation of their offline stores by recommending product
           selection based on local consumers’ preferences while managing stocks at optimum inventory level.




120   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




We have developed robust supply-chain based technology in three key areas, namely AI, big data analytics
and cloud computing. We have world-class scientists and a large team of AI engineers. Our technology
achievements have been well recognized globally. For example, we built a smart supply-chain platform that
includes application-level products supporting many use cases that are applicable to our business as well as our
ecosystem.


Core Philosophy
Putting customers first is always our core philosophy, as illustrated by the following:

                                                    Customer




                                        Cost        Efficiency    Experience




                                                   Technology




                                                      Team




•   Our team is the foundation of our company. We have built a strong and dedicated team and made
    significant efforts in hiring, training and retaining the best talent.


•   Technology is a key contributor to maintaining our competitive advantage. Upgrading core technologies
    can effectively reduce cost, improve operating efficiency, and deliver best-in-class customer experience.
    In order to achieve sustainable future growth, we have been heavily investing in technology innovation
    and will continue to do so. Our technology strategy focuses on three key areas, namely: AI, big data and
    cloud. By adopting a middle platform model, which means to establish an application architecture that
    organizes reusable business services to meet the needs of volatile user scenarios, and compartmentalizing
    the IT components and standard application programming interfaces in our IT architecture, we have greatly
    enhanced R&D efficiency and accelerated business innovation. More importantly, this has enabled us to
    offer more value-added technology services to our clients across a wide spectrum of industries.

•   To create value for our customers, partners and society, we make continual efforts to reduce cost, improve
    efficiency, and deliver better customer experiences:

    •    Our technology and data-driven management employ an array of key performance indicators to
         minimize costs and maximize efficiency in our operations;




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       121
      Part I (Continued)




                •    We continue to encourage innovation with our partners in order to offer customers a holistic shopping
                     experience through both online and offline channels, thereby increasing customer loyalty; and


                •    We have opened up our infrastructure, including logistics, systems and technologies, to our business
                     partners to develop more innovative solutions that could reduce cost and enhance efficiency for society
                     as a whole.

           As a result, we are able to offer a broad selection of products, services and solutions at competitive prices as
           well as excellent experiences. We strive to deliver a sustainable best-in-class customer experience that leads to
           more loyalty and commitment.

           Our Business
           Since founding our company, we have focused on developing our online retail business as well as building our
           own fulfillment infrastructure, including last mile delivery capability, all based on our proprietary technology
           platform to support our operations. As our online retail business grew substantially in size, we launched our
           online marketplace to complement it and expand our product offerings, leverage our established fulfillment
           infrastructure and technology platform and ensure a superior customer experience. More recently, we have
           also begun to offer comprehensive supply chain-based services that complement our core business and create
           significant value for a wide range of business partners.


           JD Retail
           Online Retail
           In our online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them directly to customers. We believe
           we have the largest online product review database of any online retail company in China with approximately
           12 billion product reviews generated by our customers as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we
           sourced products from over 50,000 suppliers. We believe that large scale and market leading position are critical
           to success in the online retail market in China and can provide important competitive advantages to us.


           Online Marketplace
           In our online marketplace business, third-party merchants offer products to customers on our online marketplace
           and pay us sales commissions. We launched our online marketplace in October 2010 and have been adding new
           products and services, including premium international brands, since then.


           We provide transaction processing and billing services on all orders placed on our online marketplace
           and require third-party merchants to meet our strict standards for authenticity and reliability. We monitor
           third-party merchants’ performance and activities on our online marketplace closely to ensure that they meet
           our requirements for authentic products and high-quality customer service. We tag certain top stores on our
           platform as “JD Haodian (京東好店),” based on each third-party merchant’s quality of service during the entire
           purchase process. Such certification can help the top third-party merchants improve their sales volumes on the
           platform. Furthermore, it sets a benchmark to encourage other third-party merchants to improve their quality of
           service. We aim to offer customers the same high-quality customer experience regardless of the source of the
           products they choose.




122   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Omni-channel Initiatives
We are exploring a variety of omni-channel integration opportunities and innovative business models. The term
“omni-channel” refers to a marketing approach that seeks to provide a consistent customer experience across
multiple channels including websites, apps and physical offline stores.


We believe we are well-positioned to provide omni-channel solutions to customers and offline retailers in select
locations in China by capitalizing on our strong online presence and leveraging our strategic partnership with
Dada, a leading local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China. Dada has partnered with a large number of
well-known chain retailers and many first-tier international and domestic FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods)
brands by leveraging Dada’s crowd-sourcing delivery network. Dada has been cooperating with JD Logistics
to provide fast on-demand delivery services for merchants and consumers. In 2021, we and Dada formed a
strategic partnership with ASUS, a global technology leader, launching more than 150 ASUS stores on JD Daojia
(JDDJ) and “Shop Now”, our on-demand consumer retail section. Leveraging this partnership, we will further
accelerate the digital transformation of physical stores to improve the offline shopping experience for computer
and digital products, including the extension of “one-hour delivery” service to all ASUS offline stores in China.


On February 28, 2022, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and began to
consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. Our investment in Dada facilitates both sides to promote
the expansion of on-demand delivery and retail, as well as omni-channel collaboration. This helped to further
diversify our retail services, enable business partners to improve their operating efficiency, and deliver better
services for our consumers.


In June 2016, we entered into a series of agreements in connection with our strategic alliance with Walmart.
We have collaborated with Walmart on e-commerce, including launching a Sam’s Club Flagship Store and
Walmart China Flagship Store on our www.jd.com website, Sam’s Club Global Flagship Store, Walmart Global
Flagship Store, and several category global stores to sell specific category products (for example Walmart
Beauty and Personal Care Global Store) on JD Worldwide, and a one-hour delivery service from Walmart
Stores and Sam’s Clubs in selected cities through the JD Daojia app. We have also experimented with other
omni-channel opportunities, aimed at offering shoppers across China faster and more convenient access to
high-quality products through multiple channels.


To provide customers with a more dynamic and interactive integrated omni-channel shopping experience, we
have enabled some of our offline partners with a variety of the latest technologies such as facial recognition,
product recognition, and a tracking system for customers’ in-store activities, among others. We have established
a closed loop to accumulate a large volume of offline shopping data, and through further analysis of the
integrated online and offline dataset, we can offer differentiated products that best suit potential customer
demand in each offline franchise store.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023      123
      Part I (Continued)




           7FRESH, our offline fresh food market brand, is part of our omni-channel strategy. In December 2017, we
           opened our first 7FRESH store in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing. We
           integrated our advanced supply chain management know-how and cutting-edge storage technologies to 7FRESH
           stores. The application of our advanced supply chain management solution and technology on 7FRESH is part
           of our ongoing experiments to deploy our retail and supply chain service capabilities, which is expected to
           empower our potential offline partners to further expand our 7FRESH presence to pursue an enhanced shopping
           experience for our consumers.


           In September 2021, we opened our first “JD MALL” offline store in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province, offering consumers
           an immersive omni-channel shopping experience. In addition to traditional electronic categories offered by
           JD Super Experience Store, JD MALL provides over 200,000 items from more than 200 brands, in categories
           including home, furniture, kids, smart healthcare products and auto accessories. Through its partnership with
           leading furniture makers, JD MALL meets the demand among younger consumers for bespoke one-stop-shop
           home design services that incorporate furniture and home appliances categories.


           Marketing Services
           Leveraging our AI capabilities and our comprehensive dataset accumulated from a wide range of business
           scenarios along the entire value chain, we provide a variety of marketing services to suppliers, third-party
           merchants and other business partners through our proprietary advertisement technology platform. In 2019,
           through our greatly expanded development and investment in advanced advertising and marketing technology,
           we launched the JD Marketing 360 Platform. This platform employs sophisticated AI and big data technologies
           to utilize our user behavior insights to provide brand marketers and third-party merchants with a one-stop
           brand building and sales growth solution. It integrates omni-channel marketing, rich marketing effectiveness
           measurements, and comprehensive consumer asset growth management to help our marketers to effectively
           acquire new users and increase shopping frequency from existing users. We provide native search ads and
           display ads on our main apps, and we also place display ads, search ads and affiliate ads on China’s mainstream
           high traffic apps and video apps. In 2019, we also invested in automated marketing technologies, launching
           comprehensive products automating all aspects of marketing, including automatic bidding, targeting, creative
           generation of ads, and budget allocation to satisfy a broad range of marketing scenarios. These products not
           only reduce our marketers’ labor in marketing campaigns, but also improve their return on investment.


           JD Logistics
           JD Logistics is the leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider in China.
           On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics offers a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and
           high-quality logistics services enabled by technology, ranging from warehousing to distribution, spanning across
           manufacturing to end-customers, covering regular and specialized items. JD Logistics’s value proposition is
           to empower customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
           enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. JD Logistics helps customers reduce redundant
           distribution layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. The solutions
           are powered by proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing. As of
           December 31, 2023, JD Logistics operated over 1,600 warehouses, which covered an aggregate gross floor
           area of over 32 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open
           Warehouse Platform.

124   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




JD Logistics harnesses the power of technology to enhance the operational efficiency of warehouse network.
A notable example is the Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks, which also demonstrate their industry-leading
technological innovations and high technology standards. As of December 31, 2023, JD Logistics operated
41 Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks in 30 cities across China. In addition, JD Logistics further expanded the
coverage of smart warehouse network, opening or upgrading Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks in cities such as
Qingdao, Kunshan, and Lanzhou in 2023.


JD Property
JD Property is a leading and the fastest-growing platform for developing and managing logistics parks, business
parks and other similar types of modern infrastructure, in China and other parts of Asia. JD Property aims to
develop its logistics asset portfolios while maintaining strong capital discipline. With the expansion of our asset
portfolios, we have adopted a capital recycling strategy. Collaborating with strategic capital partners, we set
up funds and investment vehicles and recycle capital by disposing the projects that are on our balance sheet
to such funds and investment vehicles. Meanwhile, we also externally source high-quality assets from third
parties for the funds and investment vehicles. We believe this strategy will help further expand our asset
portfolios, minimize our related future capital expenditures and enhance our returns. As of December 31, 2023,
JD Property manages properties with a total gross floor area of approximately 26 million square meters.


On March 1, 2022, JD Property was deemed to have gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became
a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property. On July 14, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition and
privatization of CNLP. As a result, CNLP has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of JD Property. See
“Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Developments of Our
Subsidiaries — JD Property” for details.


Technology Initiatives
In November 2020, we launched JD Retail Cloud, a technological ecosystem for the retail industry. JD Retail
Cloud offers integrated data, technology, business, and user management industry solutions to support the
digitization of enterprises and institutions. One solution provided by JD Retail Cloud is Shangling SaaS Mall, a
comprehensive SaaS-based operational solution for manufacturers and offline retailers. Shangling SaaS Mall
aims to help manufacturers and retailers to improve efficiency in omni-channel operation and marketing, as well
as digitalization of offline store operation.


JD-Y, our supply chain R&D unit that focuses on supply chain innovation, has launched an end-to-end
replenishment model (E2E model) that provides an automatic and scalable inventory management solution
and shortens the decision process in inventory management. Specifically, the model applies deep learning
technology to enable our company to achieve automatic merchandise replenishment based on historical
sales performance without the need for sales forecasts. We aim to build up and open our capabilities with
industry partners. JD-Y also launched Intelligent Supply Chain initiative, which aims to increase automation of
supply chain, improve logistics efficiency among industries, and promote environmentally friendly programs.
At the same time, JD-Y also opened up its capabilities to the public and worked together with merchants in
Consumer-To-Manufacturing (C2M) customization.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        125
      Part I (Continued)




           On the JD Logistics side, we have been strengthening our technological innovation and applications in various
           aspects of supply chain solutions and logistics services, including automation, digitalization and intelligentization.
           We apply technology to each key part of the supply chain, combining pre-planning, implementation, intelligent
           decision-making and post-operation management to deliver customer experience and overall efficiency.
           Equipped with these proprietary technologies, we have built a comprehensive smart logistics system capable of
           service automation, operation digitalization and intelligent decision-making. In January 2021, JD Logistics was
           selected by INFORMS as one of the seven finalists for the 50th annual Franz Edelman Award for Achievement
           in Advanced Analytics, Operations Research and Management Science, the world’s most prestigious award
           for achievements in the practice of analytics and operations research. Along with seven other world-leading
           enterprises including Amazon, JD.com, Inc. was recognized for its advanced research and self-developed
           “unmanned” warehouse scheduling system. JD.com, Inc. is among the few Chinese companies that have been
           selected as finalists in the history of the award.


           In December 2019, we formed our JD Cloud & AI platform. We have a large team consisting of research and
           development professionals primarily covering areas of AI, big data analytics and cloud computing. We strive
           to deliver best-in-class services to our customers and become the most trusted technology service provider
           in the industry. On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to
           the reorganization of JD Cloud & AI. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and
           certain assets together valued at approximately RMB15.7 billion to JD Technology, in exchange for newly issued
           ordinary shares of JD Technology. After completion of this transaction, we still hold a suite of cutting-edge
           technology and will continue to focus on our core competences and synergistic businesses to better serve
           customers.




126   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




JD Health
JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China. On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health
commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “6618.”
JD Health continued to earn trust and recognition among users with a solid growth in the number of average
daily consultations, which exceeded 450,000 in 2023. As a leading online healthcare platform, JD Health’s
mission is to become the go-to health management platform for everyone in China. Its strategic position is to
create a technology-driven platform that centers on the supply chain of pharmaceutical and healthcare products
and is strengthened by healthcare services, encompassing a user’s full life span for all healthcare needs. It
is committed to offering users easily accessible, convenient, high-quality yet affordable pharmaceutical and
healthcare products. To achieve this goal, JD Health has built a one-stop online health management platform
to create greater value for all participants in the healthcare value chain, and will continue to expand its core
businesses, retail pharmacy business and online healthcare services, through utilizing AI, big data, cloud
computing and other advanced technology.


JD Industrials
JD Industrials is the leading industrial supply chain technology and service provider in China. Through
transformational end-to-end industrial supply chain digitalization, it helps its customers increase supply chain
reliability, reduces costs, and enhances efficiency.


Customer Experience
Our operating principle is “trust-based, customer-centric value creation,” and we are committed to optimizing
the customer experience and achieving customer satisfaction. This commitment drives every aspect of
our operations, which are focused on six core components: extensive product offerings, compelling online
experience, superior customer service, competitive pricing, timely and accurate fulfillment, and convenient
payment options.


Products
We continually seek to add more products that appeal to our customers. We offer a wide range of product
categories including:


•    home appliances;


•    mobile handsets and other digital products;


•    computers, including desktop, laptop and other varieties, as well as printers and other office equipment;


•    furniture and household goods;


•    apparel;


•    cosmetics and other personal care items and pet products;




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        127
      Part I (Continued)




           •     women’s shoes, bags, watches, jewelry and luxury goods;


           •     men’s shoes, sports gear and fitness equipment;


           •     automobiles and accessories;


           •     real estate;


           •     maternal and childcare products, toys and musical instruments;


           •     food, beverage and fresh produce;


           •     gifts, flowers and plants;


           •     pharmaceutical and healthcare products, including OCT pharmaceutical products, nutritional supplements,
                 healthcare services and other healthcare equipment;


           •     books, e-books, music, movies and other media products;


           •     virtual goods, including online travel agency, attraction tickets, and prepaid phone cards and game cards;


           •     industrial products; and


           •     installation and maintenance services.


           Each of these categories is further divided into numerous subcategories to facilitate browsing. In building up
           our product offerings, we focus on quality as well as quantity. Due to our nationwide reach and our efficient
           fulfillment system, suppliers often choose us to launch new products that they expect will be in high demand,
           and we often act as the preferred distributor for a period of days or weeks when a hot new product first
           becomes available for sale to the public.


           Online Experience
           We believe that providing a compelling online experience is critical to attracting and retaining customers. We
           make sales primarily through our mobile apps and website www.jd.com. Our website not only offers a broad
           selection of authentic products at competitive prices but also provides easy site navigation, basic and advanced
           search functions, customized product recommendations, comprehensive product information and a large volume
           of customer reviews and ratings. These features address customers’ desire to view, understand and compare
           products before purchasing. We currently offer mobile access through our mobile website m.jd.com and our
           various iOS and Android mobile apps. As part of our strategic partnership with Tencent, we launched level 1
           access on Tencent’s Weixin and direct access on Tencent’s Mobile QQ, whereby Tencent users can easily
           access our product offerings and have an enjoyable mobile shopping experience. Over 90% of orders fulfilled
           were placed through our mobile apps in 2023.


128   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our mobile apps and www.jd.com website contain the following information and features:


Comprehensive product information to support prompt decision-making. Each product page contains pictures,
descriptions, and sometimes short videos of the product, the price, a pull-down menu to show whether the
product is in stock at the customer’s location, customer reviews and ratings, and whether the product will be
delivered by us or by one of our third-party merchants. When customers are browsing product pages, we display
product highlights, reliable services available for this product and the post-discount price on the front page so as
to support customers to make purchase decisions more efficiently.


Interactive user community to enhance customer engagement and loyalty. Our mobile apps and websites
contain a large volume of helpful user-generated and professionally-generated content. For each product,
customers can provide reviews and ratings that are featured prominently on the product page. We encourage
participation by granting loyalty points for posting reviews and ratings. We believe that we have the largest
online product review database of any online retail company in China, with approximately 12 billion product
reviews generated by our customers as of December 31, 2023, which benefits our customers, suppliers and
third-party merchants.


We also encourage third-party merchants to generate content and promote their products through livestreams
and short videos on our platform to better interact with our customers.


Targeted product recommendations to satisfy personalized demands. We have made progress in personalized
recommendations, leveraging our cutting-edge technologies to provide an individualized shopping experience
for each of our customers. We identify customers’ demands and make more accurate recommendations based
on comprehensive algorithms, which are derived from a large volume of data about customer behavior and
preferences.


Smart ordering process to further improve the shopping experience. We continue to leverage our technology to
optimize the ordering process, making the shopping experience more convenient and enjoyable. For example,
when customers review their shopping carts, not only do we display the special offers available at the time for
the products in the customers’ shopping carts, but also we combine the existing coupons in our customers’
accounts with special offers, and calculate the all-in benefits for customers to provide them maximum benefits.


Real-time order tracking and order information revision system to provide convenient shopping experience.
Customers can log into their accounts to check the status of their orders. Each package in our system is given
a unique identification number, and its location is updated each time it is handled by one of our warehouse or
delivery personnel or one of our third-party couriers. Each of our delivery personnel carries a mobile personal
digital assistant, which allows customers to track their location in real time on an online map. Furthermore, we
provide customers with the option to adjust their order information such as changing the shipping address or the
preferred delivery date or time slot.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        129
      Part I (Continued)




           Customer Service
           Providing satisfactory customer service is a high priority. Our commitment to customers is reflected in the high
           level of service provided by our customer service staff as well as in our flexible product return and exchange
           policies. We continue optimizing our customer service to guarantee the best possible shopping experience.


           In 2023, we further strengthened our brand image of offering hassle-free services to our customers. Combining
           unique service capabilities from our retail business and our third-party merchants, we provide our customers
           with customized services for different product categories. Our services cover the entire purchasing process
           and include over 60 types of services such as instant refunds, repair by exchange program, home-delivery of
           replacements, and extended price protection services for selected retail products, among other offerings. The
           service offering aims to facilitate consumers’ purchase decisions by providing trustworthy and guaranteed
           services. In 2023, we continued to invest in smart services and leveraged our advanced AI and deep learning
           technologies to more efficiently resolve the high volume of customer inquiries without sacrificing the customer
           experience. We also leveraged our cutting-edge technologies and smart systems to analyze a large volume of
           customer feedback and alerted third-party merchants in advance regarding potential customer service issues,
           helping third-party merchants to improve their service quality for our customers.


           24-7 customer service centers. We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Wuhan, Chengdu and
           Datong, handling all kinds of customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services. We obtained
           COPC (Customer Operation Performance Center) Certification in November 2014. Customers can make queries
           and file complaints via various channels such as phone calls, online written instant messengers, JD official
           accounts on Weixin and Weibo, and through email. As of December 31, 2023, we had over 16,000 customer
           service representatives at the Suqian, Wuhan, Chengdu and Datong centers.


           Returns and exchanges. We accept unconditional returns or exchanges within seven days of purchase. For
           selected categories in our retail business, we provide an extended 30 days return and 180 days replacement
           policy to our customers. Defective merchandise can be returned for exchange within 15 days of purchase. For
           customers with good credit, we provide an “instant refund” service, where we provide refunds as soon as they
           submit their return requests. If customers report defects more than 15 days after receipt but are still within
           the warranty period, we will have the defective goods repaired, replaced or take another appropriate action to
           compensate the customer, depending on the nature of the problem. We will generally pick up defective items
           for return or exchange at the customer’s address, provided that the return or exchange is requested within
           15 days of receipt of the item and the address is within the area that is serviced by our employees or by one of
           the third-party couriers that have agreed to provide this service for us. Alternatively, customers can also mail the
           merchandise to one of our regional after-sales centers or bring the product to a pickup station nearby. The same
           policies apply to products sold through our online marketplace.


           Membership program. We have established a membership program to cultivate customer loyalty and encourage
           our customers to make repeat purchases. We continued to promote “JD Plus”, a premium paid membership
           program. JD Plus offers benefits including extra rebates, coupons, exclusive prices on selected product
           offerings, free shipping and return services, VIP customer services, PLUS DAY promotion events, online medical




130   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




consultation and JD E-book unlimited access designed specifically for JD Plus members. JD Plus also partnered
with content and lifestyle service providers such as Tencent Video, iQiyi, Ctrip, among others, providing JD Plus
members with greater benefits. In addition to our JD Plus, we also have a customer value system, “Joy Score
(京享值)”, which takes into account various indicators, such as consumer behavior, interaction, credit ratings,
among others, to determine a comprehensive and dynamic score for each consumer. The customers with
different level of “Joy Score” can enjoy free loyalty programs. For instance, customer with “Joy Score” beyond
certain threshold could enjoy a rebate for the plus membership fee. We also provide a variety of free premium
services, such as local service, fast refund channel and VIP after-sale service, to enhance customer experience
and engagement. We believe JD Plus membership program and “Joy Score” value system can effectively
cultivate customer loyalty and enhance the shopping experience and consumer engagement.


Pricing
We offer competitive pricing to attract and retain customers.


Pricing policy. We are making continual efforts to set our prices to be competitive with those on other major
online retail websites and in physical stores in China. We typically negotiate with our suppliers for prices that
are comparable to or lower than those offered to retailers in other sales channels. If we reduce the price on our
website and mobile apps before or after the product is delivered to the customer, then the customer generally
has an opportunity to lock in the lower price. Currently, third-party merchants are free to set their own prices
on our online marketplace. We also continue to enrich our product offerings and service while maintaining
low prices.


Special promotions. We offer a selection of discounted products on special occasions, such as our anniversary
sales promotional event on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on November 11, as well as on
important holidays such as Christmas and Chinese New Year. We also hold daily promotions for selected
products for a limited period of time. Special promotions attract bargain hunters and give our customers an
additional incentive to visit our website and mobile apps regularly.


Delivery
We believe that timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to the continuing success of our business. To this
end, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenditures in building and operating our own
nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. The following are some of the advantages that derive from our nationwide
fulfillment infrastructure:


Delivery network and personnel. We deliver products directly to customers in almost all counties and districts
across China. We deliver a majority of orders directly to customers ourselves, and therefore our customers
interact with delivery personnel more often than with any other representatives of our company. For this reason,
we place great emphasis on training our delivery personnel and setting up delivery stations in more and more
counties and districts. We believe that our professionally trained delivery personnel are important in helping us
to shape customer experience and distinguish ourselves from our competitors.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        131
      Part I (Continued)




           Flexible delivery arrangements. We believe that timely and convenient delivery is an essential part of customer
           satisfaction, and we arrange our delivery schedule to suit our customers’ needs. Customers can choose their
           preferred delivery window during the day, including evening delivery in selected areas, when they place orders.
           Customers who need to reschedule a delivery can log into their account on our websites or mobile apps to look
           up the contact information for the delivery person and contact the delivery person directly themselves, provided
           that the delivery will be made by our employees.


           Comprehensive speedy delivery service. We introduced our 211 program in 2010. For goods that we have
           in stock at the corresponding regional fulfillment center or front distribution center, any orders received by
           the morning deadline (11:00 a.m. in most of the locations) will be delivered on the same day, and any orders
           received by the evening deadline (11:00 p.m.) will be delivered by 3:00 p.m. on the following day. Customers
           also can request that an order placed by 3:00 p.m. be delivered in the evening on the same day in selected
           cities. There is no extra charge for delivery under our 211 program for orders that satisfy the minimum size
           requirement, and customers can check the product page on our websites or through our mobile apps to see
           whether the product is in stock and thus eligible. The program does not cover delivery to addresses through
           third-party couriers or products shipped directly from our third-party merchants. Customers can request
           expedited delivery within two hours by paying an extra charge in the major cities where we have regional
           fulfillment centers. JD Logistics also provides scheduled delivery service in selected cities, allowing customers
           to choose a convenient delivery window within which to receive their goods. For luxury products, consumers
           in major cities can enjoy JD Luxury Express, a premium delivery service where a courier in suit, tie and white
           gloves will deliver to consumers’ doors. JD Logistics has launched a new premium logistics service with China
           Railway Corporation, leveraging domestic high-speed trains for secure, long-distance transportation of high-end
           goods and JD Luxury Express for the last-mile delivery. The combination has created a seamless network
           allowing customers to enjoy same-day delivery for high-end goods originating from non-local warehouses.


           Customer pickup. Customers who prefer to pick up their order themselves can select a pickup station when
           placing the order and use the tracking function to find out when the order has arrived there. We have pickup
           stations at convenient locations across the country and payment can be made on the spot.


           Continuous expansion of delivery service. We have established and are making continuous efforts to further
           expand our cold-chain and cross-border logistics capabilities, and in new business areas, to expand product
           offerings while ensuring superior customer experience.


           Merchandise Sourcing
           In our online retail business, we sourced products from over 50,000 suppliers as of December 31, 2023.
           Procuring products on such a massive scale requires considerable expertise, which we have built up over a
           number of years. None of our suppliers accounted for over 10% (by value) of the products we purchased in 2023.


           We continue to increase our direct purchases from manufacturers and, where appropriate, to become an
           authorized reseller. Our ability to establish direct relationships with manufacturers enables us to provide
           high-quality products and obtain better procurement terms and access to hard-to-get products. Direct




132   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




cooperation with manufacturers enables us to increase supply chain efficiency by minimizing supply chain costs
and to give customers peace of mind about product quality. In addition, we have created an interface where
our third-party merchants access reports regarding inventory status, purchase history and customer reviews
of their products. Suppliers and third-party merchants can use this information in their marketing and product
development efforts and also in managing their own inventory, which helps them manage costs and makes our
services more valuable to them.


We select suppliers and third-party merchants on the basis of brand, reliability, volume and price. They must
be able to meet our demands for timely supply of authentic products and also provide high quality after-sale
customer service. We perform background checks on our suppliers and third-party merchants and the products
they provide before we enter into any agreement. We examine their business licenses and the qualification
certificates for their products, and check their brand recognition and investigate the market acceptance of their
products among players in the same industry. We also conduct on-site visits to assess and verify their location,
business scale, production capacity, property and equipment, human resources, research and development
capability, quality control system and fulfillment capability. We normally enter into one-year framework
agreements with our suppliers and third-party merchants and renew them annually.


Our standard form contract requires suppliers and third-party merchants to represent that their goods are
authentic and from lawful sources and do not infringe upon lawful rights of third parties and to pay us liquidated
damages for any breach. We have also put stringent rules in place governing the operations of third-party
merchants on our online marketplace. Third-party merchants will be subject to penalties or be asked to end their
operations on our online marketplace if they violate the marketplace rules, for example by selling counterfeit
products. We have a strict zero-tolerance policy for counterfeit products.


Logistics Services
Fulfillment
We deliver a compelling customer experience by fulfilling orders quickly and accurately. To this end, we have
built our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure for the prompt receipt, storage and shipment of our products. Our
fulfillment infrastructure is primarily comprised of a nationwide warehouse and delivery network that we operate
ourselves, supplemented by third-party couriers to service areas that are not covered by our network. To further
enhance inventory accountability and security, we track our inventory at all stages of the receiving and order
fulfillment process.


Nationwide Fulfillment Infrastructure.
As of December 31, 2023, our warehouse network covered almost all counties and districts across China,
consisting of over 1,600 warehouses operated by us and over 2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party
warehouse owner-operators under our Open Warehouse Platform. As of December 31, 2023, our warehouse
network had an aggregate gross floor area of over 32 million square meters, including the gross floor area of
the cloud warehouses under our Open Warehouse Platform. We deliver a majority of the orders directly to
customers ourselves. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to deliver
our products to our customers during peak seasons to supplement our delivery force. Third-party merchants also
use third-party couriers if they do not use our delivery services.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        133
      Part I (Continued)




           Fulfillment Process
           The following flow chart outlines our fulfillment process:

                                                      Warehouse                        Delivery




               Place         Process           Pick           Pack
                                                                           Sorting        Delivery
                an             the             the             the
                                                                           Center         Station
               Order          Order           Order           Order                                       End
                                                                                                        Customer


                                                                                          Pickup
                                                                                          Station




           When a customer places an order, our delivery management system automatically processes the order and
           matches it to the warehouse or warehouses with the appropriate inventory. Picking is done on the basis
           of instructions that are generated automatically by our warehouse management system. The warehouse
           management system also automatically generates the bar codes and shipping labels that allow our staff to
           match the items to the correct order in the packing process. After picking, packing, and sorting, the order is
           shipped to a delivery or pickup station in the customer’s city for further handling and delivery. If a customer’s
           order contains products from different warehouses, the products will be combined at the last-mile delivery
           station and then sent to the customer in a single delivery. If the customer’s address is not one to which we
           make deliveries ourselves, we will have a third-party courier pick up the order at our sorting center to make
           the delivery. In some cases, we also use third-party couriers to transfer orders between a sorting center and a
           delivery station. Once the order has been shipped, our system automatically updates the inventory level for each
           product in the order, ensuring that additional inventory will be ordered as needed. Our customers can track the
           shipping status of their orders through our websites or mobile apps at each step in the process.

           We are in the process of constructing new warehouses on land where we have obtained land use rights. We
           believe that building our own warehouses will not only increase our storage capacity but will also allow us to
           restructure and reorganize our fulfillment workflow and processes.

           We also have a dedicated internal division, to explore research, development and application of smart logistics
           and unmanned technology, which we believe represent the future trend of the logistics industry. Through the
           development of a series of cutting-edge technologies such as intelligent hardware, internet of things, big data,
           robotics, image and vision recognition, machine learning, deep learning, and smart logistics devices, we intend
           to revolutionize the logistics industry. We are also experimenting with these technologies in a wide range of
           logistics business areas such as unmanned warehouses, drone delivery, self-driving vehicles, unmanned delivery
           stations and convenience stores, among others. We will continue to invest in smart logistics to improve the
           intelligence level of our logistics system and to provide consumers with an unparalleled shopping experience.

134   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




Open Platform of Our Logistics Services
We also open up our logistics infrastructure to our third-party merchants and partners beyond our e-commerce
business. We have developed comprehensive logistics services and continuously strengthen our logistics
service capability by adding new services such as on-demand delivery, cold-chain services and individual
parcel delivery solutions. We provide services relating to almost all aspects of logistics operation, including
warehousing management, storage, long-haul transportation, express and on-demand delivery and cold-chain
and cross-border services, among others. We offer integrated supply chain management solutions to customers
in various vertical markets. We also provide technology solutions for logistics operations to enable customers to
transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic workflows.


Technology Platform
Technology is the key to our future success. It enables better customer experience, higher efficiency and
customer cost savings, while also serving as a vehicle to export our unique capabilities and cutting-edge
innovation to benefit the whole industry and society.


We have a large team consisting of research and development professionals primarily covering areas of AI,
big data analytics and cloud computing. Together, these areas form our technology strategy. We strive to
deliver best-in-class services to our customers and become the most trusted technology service provider in the
industry, powered by our large and sophisticated IT infrastructures.


In addition to our core technology innovation, research and development, we also place a strong emphasis
on data privacy and security. Protecting customer data and building trust is one of our core values. Operating
in compliance with the most stringent standards and regulations both in China and globally, we provide our
customers with a high level of security, privacy protection and ease of mind.


AI-powered Services Improving Customer Satisfaction and Partner Productivity
We strive to offer the right product to the right customer at the right time through the right channel, known as
our “4R” strategy. Technology is the foundation to achieve the 4R strategy. Through aggregation and analysis
of customer behavioral big data, we derive deep insights about customer preferences and offer precision
targeting for product recommendations. The access to customer insights also enables us to train and refine
robust AI models, empowering a great customer experience. For example, our “Snapshop” feature allows users
to identify products through uploaded pictures. Such technology is also publicly available through our open AI
platform NeuHub and has been adopted by most major phone manufacturers in China to improve phone users’
shopping experiences.


To support our omni-channel strategy, our technologies are embedded in a multitude of retail scenarios, from
online web and mobile shopping experience, to our offline ecosystem, including our JD Smart Speakers,
7FRESH stores, JD E-SPACE, a 50,000 square meter shopping mega store we launched in November 2019, and
many JD Home outlets and unmanned convenience stores.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        135
      Part I (Continued)




           Technology also permeates our customer service experience. Leveraging our cutting-edge technologies and big
           data, we provide an individualized shopping experience for each customer. We identify customers’ demands and
           provide accurate recommendations based on comprehensive algorithms derived from a large volume of data on
           customer behavior and preferences.


           Our AI-powered services also empower our partners to improve their operational efficiency and productivity.
           Our marketing platform employs sophisticated AI and big data technologies to produce user behavior insights
           and provide brand marketers and third-party merchants with one-stop brand building and sales growth solutions.
           This not only reduces our marketers’ labor in marketing campaigns, but also improve their return on investment.
           During promotion seasons, our AI-based agent helps third-party merchants efficiently respond to large volume of
           customer requests, cutting wait times and improving customer experience.


           AI-triaged calls effectively reduce manned calls and improve operational efficiency. Furthermore, our advanced
           AI custom service is integrated into our retail ecosystem by way of our SaaS (software as a service) platform.


           Smart Retail & Supply Chain Technology Enhancing Operational Efficiency
           Through years of online operation, we have amassed a large amount of know-how and data across China’s
           e-commerce supply-chain, from product manufacturing, warehouse operations and distribution to sales and
           customer service information. Combining the power of big data analytics and AI on our intelligent cloud platform, we
           streamline customer-to-manufacturer production to improve sales and enhance customer satisfaction. Leveraging
           our smart retail and supply chain technology, we provide technology solutions for our logistics operations to enable
           customers to transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic workflows.


           At the infrastructural level, during the two major online shopping events in 2023, JD Cloud platform had a solid
           operational performance by recording 99.99% of service level agreements (SLAs) and having zero outages.


           Technology Transcending Boundaries of Smart Logistics
           In 2019, we enhanced our capabilities and operations with unmanned delivery vehicles, including our in-house
           level 4 (L4) autonomous delivery robots. Level 4 refers to “high driving automation,” which means that no
           human intervention is needed as long as the system is operating within a certain geo-fenced area. Besides
           self-driving robots, we also deployed unmanned drones for parcel delivery in certain areas. Furthermore, we
           also leverage AI technologies to detect and triage mishandling of packages within our fulfillment infrastructure,
           reducing goods damaged while improving customer satisfaction.


           Marketing
           We believe that the most effective form of marketing is to continually enhance our customer experience, as
           customer satisfaction engenders word-of-mouth referrals and repeat purchases. We have been able to build
           an extensive base of loyal customers primarily through providing superior customer experience and conducting
           marketing and brand promotion activities.




136   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In addition to continuing marketing activities through traditional online and offline channels, we have also
designed innovative programs and promotion activities to further enhance the brand awareness of both
ourselves and our partners and to better reach our customers. We have launched a series of successful
joint marketing campaigns such as “Super Brand Days,” “Super Category Days” and “Super New Product
Days.” We will continue to leverage our data-driven customer insights to provide customized marketing tools
and campaigns for business partners and help them to develop brand recognition in China. We have also
made progress in social e-commerce innovations, particularly benefiting from access points within Weixin
and QQ channels, both of which have a large mobile internet user base. Through leveraging more targeted,
innovative and interactive marketing tools, we can help brands on the platform increase exposure, drive traffic
and achieve deeper penetration into lower-tier cities and attract younger generations.


In addition, we have formed strategic partnerships with a number of major internet companies in China, aiming
at leveraging these companies’ massive user bases to strengthen collaboration in targeted marketing, user
access points and content-driven marketing. We incurred RMB38.7 billion, RMB37.8 billion and RMB40.1 billion
(US$5.7 billion) of marketing expenses in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


Competition
The online retail industry in China is intensely competitive. Our current or potential competitors include (i) major
e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, such as
Alibaba Group, which operates taobao.com and tmall.com, and (ii) major traditional retailers in China that are
moving into online retailing, such as Suning Appliance Company Limited, which operates suning.com. We also
face competition from online retail companies in China focused on specific product categories and from physical
retail stores, including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop shopping experience.


We anticipate that the online retail market will continually evolve and will continue to experience rapid
technological change, evolving industry standards, shifting customer requirements, and frequent innovation. We
must continually innovate to remain competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our industry
are:


•      brand recognition and reputation;


•      product quality and selection;


•      pricing;


•      fulfillment capabilities; and


•      customer service.


In addition, new and enhanced technologies may increase competition in the online retail industry. New
competitive business models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        137
      Part I (Continued)




           We believe that we are well-positioned to effectively compete on the basis of the factors listed above. However,
           some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
           supplier relationships, larger customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do.


           Seasonality
           We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of seasonal fluctuations in customer
           purchases, promotional events, and traditional retail seasonality patterns. For example, we generally experience
           less user traffic and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New
           Year holiday season in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are
           significantly higher in the fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.


           E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year that tend
           to boost sales in the fourth quarter relative to other quarters, and we hold a special promotional campaign in
           the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of our e-commerce
           business. Overall, the impact of seasonality on our business has been relatively mild due to our rapid growth but
           we have seen an upward trend and such a trend may continue in the future. Due to our limited operating history,
           the seasonal trends that we have experienced in the past may not apply to, or be indicative of, our future
           operating results.


           Intellectual Property
           We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and
           similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on copyright, trademark and patent law and
           confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with our employees and others to protect
           our proprietary rights. As of December 31, 2023, we owned over 5,000 computer software copyrights in China
           relating to various aspects of our operations and maintained over 30,000 trademark registrations inside China
           and over 5,800 trademark registrations outside China. We had approximately 38,000 trademark applications
           inside China and over 7,000 outside China. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 7,800 patents
           granted in China, over 600 patents granted outside China, approximately 11,000 patent applications pending in
           China and approximately 1,000 patent applications pending outside China. As of December 31, 2023, we had
           registered over 9,000 domain names. Our registered domain names include jd.com, jdl.cn and jdhealth.com,
           among others.


           Insurance
           We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
           all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
           facilities. We maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at 173 locations. We also provide
           social security insurance including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
           maternity insurance and medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident
           insurance for all employees and supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and other
           professional personnel. We do not maintain business interruption insurance other than in connection with the
           fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, nor do we maintain product liability insurance or key-man
           insurance. We consider our insurance coverage to be sufficient for our business operations in China.


138   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
ESG is critical to our long-term development. We incorporate ESG values into our business strategies and
continue to drive ESG progress with focuses on the following six areas.


Environmental Sustainability
We aim to build a green and low-carbon supply chain by actively promoting carbon-reduction measures in
the fields of warehousing, packaging, transportation and consumption and driving development of a circular
economy, with joint efforts with upstream and downstream partners. As of the end of 2023, we have installed
photovoltaic power generation systems nationwide at our intelligent industrial parks, which have supplied green
electricity of 31,700 MWh accumulatively, reducing carbon emission of 31,600 tons by replacing thermal power
generation. JD Logistics achieved annual carbon reduction of over 69,000 tons in 2023 through green packaging
promotion across the entire supply chain.


Building Customer Trust
We adhere to “customer first,” providing customers high-quality products and shopping experience of the
utmost in selection, speed, quality and value to build customer trust. Supplier management is important to us to
serve and build trust with customers. Under our responsible procurement, we have incorporated requirements
for our suppliers in the areas of business ethics, social responsibilities, occupational health and safety,
environmental protection, among others, and have established the JD.com Supplier Code of Conduct.


People Oriented
Our people are the driving force of our sustainable development. We are always committed to providing
comprehensive employee care and welfare, offering multi-dimensional employee training and talent
development programs, creating high-quality job opportunities, and promoting diversity, equality and inclusion in
the workplace. JD.com was listed on Forbes 2023 World’s Best Employers, making the list six years in a row.


Business Ethics
Guided by our commitment to “Achieving Success the Right Way,” we have implemented multiple measures
to build a trustworthy business ecosystem, such as the establishment of governance systems, comprehensive
training and promotion, and accountability and rewards, in the areas of anti-corruption and compliance,
information security and privacy protection, among others.


•    Anti-corruption and compliance: Integrity and compliance of our business partners is an integral part to our
     value proposition of building a “Responsible Supply Chain.” We carry out anti-corruption and compliance
     training for our business partners every year.


•    Information security and privacy protection: We place great importance to information security and
     privacy protection, and have built a comprehensive system, including policies, management, technology,
     supervision and training, to enhance our efforts in this field. To build a corporate culture of integrity, we
     provided about 445,000 hours in total of information security and privacy protection training sessions and
     examinations to our employees in 2023.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        139
      Part I (Continued)




           Technology Empowerment and Technology for Good
           We open and share our digital intelligent supply chain service capabilities, and work with upstream and
           downstream partners to build an ecosystem of innovation across the entire supply chain. In April 2023, JD
           Logistics launched the Supply Chain Emission Management Platform, a validated carbon footprint management
           platform incorporating over 140 types of carbon emission factors in road transportation in China. The platform
           calculates carbon emissions with higher granularity based on the actual routes of transportation vehicles. It
           aims to drive more enterprises to reduce carbon emissions with enhanced efficiency and lower cost, ultimately
           steering towards achieving the net-zero emission target.

           Giving Back to the Community
           Leveraging our advantages and experience in building a “Responsible Supply Chain”, we make active contribution
           in rural revitalization, disaster relief, and philanthropy. Since the launch of JD rural revitalization plan “Journey to
           Wealth” in October 2020, we have worked with farmers to launch a series of high-quality landmark agricultural
           products, leveraging our supply chain and scale benefits to help farmers reduce operating costs and enhance
           competitiveness.

           Regulation
           This section sets forth a summary of the most significant rules and regulations that affect our business activities
           in China.

           Amended Company Law
           The establishment, operation and management of corporate entities in the PRC are governed by the Company Law
           of the PRC. On December 29, 2023, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the
           amended Company Law of the PRC, which will come into effect on July 1, 2024, to supersede the existing PRC
           Company Law which was amended in October 2018. The major revisions made by the amended PRC Company Law
           included improving the system for the establishment and liquidation of companies, optimizing organizational structures
           of companies, improving the capital system of companies, strengthening the responsibilities of the controlling
           shareholder and management staff, and enhancing the social responsibilities of companies, etc. With respect to
           the period for payment of the registered capital, pursuant to the amended PRC Company Law, all shareholders of a
           PRC limited liability company shall fully pay up the registered capital subscribed for by such shareholders within five
           years since the date of establishment of the PRC limited liability company, unless otherwise provided by laws and
           regulations. On February 6, 2024, the SAMR issued a draft of the Provisions of the State Council on Implementing the
           Registered Capital Registration and Management System under the PRC Company Law for public comments, which
           further specified the detailed requirements and measures of the registration and management of registered capital
           under the amended PRC Company Law. Pursuant to such draft provisions, there shall be a three-year interim period
           from July 1, 2024 to June 30, 2027 for the existing companies to adjust their periods of capital contribution.

           Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment
           Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are principally governed by the Catalog of Industries for
           Encouraging Foreign Investment, or the Catalog, and the Special Management Measures for the Access of
           Foreign Investment, or the Negative List, which were promulgated and are amended from time to time by
           the Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC, and together with the Foreign Investment Law and their respective
           implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Catalog and the Negative List lay out the basic framework
           for foreign investment in China, classifying businesses into three categories with regard to foreign investment:
           “encouraged,” “restricted” and “prohibited.” Industries not listed in the Catalog or the Negative List are
           generally deemed as falling into a fourth category “permitted” unless specifically restricted by other PRC laws.


140   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




The Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC promulgated the Catalogue of Industries for Encouraging Foreign
Investment (2022 Version) on October 26, 2022, and the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for the
Access of Foreign Investment (2021) on December 27, 2021, to replace the previous encouraging catalogue and
negative list thereunder. Each of Jingdong Century and Shanghai Shengdayuan primarily engages in the online
wholesale and retail of products, the development of computer network technology, technical consultancy and
technical services, which are in the permitted category.


On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law, which has
become effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly
Foreign-owned Enterprise Law, as well their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign
Investment Law, by means of legislation, establishes the basic framework for the access, promotion, protection
and administration of foreign investment in view of investment protection and fair competition.


According to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign investment shall enjoy pre-entry national treatment, except for
those foreign invested entities that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited” in the
“negative list.” The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested entities operating in foreign “restricted”
or “prohibited” industries will require entry clearance and other approvals. The Foreign Investment Law does not
comment on the concept of “de facto control” or contractual arrangements with variable interest entities, however,
it has a catch-all provision under definition of “foreign investment” to include investments made by foreign
investors in China through means stipulated by laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by
the State Council. Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions to provide
for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Our current
corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment Law.”


The Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their
investments in the PRC, including, among others, that local governments shall abide by their commitments
to the foreign investors; foreign-invested enterprises are allowed to issue stocks and corporate bonds; except
for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable
compensation shall be made in a timely manner, expropriate or requisition the investment of foreign investors is
prohibited; mandatory technology transfer is prohibited, allows foreign investors’ funds to be freely transferred
out and into the territory of PRC, which run through the entire lifecycle from the entry to the exit of foreign
investment, and provide an all-around and multi-angle system to guarantee fair competition of foreign-invested
enterprises in the market economy. In addition, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should
be imposed legal liabilities for failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements.
Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to
the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within
five years after the implementing of the Foreign Investment Law, which means that foreign invested enterprises
may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance in accordance with the current PRC Company
Law and other laws and regulations governing the corporate governance.


On December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Rules to the Foreign Investment Law,
which became effective on January 1, 2020. The implementation rules further clarified that the state encourages and
promotes foreign investment, protects the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors, regulates foreign investment
administration, continues to optimize foreign investment environment, and advances a higher-level opening.

                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         141
      Part I (Continued)




           On December 30, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce and the SAMR jointly promulgated the Measures for
           Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, which became effective on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the
           Measures for Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, where a foreign investor carries out investment
           activities in China directly or indirectly, the foreign investor or the foreign-invested enterprise shall submit the
           investment information to the competent commerce department.


           According to the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign Investment promulgated by the NDRC and the
           Ministry of Commerce on December 19, 2020 and became effective on January 18, 2021, the NDRC and the
           Ministry of Commerce will establish a working mechanism office in charge of the security review of foreign
           investment. Such measures define foreign investment as direct or indirect investment by foreign investors in the
           PRC, which includes (i) investment in new onshore projects or establishment of wholly foreign owned onshore
           companies or joint ventures with foreign investors; (ii) acquiring equity or asset of onshore companies by merger
           and acquisition; and (iii) onshore investment by and through any other means. Investment in certain key areas with
           bearing on national security, such as important cultural products and services, important information technology and
           internet services and products, key technologies and other important areas with bearing on national security which
           results in the acquisition of de facto control of investee companies, shall be filed with a specifically established office
           before such investment is carried out. What may constitute “onshore investment by and through any other means”
           or “de facto control” could be broadly interpreted under such measures. It is likely that control through contractual
           arrangement be regarded as de facto control based on provisions applied to security review of foreign investment in
           the free trade zone. Failure to make such filing may subject such foreign investor to rectification within prescribed
           period, and will be recorded as negative credit information of such foreign investor in the national credit information
           system, which would then subject such investors to joint punishment as provided by the rules. If such investor fails
           to or refuses to undertake such rectification, it would be ordered to dispose of the equity or asset and to take any
           other necessary measures so as to return to the status quo and to erase the impact to national security.


           Foreign Investment in Value-Added Telecommunications Businesses
           The Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunications Enterprises promulgated by the State
           Council in December 2001 and subsequently amended in September 2008 and February 2016 set forth detailed
           requirements with respect to capitalization, investor qualifications and application procedures in connection with
           the establishment of a foreign-invested telecommunications enterprise. These regulations prohibit a foreign entity
           from owning more than 50% of the total equity interest in any value-added telecommunications service business
           in China and require the major foreign investor in any value-added telecommunications service business in China
           have a good and profitable record and operating experience in the industry. However, pursuant to the latest
           amendment to the Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunications Enterprises issued
           by the State Council in March 2022, which became effective on May 1, 2022, several provisions, including the
           requirement that such major foreign investors described above to have a good and profitable record and operating
           experience in the industry had been removed. In addition, the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for
           the Access of Foreign Investment (2021) allows foreign investors to hold more than 50% equity interests in a
           value-added telecommunications service provider engaging in e-commerce, domestic multiparty communication,
           storage-and-forward and call center businesses. Due to these regulations, we operate our www.jd.com website
           through Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated variable interest entities.




142   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In July 2006, the Ministry of Information Industry, the predecessor of the MIIT, issued the Circular on
Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in the Operation of Value-added Telecommunications
Business, pursuant to which a PRC domestic company that holds an operating license for value-added
telecommunications business, which we refer to as a Value-added Telecommunication License, or a VAT License,
is prohibited from leasing, transferring or selling the VAT License to foreign investors in any form and from
providing any assistance, including resources, sites or facilities, to foreign investors that conduct a value-added
telecommunications business illegally in the PRC. Further, the domain names and registered trademarks used by
an operating company providing value-added telecommunications services must be legally owned by that company
or its shareholders. In addition, the company’s operational premises and equipment must comply with the
approved coverage region on its VAT License, and the company must establish and improve its internal internet
and information security policies and standards and emergency management procedures. If a VAT License holder
fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a specified period of
time, the MIIT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures against the license
holder, including revoking its VAT License. Jingdong 360, the operator of our www.jd.com website, owns the
domain names and registered trademarks and has the necessary personnel to operate the website.


Licenses and Permits
We are required to hold a variety of licenses and permits in connection with various aspects of our business,
including the following:


Value-added Telecommunication License
The Telecommunications Regulations promulgated by the State Council and its related implementation
rules, including the Catalog of Classification of Telecommunications Business issued by the MIIT, categorize
various types of telecommunications and telecommunications-related activities into basic or value-added
telecommunications services, and internet information services are classified as value-added telecommunications
businesses.    Under       the   Telecommunications    Regulations,   commercial     operators    of   value-added
telecommunications services must first obtain a VAT License from the MIIT or its provincial level counterparts.
Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services promulgated by the State Council in
2000 and amended in 2011, a commercial ICP service operator must obtain an ICP License from the government
authorities before engaging in any commercial ICP service in China. When the ICP service involves areas of
news, publication, education, medical treatment, health, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, and if required by
law or regulations, specific approval from the respective regulatory authorities must be obtained prior to applying
for the ICP License from the MIIT or its provincial level counterpart. In 2017, the MIIT replaced the Administrative
Measures on Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses promulgated in 2009 by promulgating the
Administrative Measures on Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses, which set forth more specific
provisions regarding the types of licenses required to operate value-added telecommunications services,
the qualifications and procedures for obtaining such licenses and the administration and supervision of such
licenses. Jingdong 360, as our ICP operator, holds an ICP License issued by the Beijing Telecommunications
Administration for the provision of information services through the internet, a VAT License issued by Beijing
Telecommunication Administration for the provision of online data processing and transaction processing
services and also a VAT License issued by the MIIT for the provision of information services through a mobile
network, the provision of internet data center services, internet access services, cellular mobile communications
services provided in the means of resale, content delivery network services and storage-and-forward services.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        143
      Part I (Continued)




           Internet Publication License/Network Publication Service License
           As a result of institutional reform in March 2018, the National Press and Publication Administration was
           established and assigned to undertake the administration of publication activities in China from the State
           Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television, which was integrated from the State
           Administration of Radio, Film and Television, and the General Administration of Press and Publication in March
           2013. In June 2002, the MIIT and the General Administration of Press and Publication jointly promulgated
           the Tentative Administrative Measures on Internet Publication, which require internet publishers to obtain a
           license from the General Administration of Press and Publication to conduct internet publication activities. In
           February 2016, the State Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television and the MIIT jointly
           issued the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, which took effect in March 2016 and replaced the
           Tentative Administrative Measures on Internet Publication. The Administrative Measures on Network Publication
           further strengthened and expanded the supervision and management on the network publication service.
           Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, entities engaging in the network publication
           service are required to obtain a network publication service license from a competent administrative authority;
           the network publishing services refer to the activities of providing network publications to the public through
           information networks; and the network publications refer to the digitalized works with the publishing features
           such as editing, producing and processing. The Administrative Measures on Network Publication also provide
           the detailed qualifications and application procedures for obtaining a Network Publication Service License.
           Jingdong 360 holds a Network Publication Service License, which is in the process of being renewed.

           Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate
           In July 2004, the State Food and Drug Administration, the predecessor of the National Medical Products
           Administration, promulgated the Administrative Measures on Internet Drug Information Service (amended in
           November 2017). In addition, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress further amended
           the Drug Administration Law on August 26, 2019, which became effective on December 1, 2019. These laws
           and measures, together with certain implementing rules and notices promulgated by the State Food and Drug
           Administration or the National Medical Products Administration, set out regulations governing the classification,
           application, approval, content, qualifications and requirements for internet drug information services. An ICP
           service operator that provides information regarding drugs or medical devices must obtain an Internet Drug
           Information Service Qualification Certificate from the applicable provincial level administrative authority.
           Jingdong 360 has completed the filing for drugs and medical devices internet information services.

           Courier Service Operation Permit
           Pursuant to the PRC Postal Law, the Administrative Measures on the Courier Service Market and the
           Administrative Measures on Courier Service Operation Permits, any entity engaging in courier services must
           obtain a Courier Service Operation Permit from the State Post Bureau or its local counterpart and is subject to
           their supervision and regulation. Entities applying for a permit to operate courier services in a certain province
           should apply to the provincial level post bureau, while an entity applying for a permit to operate courier services
           across multiple provinces should apply to the State Post Bureau. An entity holding a cross-provincial Courier
           Service Operation Permit may provide courier services in cities other than its place of registration by establishing
           new branches at these cities and then filing with the relevant provincial post bureau for those branches. In
           addition, pursuant to the Interim Regulations of Courier which came into effect in May 2018 and was further
           amended in March 2019, express delivery operators and their branches may open express delivery terminal


144   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




outlets according to their business needs, and shall file with the local postal administrations in the places where
such terminal outlets are located within 20 days from the date of opening such terminal outlets. Express delivery
terminal outlets are not required to obtain a business license. The courier business must be operated within the
permitted scope and valid term of the Courier Service Operation Permit. As of December 31, 2023, Jingbangda
had obtained one cross-provincial Courier Service Operation Permit, and its 37 subsidiaries had obtained Courier
Service Operation Permits. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We are
subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to
our business or any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations may have a material and adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

Road Transportation Operation Permit
Under the Regulations on Road Transportation promulgated by the State Council in April 2004 and as amended,
and the Provisions on Administration of Road Transportation and Stations (Sites) issued by the Ministry of
Transport in June 2005 and as amended, unless otherwise provided in the foregoing laws, anyone engaging in
the business of operating road transportation must obtain a Road Transportation Operation Permit, and each
vehicle used for shipping must have a Road Transportation Certificate. As of December 31, 2023, Xi’an Jingdong
Xuncheng and its 10 branches and two subsidiaries, Jingbangda and its 29 subsidiaries had obtained Road
Transportation Operation Permits that allow these entities to provide road freight transportation services. See
“Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We are subject to a broad range of laws
and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business or any failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.”

Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Business License
According to the Interim Regulations on the Flight Management of Unmanned Aircraft released by the Central
Military Commission and the State Council of China in May 2023, the use of civilian unmanned aircraft classified
as micro or smaller for flight activities requires the acquisition of a Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Air
Operator Certificate. Xi’an Jingdong Tianhong Technology Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of Jingdong Logistics Supply
Chain Co., Ltd., has obtained the Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Air Operator Certificate.

Publication Operation Permit
In May 2016, the Ministry of Commerce and the State Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and
Television jointly promulgated the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2016 Version), which
replaced the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2011 Version). According to the Administrative
Measures for the Publication Market (2016 Version), where an entity or individual is engaged in the distribution
of publications via the internet or other information networks, the entity or individual is required to obtain a
Publication Operation Permit. Entities and individuals engaged in the wholesale or retail of publications are
required to carry out their activities within the scope of a Publication Operation Permit. Where an entity or
individual has obtained the Publication Operation Permit and is engaged in the distribution of publications
via the internet or other information networks within the approved business scope, the entity or individual is
required to complete record filing with the publication administrative department within 15 days after launching
the online distribution business. We engage in wholesale and retail of books and audio and video products and




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        145
      Part I (Continued)




           other publications mainly through entities including Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Beijing Jingdong Century Information
           Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Jingdong Trading Limited and Shanghai Yuanmai Trading Co., Ltd., among
           others. Each of these entities has obtained a Publication Operation Permit.


           Food Operation Permit
           China has adopted a licensing system for food supply operations under the Food Safety Law and its
           implementation rules. Entities or individuals that intend to engage in food production, food distribution or
           food service businesses must obtain licenses or permits for such businesses. Pursuant to the Administrative
           Measures for Food Operation Licensing and Record-filing, issued by SAMR in June 2023 and became effective
           in December 2023, which replaced the Administrative Measures on Food Operation Licensing issued by the
           State Food and Drug Administration in August 2015 and amended in November 2017, an enterprise needs to
           obtain a Food Operation Permit from the local market administration before conducting food sales and catering
           service activities, while only filing with local market administration is needed for enterprises selling prepackaged
           food. We sell food, liquor and nutritional supplements through our mobile apps and websites. Our major PRC
           subsidiaries or their branches engaging in food operation business have obtained Food Operation Permits.


           Medical Device Operation Enterprise Permit
           The Regulations on Supervision and Administration of Medical Devices, issued by the State Council in 2000 and
           further amended in March 2014, May 2017 and June 2021, divides medical devices into three types. Enterprises
           engaging in the sale of Type II medical devices must file with the relevant drug supervision and administration
           authority while those engaging in the sale of Type III medical devices must obtain a Medical Device Operation
           Permit from the relevant drug supervision and administrative authority. Beijing Jingdong Century Information
           Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Jingdong Century), Beijing Jingdong Hongjian Jiankang Co., Ltd. and certain
           other subsidiaries of Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd. have obtained Medical Device Operation Permits for
           the sale of several types of Type III medical devices.


           Permit for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs
           Under the Regulations on the Administration of Production of Radio and Television Programs issued by the State
           Administration of Radio, Film and Television in July 2004 and amended in August 2015 and October 2020, any
           entities that engage in the production of radio and television programs are required to apply for a Permit for
           Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs from the competent administrative authority. Entities with
           this permit must conduct their business operations in compliance with the approved scope of production and
           operation. Furthermore, entities other than radio and TV stations are prohibited from producing consolidated
           radio and TV programs regarding current political news or similar subjects. Jingdong 360 has obtained a Permit
           for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs, which remains valid until July 2025.


           Regulations Relating to E-Commerce
           China’s e-commerce industry is at a relatively early stage of development and there are few PRC laws or
           regulations specifically regulating the e-commerce industry.


           On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the E-Commerce
           Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the E-Commerce Law, an e-commerce platform
           operator shall (i) collect, verify and register the truthful information submitted by the third-party merchants

146   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




that apply to sell products or provide services on its platform, including the identities, addresses, contacts
and licenses, establish registration archives and update such information on a regular basis; (ii) submit the
identification information of the third-party merchants on its platform to market regulatory administrative
department as required and remind the third-party merchants to complete the registration with market
regulatory administrative department; (iii) submit identification information and tax-related information to tax
authorities as required in accordance with the laws and regulations regarding the administration of tax collection
and remind the individual third-party merchants to complete the tax registration; (iv) record and retain the
information of the products and services and the transaction information for no less than 3 years; (v) display
the platform service agreement and the transaction rules or links to such information on the homepage of the
platform; (vi) display the noticeable labels regarding the products or services provided by the platform operator
itself on its platform, and take liabilities for such products and services; (vii) establish a credit evaluation system,
display the credit evaluation rules, provide consumers with accesses to make comments on the products and
services provided on its platform, and restrain from deleting such comments; and (viii) establish intellectual
property protection rules, and take necessary measures when any intellectual property holder notifies the
platform operator that his intellectual property rights have been infringed. An e-commerce platform operator
shall take joint liabilities with the third-party merchants on its platform and may be subject to warnings and
fines up to RMB2 million where (i) it fails to take necessary measures when it knows or should have known
that the products or services provided by the third-party merchants on its platform do not meet the personal
or property safety requirements or such third-party merchants’ other acts may infringe on the lawful rights and
interests of the consumers; or (ii) it fails to take necessary measures, such as deleting and blocking information,
disconnecting, terminating transactions and services, when it knows or should have known that the third-party
merchants on its platform infringe any intellectual property rights of any other third party. With respect to
products or services affecting the consumers’ life and health, if an e-commerce platform operator fails to verify
the third-party merchants’ qualification or fails to fulfill its obligations to safeguard the safety of consumers,
which results in damages to the consumers, it shall take corresponding liabilities and may be subject to
warnings and fines up to RMB2 million.


On March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online
Trading, which aims to regulate business activities involving the sale of commodities or provision of services
through the internet and other information networks, to replace earlier measures from 2014. Pursuant to these
measures, online trading operators are classified into four types: the online trading platform operators, operators
on platform, operators of self-built websites, and operators that carry out online trading activities through other
online services. These measures reinforce the operation requirements as provided under the E-Commerce
Law and the principles of legality, rationality and necessity in the collection and use of the users’ information
and disclosure of the rules, purposes, methods and scopes of collection and use of user information. These
measures also provide that the online trading operators (i) shall not use false transactions, fabricated user review
etc. to conduct false or misleading business promotion, so as to defraud or mislead consumers and (ii) shall
not eliminate or restrict competition, damage or ruin the competitor’s reputation. Furthermore, the measures
impose a series of regulatory requirements on new forms of online trading, such as online social networking
e-commerce and online livestreaming e-commerce.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         147
      Part I (Continued)




           In March 2016, the State Taxation Administration, the Ministry of Finance and the General Administration of
           Customs jointly issued the Circular on Tax Policy for Cross-Border E-commerce Retail Imports, which took effect
           in April 2016. Pursuant to this circular, goods imported through the cross-border e-commerce retail are subject
           to tariff, import value-added tax, and consumption tax based on the types of goods. Individuals purchasing any
           goods imported through cross-border e-commerce retail are taxpayers, and e-commerce companies, companies
           operating e-commerce transaction platforms or logistic companies are required to withhold the taxes.


           We are subject to these measures as a result of our online retail marketplace business.


           Regulations Relating to Internet Content
           The Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services specify that internet information services regarding
           news, publications, education, medical and health care, pharmacy and medical devices, among other things, are
           to be examined, approved and regulated by the authorities. Internet information providers are prohibited from
           providing services beyond those included in the scope of their ICP licenses or filings. Furthermore, these measures
           clearly specify a list of prohibited content. Internet information providers are prohibited from producing, copying,
           publishing or distributing information that is humiliating or defamatory to others or that infringes the lawful rights
           and interests of others. Internet information providers that violate the prohibition may face criminal charges or
           administrative sanctions by the PRC authorities. Internet information providers must monitor and control the
           information posted on their websites. If any prohibited content is found, they must remove the offending content
           immediately, keep a record of it and report to the authorities. Furthermore, in 2019, the CAC issued the Provisions
           on the Management of Network Information Content Ecology, which became effective on March 1, 2020, to
           further strengthen the regulation and management of network information content. Pursuant to the Provisions on
           the Management of Network Information Content Ecology, each network information content service platform
           is required, among others, (i) not to disseminate any information prohibited by laws and regulations, such as
           information jeopardizing national security; (ii) to strengthen the examination of advertisements published on such
           network information content service platform; (iii) to promulgate management rules and platform convention and
           improve user agreement, such that such network information content service platform could clarify users’ rights
           and obligations and perform management responsibilities required by laws, regulations, rules and convention;
           (iv) to establish convenient means for complaints and reports; and (v) to prepare annual work report regarding its
           management of network information content ecology. In addition, a network information content service platform
           must not, among others, (i) utilize new technologies such as deep learning and virtual reality to engage in activities
           prohibited by laws and regulations; (ii) engage in online traffic fraud, malicious traffic rerouting and other activities
           related to fraudulent account, illegal transaction account or maneuver of users’ account; or (iii) infringe a third party’s
           legitimate rights or seek illegal interests by way of interfering with information display.


           On September 15, 2021, the CAC promulgated the Opinions on Further Enforcing Responsibilities on
           Website Platforms as the Main Responsible Party for Information Content Management. In accordance with
           the Opinions, website platforms are required to perform specific responsibilities as the main responsible
           party for information content management, including, among others, enhancing the platform community
           rules, strengthening the regulation and management of accounts, improving the content vetting mechanism,
           improving the quality of information content, managing the dissemination of information content, and
           strengthening the management of key functions.


148   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Internet information in China is also regulated and restricted from a national security standpoint. The National
People’s Congress, China’s national legislative body, has enacted the Decisions on Maintaining Internet
Security, which may subject violators to criminal punishment in China for any effort to: (1) gain improper entry
into a computer or system of strategic importance; (2) disseminate politically disruptive information; (3) leak
state secrets; (4) spread false commercial information; or (5) infringe intellectual property rights. The Ministry of
Public Security has promulgated measures that prohibit use of the internet in ways which, among other things,
result in a leakage of state secrets or a spread of socially destabilizing content.


Regulations Relating to Information Security
The National People’s Congress has enacted legislation that prohibits use of the internet that breaches the
public security, disseminates socially destabilizing content or leaks state secrets. Breach of public security
includes breach of national security and infringement on legal rights and interests of the state, society or
citizens. Socially destabilizing content includes any content that incites defiance or violations of PRC laws or
regulations or subversion of the PRC government or its political system, spreads socially disruptive rumors or
involves cult activities, superstition, obscenities, pornography, gambling or violence. State secrets are defined
broadly to include information concerning PRC national defense, state affairs and other matters as determined
by the PRC authorities.


Pursuant to applicable regulations, ICP operators must complete mandatory security filing procedures and
regularly update information security and monitoring systems for their websites with local public security
authorities, and must also report any public dissemination of prohibited content.


In December 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Anti-Terrorism
Law of the PRC, which took effect on January 1, 2016 and was amended on April 27, 2018. According to the
law, telecommunication service operators or internet service providers shall (i) provide technical interfaces,
decryption and other technical support and assistance for the competent departments to prevent and investigate
terrorist activities; (ii) implement network security and information monitoring systems as well as safety
and technical prevention measures to avoid the dissemination of terrorism information, delete the terrorism
information, immediately halt its dissemination, keep records and report to the competent departments once the
terrorism information is discovered; and (iii) examine customer identities before providing services. Any violation
of the law may result in severe penalties, including substantial fines.


In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Cyber Security
Law of the PRC, which took effect on June 1, 2017. In accordance with the Cyber Security Law, network
operators must comply with applicable laws and regulations and fulfill their obligations to safeguard network
security in conducting business and providing services. Network service providers must take technical and other
necessary measures as required by laws, regulations and mandatory requirements to safeguard the operation
of networks, respond to network security effectively, prevent illegal and criminal activities, and maintain the
integrity, confidentiality and usability of network data. On December 28, 2021, the CAC and other twelve PRC
governmental authorities jointly issued the Cybersecurity Review Measures, with effect from February 15, 2022,
which provide detailed cybersecurity review procedures for the purchase of network products and services by
operators of “critical information infrastructure” or the data processing activities by a network platform operator.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         149
      Part I (Continued)




           According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, “network products and services” primarily refer to core
           network equipment, important communication product, high-performance computers and servers, mass storage
           equipment, large databases and applications, network security equipment, cloud computing services, and
           other network products and services that may have an important impact on the security of critical information
           infrastructure, cyber security or data security.


           For the further purposes of regulating data processing activities, safeguarding data security, promoting data
           development and utilization, protecting the lawful rights and interests of individuals and organizations, and
           maintaining national sovereignty, security, and development interests, on June 10, 2021, Standing Committee
           of the PRC National People’s Congress published the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China,
           which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires data processing, which includes
           the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, publication of data, to be conducted in a
           legitimate and proper manner. The Data Security Law provides for data security and privacy obligations on
           entities and individuals carrying out data activities. The Data Security Law also introduces a data classification
           and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development,
           and the degree of harm it may cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests
           of individuals or organizations if such data are tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or illegally
           used. The appropriate level of protection measures is required to be taken for each respective category of
           data. For example, a processor of important data is required to designate the personnel and the management
           body responsible for data security, carry out risk assessments of its data processing activities and file the risk
           assessment reports with the competent authorities. State core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national
           security, the lifelines of national economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to
           stricter management system. Moreover, the Data Security Law provides a national security review procedure
           for those data activities which affect or may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain
           data and information. In addition, the Data Security Law also provides that any organization or individual within
           the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial body and law enforcement body with any data
           without the approval of the competent PRC governmental authorities. As the Data Security Law was recently
           promulgated, we may be required to make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with this
           law, as well as any adjustments that may be required by the ultimate Personal Information Protection Law.


           On July 6, 2021, certain PRC regulatory authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
           Securities Activities, which, among others, provides for improving the laws and regulations on data security,
           cross-border data transmission, and confidential information management. It provided that efforts will be made
           to revise the regulations on strengthening the confidentiality and file management relating to the offering
           and listing of securities overseas, to implement the responsibility on information security of overseas listed
           companies, and to strengthen the standardized management of cross-border information provision mechanisms
           and procedures.


           On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the discussion draft of the Administrative Measures for Internet Data
           Security, which provides that data processors refer to individuals or organizations that autonomously determine the
           purpose and the manner of processing data. In accordance with the draft measures, data processors shall apply
           for a cybersecurity review for the following activities: (i) merger, reorganization or division of internet platform


150   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




operators that have acquired a large number of data resources related to national security, economic development
or public interests to the extent that affects or may affect national security; (ii) listing abroad of data processors
which process over one million users’ personal information; (iii) listing in Hong Kong which affects or may affect
national security; or (iv) other data processing activities that affect or may affect national security. Besides, data
processors that are listed overseas shall carry out an annual data security assessment. The draft measures
remains unclear on whether the requirements will be applicable to companies that have been listed in the United
States and Hong Kong, such as us. There is no timetable as to when the draft measures will be enacted.


On July 30, 2021, the State Council issued the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure.
Pursuant to these regulations, critical information infrastructure shall mean the important network facilities
or information systems of key industries or fields such as public communication and information service,
energy, transportation, water conservation, finance, public services, e-government affairs and national defense
science, and important network facilities or information systems which may endanger national security,
people’s livelihood and public interest once there occur damage, malfunctioning or data leakage to them.
The Regulations provide that no individual or organization may carry out any illegal activity of intruding into,
interfering with, or sabotaging any critical information infrastructures, or endanger the security of any critical
information infrastructures. The Regulations also require that critical information infrastructure operators
shall establish a cybersecurity protection system and accountability system, and that the main responsible
person of a critical information infrastructure operator shall take full responsibility for the security protection
of the critical information infrastructures operated by it. In addition, the administration departments for each
important industry and sector shall be responsible for formulating the rule of critical information infrastructure
determination applicable to their respective industry or sector, and determine the critical information
infrastructure operators in their industry or sector.


On July 12, 2021, the MIIT and two other authorities jointly issued the Provisions on the Administration of
Security Vulnerabilities of Network Products. The Provisions state that, no organization or individual may abuse
the security vulnerabilities of network products to engage in activities that endanger network security, or to
illegally collect, sell, or publish the information on such security vulnerabilities. Anyone who is aware of the
aforesaid offences shall not provide technical support, advertising, payment settlement and other assistance
to the offenders. According to the Provisions, network product providers, network operators, and platforms
collecting network product security vulnerabilities shall establish and improve channels for receiving network
product security vulnerability information and keep such channels available, and retain network product security
vulnerability information reception logs for at least six months. The Provisions also bans provision of undisclosed
vulnerabilities to overseas organizations or individuals other than to the product providers.


On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfer, which
became effective on September 1, 2022. These measures provide for the circumstances under which a data
processor shall be subject to security assessment, including (i) where a data processor provides important
data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure operator or a data processor that processes personal
information of more than one million individuals provides personal information abroad; (iii) where a data
processor that has exported personal information of over 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information
of over 10,000 individuals in total since January 1 of the previous year provides personal information abroad; and
(iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC.
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023       151
      Part I (Continued)




           Furthermore, the Provisions on Technological Measures for Internet Security Protection, promulgated by the
           Ministry of Public Security and became effective in March 2006, require all ICP operators to keep records of
           certain information about its users (including user registration information, log-in and log-out time, IP address,
           content and time of posts by users) for at least 60 days and submit the above information as required by laws
           and regulations. The Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection, which was promulgated by
           the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in December 2012, states that ICP operators must
           request identity information from users when ICP operators provide information publication services to the
           users. If ICP operators come across prohibited information, they must immediately cease the transmission of
           such information, take measures such as elimination, keep records, and report to the government authorities.


           On October 21, 2019, the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the PRC jointly
           issued the Interpretations on Certain Issues Regarding the Applicable of Law in the Handling of Criminal Case
           Involving Illegal Use of Information Networks and Assisting Committing Internet Crimes, which came into effect
           on November 1, 2019, and further clarifies the meaning of Internet service provider and the severe situations of
           the crimes.


           Regulations Relating to Internet Privacy
           The PRC Constitution states that PRC law protects the freedom and privacy of communications of citizens and
           prohibits infringement of these rights. In recent years, PRC government authorities have enacted legislation on
           internet use to protect personal information from any unauthorized disclosure. The Decision on Strengthening
           Network Information Protection provides that electronic information that identifies a citizen or involves privacy
           of any citizen is protected by law and must not be unlawfully collected or provided to others. ICP operators
           collecting or using personal electronic information of citizens must specify the purposes, manners and scopes
           of information collection and uses, obtain consent of the relevant citizens, and keep the collected personal
           information confidential. ICP operators are prohibited from disclosing, tampering with, damaging, selling or
           illegally providing others with, collected personal information. ICP operators are required to take technical and
           other measures to prevent the collected personal information from any unauthorized disclosure, damage or
           loss. The Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services prohibit an ICP operator from insulting
           or slandering a third party or infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of a third party. According to
           the Provisions on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users, which was
           promulgated by MIIT and became effective in September 2013, telecommunication business operators and ICP
           operators are responsible for the security of the personal information of users they collect or use in the course of
           their provision of services. Without obtaining the consent from the users, telecommunication business operators
           and ICP operators may not collect or use the users’ personal information. The personal information collected
           or used in the course of provision of services by the telecommunication business operators or ICP operators
           must be kept in strict confidence, and may not be divulged, tampered with or damaged, and may not be sold or
           illegally provided to others. The ICP operators are required to take certain measures to prevent any divulgence
           of, damage to, tampering with or loss of users’ personal information. In accordance with the Cyber Security
           Law, network operators are required to collect and use personal information in compliance with the principles
           of legitimacy, properness and necessity, and strictly within the scope of authorization by the subject of personal
           information unless otherwise prescribed by laws or regulations. In the event of any unauthorized disclosure,
           damage or loss of collected personal information, network operators must take immediate remedial measures,


152   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




notify the affected users and report the incidents to the authorities in a timely manner. If any user knows that a
network operator illegally collects and uses his or her personal information in violation of laws, regulations or any
agreement with the user, or the collected and stored personal information is inaccurate or wrong, the user has
the right to request the network operator to delete or correct the collected personal information.


The telecommunications authorities are further authorized to order ICP operators to rectify unauthorized
disclosure. ICP operators are subject to legal liability, including warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains,
revocation of licenses or filings, closing of the websites, administrative punishment, criminal liabilities, or civil
liabilities, if they violate provisions on internet privacy. Pursuant to the Ninth Amendment to the Criminal Law
issued by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in August 2015 and becoming effective in
November 2015, the standards of crime of infringing citizens’ personal information were amended accordingly
and the criminal culpability of unlawful collection, transaction, and provision of personal information has been
reinforced. In addition, any ICP provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to information cybersecurity
administration as required by applicable laws and refuses to rectify upon orders, will be subject to criminal
liability for (i) dissemination of illegal information in large scale; (ii) severe effect due to the leakage of the client’s
information; (iii) serious loss of evidence of criminal activities; or (iv) other severe situations, and any individual
or entity that (x) sells or provides personal information to others unlawfully, or (y) steals or illegally obtains any
personal information, will be subject to criminal liability in severe situations. In addition, the Interpretations of the
Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the PRC on Several Issues Concerning the
Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Infringing Personal Information, effective in June 2017, have
clarified certain standards for the conviction and sentencing in relation to personal information infringement.
The PRC government has the power and authority to order ICP operators to turn over personal information
if an internet user posts any prohibited content or engages in illegal activities on the internet. The Civil Code
further provides in a stand-alone chapter of right of personality and reiterate that the personal information of
a natural person shall be protected by the law. Any organization or individual shall legitimately obtain such
personal information of others in due course on a need-to-know basis and ensure the safety and privacy of such
information, and refrain from excessively handling or using such information.


With respect to the security of information collected and used by mobile apps, pursuant to the Announcement
of Conducting Special Supervision against the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information by Apps, which
was issued on January 23, 2019, app operators should collect and use personal information in compliance with
the Cyber Security Law and should be responsible for the security of personal information obtained from users
and take effective measures to strengthen the personal information protection. Furthermore, app operators
should not force their users to make authorization by means of bundling, suspending installation or in other
default forms and should not collect personal information in violation of laws, regulations or breach of user
agreements. Such regulatory requirements were emphasized by the Notice on the Special Rectification of
Apps Infringing upon User’s Personal Rights and Interests, which was issued by MIIT on October 31, 2019.
On November 28, 2019, the CAC, the MIIT, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR jointly issued the
Methods of Identifying Illegal Acts of Apps to Collect and Use Personal Information. This regulation further
illustrates certain commonly-seen illegal practices of apps operators in terms of personal information protection,
including “failure to publicize rules for collection and use,” “failure to expressly state the purpose, manner and
scope of collecting and using personal information,” “collection and use of personal information without consent


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023          153
      Part I (Continued)




           of users,” “collecting personal information irrelevant to the services provided by such app in violation of the
           principle of necessity,” “provision of personal information to others without consent,” “failure to provide the
           function of deleting or correcting personal information as required by laws” and “failure to publish information
           such as methods for complaints and reporting.” Among others, any of the following acts of an app operator
           will constitute “collection and use of personal information without consent of users”: (i) collecting an user’s
           personal information or activating the permission for collecting any user’s personal information without obtaining
           such user’s consent; (ii) collecting personal information or activating the permission for collecting the personal
           information of any user who explicitly refuses such collection, or repeatedly seeking for user’s consent such
           that the user’s normal use of such app is disturbed; (iii) any user’s personal information which has been actually
           collected by the app operator or the permission for collecting any user’s personal information activated by
           the app operator is beyond the scope of personal information which such user authorizes such app operator
           to collect; (iv) seeking for any user’s consent in a non-explicit manner; (v) modifying any user’s settings for
           activating the permission for collecting any personal information without such user’s consent; (vi) using users’
           personal information and any algorithms to directionally push any information, without providing the option of
           non-directed pushing such information; (vii) misleading users to permit collecting their personal information or
           activating the permission for collecting such users’ personal information by improper methods such as fraud and
           deception; (viii) failing to provide users with the means and methods to withdraw their permission of collecting
           personal information; and (ix) collecting and using personal information in violation of the rules for collecting and
           using personal information promulgated by such app operator.


           On August 22, 2019, the CAC promulgated the Provisions on the Internet Protection of Children’s Personal
           Information, which took effect on October 1, 2019, requiring that before collecting, using, transferring or
           disclosing the personal information of a child, the Internet service operator should inform the child’s guardians
           in a noticeable and clear manner and obtain their consents. Meanwhile, internet service operators should take
           measures like encryption when storing children’s personal information. On March 12, 2021, the CAC and three
           other authorities jointly issued the Rules on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of
           Mobile Internet Applications. The Rules specifies the scope of necessary personal information to be collected
           each for a variety of common mobile internet applications, such as maps and navigation apps, online ride-hailing
           apps, instant messaging apps, online community apps. Operators of such apps shall not refuse to provide basic
           services to users on the ground of users’ refusal to provide their personal non-essential information.


           In addition, on August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress adopted the
           Personal Information Protection Law which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information
           Protection Law requires, among others, that (i) the processing of personal information should have a clear and
           reasonable purpose which should be directly related to the processing purpose, in a method that has the least
           impact on personal rights and interests, and (ii) the collection of personal information should be limited to the
           minimum scope necessary to achieve the processing purpose to avoid the excessive collection of personal
           information. Different types of personal information and personal information processing will be subject to
           various rules on consent, transfer, and security. Entities handling personal information shall bear responsibilities
           for their personal information handling activities, and adopt necessary measures to safeguard the security of
           the personal information they handle. The entities failing to comply could be ordered to correct, or suspend or
           terminate the provision of services, and face confiscation of illegal income, fines or other penalties.


154   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Artificial Intelligence
Pursuant to the Internet Information Service Algorithmic Recommendation Management Provisions, which
came into effect on March 1, 2022, algorithm recommendation service providers shall clearly inform users of
their provision of algorithm recommendation services, and make public the basic principles, intentions and main
operating mechanisms of the algorithm recommendation services. The algorithmic recommendation service
providers shall not (i) carry out any illegal activity which may endanger national security and social public interest,
disturb economic order and social order, or infringe third parties’ legal interest, or (ii) spread any information
prohibited by laws or regulations. Algorithm recommendation service providers selling goods or providing
services to consumers shall also protect consumers’ rights of fair trade, and are prohibited from carrying out
illegal conduct such as unreasonable, differentiated treatment based on consumers’ preferences, purchase
behavior or such other characteristics.


On July 10, 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China and six other regulatory authorities in the Chinese
mainland promulgated the Interim Measures for Generative Artificial Intelligence Services, which took effect
on August 15, 2023. The measures impose compliance requirements for providers of generative artificial
intelligence services to the general public within the Chinese mainland. The measures stipulate that providers
of generative artificial intelligence services related to text, image, audio, video and other content to the general
public within the Chinese mainland will be responsible as “producers of Internet information content” and
“personal information processors,” with the responsibilities specified in the Personal Information Protection
Law, the Data Security Law, the Internet Security Law, and other Chinese mainland laws and regulations related
to cybersecurity and personal information protection. Providers of generative artificial intelligence services are
required to enter into service agreements with their users and adopt effective measures to prevent minor users
from over-relying upon or becoming addicted to generative artificial intelligence services. In addition, providers
of generative artificial intelligence services that have the potential to influence public opinion or provoke social
agitation are required to conduct security assessments and complete filings in accordance with the Internet
Information Service Algorithmic Recommendation Management Provisions.


Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety
The Product Quality Law applies to all production and sale activities in China. Pursuant to this law, products
offered for sale must satisfy the applicable quality and safety standards. Enterprises may not produce or
sell counterfeit products in any fashion, including forging brand labels or giving false information regarding a
product’s manufacturer. Violations of state or industrial standards for health and safety and any other related
violations may result in civil liabilities and administrative penalties, such as compensation for damages, fines,
suspension or shutdown of business, as well as confiscation of products illegally produced and sold and the
proceeds from such sales. Severe violations may subject the responsible individual or enterprise to criminal
liabilities. Where a defective product causes physical injury to a person or damage to another person’s property,
the victim may claim compensation from the manufacturer or from the seller of the product. If the seller pays
compensation and it is the manufacturer that should bear the liability, the seller has a right of recourse against
the manufacturer. Similarly, if the manufacturer pays compensation and it is the seller that should bear the
liability, the manufacturer has a right of recourse against the seller.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023         155
      Part I (Continued)




           The Consumer Protection Law sets out the obligations of business operators and the rights and interests of the
           consumers in China. Pursuant to this law, business operators must guarantee that the commodities they sell
           satisfy the requirements for personal or property safety, provide consumers with authentic information about
           the commodities, and guarantee the quality, function, usage and term of validity of the commodities. Failure to
           comply with the Consumer Protection Law may subject business operators to civil liabilities such as refunding
           purchase prices, replacement of commodities, repairing, ceasing damages, compensation, and restoring
           reputation, and even subject the business operators or the responsible individuals to criminal penalties when
           personal damages are involved or if the circumstances are severe. The Consumer Protection Law was further
           amended in October 2013 and became effective in March 2014. The amended Consumer Protection Law further
           strengthen the protection of consumers and impose more stringent requirements and obligations on business
           operators, especially on the business operators through the internet. For example, the consumers are entitled
           to return the goods (except for certain specific goods, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable
           goods, digital products (e.g. audio-visual products, computer software downloaded online or unpacked by the
           consumer), newspapers and periodicals delivered and other goods for which non-return of goods is confirmed by
           the consumer at the time of purchase based on the characteristics of the goods,) within seven days upon receipt
           without any reasons when they purchase the goods from business operators on the internet. The consumers
           whose interests have been damaged due to their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online
           marketplace platforms may claim damages from sellers or service providers. Where the providers of the online
           marketplace platforms are unable to provide the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the sellers
           or service providers, the consumers may also claim damages from the providers of the online marketplace
           platforms. Providers of online marketplace platforms that know or should have known that sellers or service
           providers use their platforms to infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take
           necessary measures must bear joint and several liabilities with the sellers or service providers. Moreover, if
           business operators deceive consumers or knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not
           only compensate consumers for their losses, but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of
           the goods or services.


           We are subject to the Product Quality Law and the Consumer Protection Law as an online supplier of
           commodities and a provider of online marketplace platform and believe that we are currently in compliance with
           these regulations in all material aspects.


           In addition, we are subject to PRC regulations relating to operation safety. According to the Work Safety Law,
           which was effective on November 1, 2002 and most recently amended on June 10, 2021, the principal person-
           in-charge of a production and operation entity shall be the primary person responsible for the work safety
           of such entity, and the production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform
           economy shall, based on the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and
           implement a responsibility system for work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and
           training on work safety for employees.




156   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Pricing
In China, the prices of a very small number of products and services are guided or fixed by the government.
According to the Pricing Law, business operators must, as required by the government departments in charge
of pricing, mark the prices explicitly and indicate the name, origin of production, specifications, and other
related particulars clearly. Business operators may not sell products at a premium or charge any fees that are
not explicitly indicated. Business operators must not commit the specified unlawful pricing activities, such as
colluding with others to manipulate the market price, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to
transact, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators. Failure to comply with the Pricing
Law may subject business operators to administrative sanctions such as warning, ceasing unlawful activities,
compensation, confiscating illegal gains, fines. The business operators may be ordered to suspend business
for rectification, or have their business licenses revoked if the circumstances are severe. We are subject to the
Pricing Law as online retailer as well as business operator. We believe that our pricing activities are currently in
compliance with the law in all material aspects.


Regulations Relating to Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business
In May 2013, the MIIT issued the Circular regarding the Pilot Work on Implementation of Mobile
Telecommunications Resale Business and the Pilot Program on Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business,
pursuant to which private capital is encouraged to invest in the mobile telecommunications resale business.
The resale business refers to the business whereby a reseller purchases mobile telecommunications services
(excluding mobile satellite telecommunications service) from a basic telecommunications service provider who
owns a mobile network, repackages the services with its private brand and sells the services to end users.
Under the circular and the pilot program, the mobile telecommunications resale is categorized as a Class II basic
telecommunications business but managed by reference to the value-added telecommunications business. A
mobile communications reseller does not build its own wireless network, core network, transmission network
and other mobile telecommunications network infrastructures, but must build its customer service system
and may build its own business management platform, and billing, business accounting and other business
supporting systems as needed. The applicant for the mobile telecommunications resale business must be a
private company of which the private capital must account for no less than 50% of the capital and the capital
contributed by its largest shareholder must come from private capital. A mobile telecommunications reseller
is required to enter into a commercial contract for mobile telecommunications resale business with a basic
telecommunications service provider, specifying the resources for resale to mobile communications users,
division of responsibilities for service quality assurance between both parties, as well as protection of users’
rights and interests and user information. Resellers may pre-charge service fees for up to two years from users
on the condition that they provide evidence of their measures to ensure long-term services, and must abide
by the Telecommunications Regulations, the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services and
other PRC related laws and regulations. In addition, the MIIT issued the Circular of the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology on the Official Commercial Use of Mobile Communication Resale Business, pursuant
to which the mobile communication resale business will be transferred from the pilot to the formal commercial
use, and the enterprise that has already approved to be a pilot to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale
business, and intends to continue the business, the commercial contract shall be renewed in accordance with




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        157
      Part I (Continued)




           the provisions of this circular and shall apply for a renew its telecommunications business license. Jingdong
           360 has been approved to be a pilot to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale business, has renewed
           the telecommunications business license, and has cooperated with China Telecom in 60 cities and with China
           Unicom in 105 cities.


           Regulations Relating to Leasing
           Pursuant to the Law on Administration of Urban Real Estate which took effect in January 1995 with the
           latest amendment on August 26, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020, lessors and lessees are
           required to enter into a written lease contract, containing such provisions as the term of the lease, the use of
           the premises, rental price, liability for repair, and other rights and obligations of both parties. Both lessor and
           lessee are also required to file for registration and record the lease contract with the real estate administration
           department. Pursuant to implementing rules stipulated by certain provinces or cities, if the lessor and lessee fail
           to go through the registration procedures, both lessor and lessee may be subject to fines.


           According to the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021), the lessee may sublease the leased
           premises to a third party, subject to the consent of the lessor. Where the lessee subleases the premises, the
           lease contract between the lessee and the lessor remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the lease
           contract if the lessee subleases the premises without the consent of the lessor. In addition, if the ownership of
           the leased premises changes during the lessee’s possession in accordance with the terms of the lease contract,
           the validity of the lease contract shall not be affected.


           Pursuant to the PRC Civil Code, if the mortgaged property has been leased and transferred for occupation prior
           to the establishment of the mortgage right, the original tenancy shall not be affected by such mortgage right.
           According to the Interpretation of the Supreme People’s Court on Several Issues concerning the Application
           of Law in the Trial of Cases about Disputes Over Lease Contracts on Urban Buildings (2020 version), which
           took effect on January 1, 2021, if the ownership of the leased premises changes during lessee’s possession in
           accordance with the terms of the lease contract, and the lessee requests the assignee to continue to perform
           the original lease contract, the PRC court shall support it, except that the mortgage right has been established
           before the lease of the leased premises and the ownership changes due to the mortgagee’s realization of the
           mortgage right.


           Regulations Relating to Advertising Business
           The SAMR is the government agency responsible for regulating advertising activities in the PRC. According
           to PRC laws and regulations, companies that engage in advertising activities must obtain a business license
           from the SAMR or its local branches which specifically includes operating an advertising business within its
           business scope. The business license of an advertising company is valid for the duration of its existence,
           unless the license is suspended or revoked due to a violation of any law or regulation. PRC advertising laws
           and regulations set forth certain content requirements for advertisements in the PRC including, among other
           things, prohibitions on false or misleading content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing content or content
           involving obscenities, superstition, violence, discrimination or infringement of the public interest. Advertisers,
           advertising agencies, and advertising distributors are required to ensure that the content of the advertisements
           they prepare or distribute is true and in full compliance with applicable law. In providing advertising services,


158   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




advertising operators and advertising distributors must review the supporting documents provided by
advertisers for advertisements and verify that the content of the advertisements complies with applicable
PRC laws and regulations. Prior to distributing advertisements that are subject to government censorship
and approval, advertising distributors are obligated to verify that such censorship has been performed and
approval has been obtained. The release or delivery of advertisements through the internet must not impair
the normal use of the network by users. The advertisements released in pop-up form on a webpage and other
forms must show the close flag prominently and ensure one-click close. Violation of these regulations may
result in penalties, including fines, confiscation of advertising income, orders to cease dissemination of the
advertisements and orders to eliminate the effect of illegal advertisement. In circumstances involving serious
violations, the SAMR or its local branches may revoke the violators’ licenses or permits for their advertising
business operations.


In July 2016, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce issued the Interim Measures for the
Administration of Internet Advertising to regulate internet advertising activities. On February 25, 2023, the
SAMR released the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, which came into effect from May 1, 2023
and replaced Interim Measures for the Administration of Internet Advertising. The Administrative Measures for
Internet Advertising set out, among other things, the following requirements for Internet advertising activities:


•    online advertisements for tobacco (including e-cigarettes) are not allowed, and online advertisements for
     prescription medicine are not allowed unless otherwise permitted by laws and regulations;


•    online advertisements for special commodities and services such as medical treatments, pharmaceuticals,
     medical devices, agrochemicals, veterinary medicine, health foods and food for special medical purposes
     must be reviewed by competent authorities before online publication, and the advertisements for such
     commodities and services are not allowed to be published in the form of introducing health and wellness
     knowledge;


•    advertisements for medical treatments, pharmaceuticals, health foods, special medical purpose formula
     foods, medical devices, cosmetics, alcohol, beauty advertisements, and online game advertisements
     that are detrimental to the physical and mental health of minors shall not be published on Internet media
     targeted to minors;


•    Internet advertisements must be visibly marked as “advertisement” while paid-search results must be
     obviously distinguished from natural search results; and

•    if the Internet advertisements are published by means of algorithmic recommendation or other
     technologies, the rules related to algorithm recommendation services and advertising records shall be
     included in the advertising archives.

According to the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, the advertisers are responsible for the
authenticity of the content of internet advertisements, while the internet advertisement publishers and
advertisement agencies are required to establish, improve, and implement registration, review, and archive



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023      159
      Part I (Continued)




           management systems for internet advertising businesses, which include verifying and registering advertiser
           information, verifying supporting documents and advertisements content, and allocating advertising review
           personnel familiar with advertising laws and regulations or establish advertising review bodies.

           In addition, the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising require internet platform operators providing
           internet information services to take measures to prevent and stop illegal advertisements, which include
           recording and storing the real identity information of users who publish advertisements for at least three
           years, monitoring and investigating the content of advertisements, and employing measures to stop illegal
           advertisements. Internet platform operators are also required to establish effective complaint and reporting
           mechanisms, cooperate with market regulatory departments in investigating illegal conduct, and use measures
           such as warnings, suspending or terminating services for users who publish illegal advertisements.

           Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property Rights
           The PRC has adopted comprehensive legislation governing intellectual property rights, including copyrights,
           patents, trademarks and domain names.

           Copyright
           Copyright in the PRC is principally protected under the Copyright Law of the PRC and its implementation rules.
           Reproducing, distributing, performing, projecting, broadcasting or compiling a work or communicating the
           same to the public via an information network without permission from the owner of the copyright therein,
           unless otherwise provided in the Copyright Law of the PRC and related rules and regulations, shall constitute
           infringements of copyrights. The infringer shall, according to the circumstances of the case, undertake to cease
           the infringement, take remedial action, and offer an apology, pay damages, etc. In addition, the Regulations on
           the Protection of Rights to Information Network Communication promulgated by the State Council on May 18,
           2006 (as amended in 2013), provides specific rules on fair use, statutory license, and a safe harbor for use of
           copyrights and copyright management technology and specifies the liabilities of various entities for violations,
           including copyright holders, libraries and internet service providers.

           Patent
           The Patent Law provides for three types of patents, “invention,” “utility model” and “design.” Invention or
           utility models must meet three criteria to be patentable: novelty, inventiveness and practicability. The National
           Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for examining and approving patent applications. As of
           December 31, 2023, we had approximately 7,800 patents granted in China, over 600 patents granted outside
           China, approximately 11,000 patent applications pending in China and approximately 1,000 patent applications
           pending outside China.

           Trademark
           The Trademark Law and its implementation rules protect registered trademarks. The PRC Trademark Office of
           National Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for the registration and administration of trademarks
           throughout the PRC. The Trademark Law has adopted a “first-to-file” principle with respect to trademark
           registration. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 37,000 registered trademarks in different
           applicable trademark categories in different jurisdictions, approximately 38,000 trademark applications in China
           and over 7,000 outside China.


160   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Domain Name
Domain names are protected under the Administrative Measures on the Internet Domain Names promulgated
by the MIIT. The MIIT is the major regulatory body responsible for the administration of the PRC internet domain
names, under supervision of which the CNNIC is responsible for the daily administration of .cn domain names and
Chinese domain names. CNNIC adopts the “first to file” principle with respect to the registration of domain names.
In November 2017, the MIIT promulgated the Notice of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on
Regulating the Use of Domain Names in Providing Internet-based Information Services, which became effective on
January 1, 2018. Pursuant to the notice, the domain name used by an internet-based information service provider
in providing internet-based information services must be registered and owned by such provider in accordance
with the law. If the internet-based information service provider is an entity, the domain name registrant must be
the entity (or any of the entity’s shareholders), or the entity’s principal or senior manager. We have registered
jd.com, jdl.cn, jdhealth.com, 360buy.com, 360buy.cn, 360buy.com.cn and other domain names.

Regulations Relating to Employment
The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules provide requirements concerning employment contracts
between an employer and its employees. If an employer fails to enter into a written employment contract
with an employee within one year from the date on which the employment relationship is established, the
employer must rectify the situation by entering into a written employment contract with the employee and
pay the employee twice the employee’s salary for the period from the day following the lapse of one month
from the date of establishment of the employment relationship to the day prior to the execution of the written
employment contract. The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules also require compensation to be paid
upon certain terminations, which significantly affects the cost of reducing workforce for employers. In addition,
if an employer intends to enforce a non-compete provision with an employee in an employment contract or
non-competition agreement, it has to compensate the employee on a monthly basis during the term of the
restriction period after the termination or ending of the labor contract. Employers in most cases are also required
to provide a severance payment to their employees after their employment relationships are terminated.

Enterprises in China are required by PRC laws and regulations to participate in certain employee benefit plans,
including social insurance funds, namely a pension plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance
plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a housing provident fund, and
contribute to the plans or funds in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and
allowances, of the employees as specified by the local government from time to time at locations where they
operate their businesses or where they are located. According to the Social Insurance Law, an employer that
fails to make social insurance contributions may be ordered to pay the required contributions within a stipulated
deadline and be subject to a late fee. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make social insurance
contributions within the stipulated deadline, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three times the
amount overdue. According to the Regulations on Management of Housing Fund, an enterprise that fails to
make housing fund contributions may be ordered to rectify the noncompliance and pay the required contributions
within a stipulated deadline; otherwise, an application may be made to a local court for compulsory enforcement.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        161
      Part I (Continued)




           Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A
           On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of Commerce and
           the CSRC, jointly promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign
           Investors, a new regulation with respect to the mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises by foreign
           investors that became effective on September 8, 2006 and revised on June 22, 2009. Foreign investors shall
           comply with the M&A rules when they purchase equity interests of a domestic company or subscribe for
           the increased capital of a domestic company, and thus changing the nature of the domestic company into a
           foreign- invested enterprise; or when the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC
           for the purpose of purchasing the assets of a domestic company and operating the asset; or when the foreign
           investors purchase the asset of a domestic company, establish a foreign-invested enterprise by injecting such
           assets, and operate the assets.


           On July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities
           Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration
           over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed
           to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and
           incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies.


           On February 17, 2023, the CSRC, as approved by the State Council, released the Trial Measures. According
           to the Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly offer or list
           their securities in an overseas market, are required to file with the CSRC. Specifically, the securities under
           the Trial Measures refer to stocks, depositary receipts, convertible corporate bonds, exchangeable bonds and
           other equity-linked securities to be issued and offered in overseas markets by domestic companies directly or
           indirectly, while a direct offering and listing refers to the overseas offering and listing of a joint-stock company
           incorporated in the Chinese mainland, and an indirect offering and listing refers to the overseas offering and
           listing of a domestic company which conducts its business operations primarily in the Chinese mainland, in
           the name of an offshore company and based on the underlying equities, assets, earnings or similar interests
           of the domestic company. In particular, the determination of an indirect offering and listing will be conducted
           on a “substance over form” basis, and an offering and listing should be considered as an indirect overseas
           offering and listing by a domestic company if the issuer meets both of the following conditions: (i) any of the
           revenue, profits, total assets or net assets of such domestic company in the most recent financial year account
           for more than 50% of the corresponding data in the issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for
           the same period; and (ii) the majority of its business operations are conducted in the Chinese mainland or its
           principal place of business is located in the Chinese mainland, or the majority of senior management in charge
           of business operations are Chinese citizens or have domicile in the Chinese mainland. According to the Trial
           Measures, an overseas offering and listing is prohibited under any of the following circumstances: (i) if the
           intended securities offering and listing is specifically prohibited by the laws, administrative regulations and
           provisions; (ii) if the intended securities offering and listing may constitute a threat to or endangers national
           security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council in accordance with law;
           (iii) the domestic companies or their controlling shareholders or actual controllers have committed corruption,




162   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property, or other criminal offenses disruptive to the order of the
socialist market economy in the past three years; (iv) the domestic companies are currently under investigations
in connection with suspicion of having committed criminal offenses or material violations of applicable laws
and regulations, and there is still no explicit conclusion; (v) there are material ownership disputes over the
shareholdings held by the controlling shareholder or the shareholder under the control of the controlling
shareholder or the actual controllers. According to the Trial Measures, the issuer or its affiliated domestic
company, as the case may be, is required to file with the CSRC (i) with respect to its initial public offering
and listing and its subsequent securities offering in an overseas market different from the market where it
has listed, within three business days after its submission of listing application documents to the regulator in
the place of intended listing, (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering in the same overseas market where it
has listed (including issuance of any corporate convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other equity-linked
securities, but excluding the offering for employees incentive, dividend distribution by shares and share split),
within three business days after completion of such follow-on offering, (iii) with respect to listing by means of
single or multiple acquisitions, share swap, transfers of shares and similar transactions, within three business
days after its initial filing of the listing application or the first public announcement of the transaction, as case
may be. Failure to comply with the filing requirements may result in an order of rectification, a warning and fines
up to RMB10 million to the non-compliant domestic companies, and the directly responsible persons of the
companies will be warned and fined between RMB500,000 and RMB5 million. Furthermore, if the controlling
shareholder and the actual controller of the non-compliant companies organizes or instigates the breach, they
will be fined between RMB1 million and RMB10 million. In addition to above filing requirements, the Filings
Rules also requires an issuer to report to the CSRC within three business days after occurrence of any the
following events: (i) its change of control; (ii) its being subject to investigation or sanctions by any overseas
securities regulators or overseas authorities; (iii) its change of listing status or listing segment; (iv) voluntary or
mandatory delisting; and (v) material change of its principal business operations to the extent that it ceases to be
subject to the filing requirements of the Trial Measures.


Regulations Relating to Anti-Monopoly
The currently effective Anti-Monopoly Law was promulgated by Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress in 2007 and most recently amended on June 24, 2022. Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the
operators of a concentration of undertakings which reaches the standard for declaration shall make an advance
declaration to the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement authority under the State Council. The fines for illegal
concentration of business operators shall be “no more than ten percent of its preceding year’s sales revenue if
the concentration of business operator has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine
of up to RMB5 million if the concentration of business operator does not have an effect of excluding or limiting
competition.” Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the authority may require the operators to make a declaration
where there is evidence that the concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting
competition, even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold.


On February 7, 2021, the Anti-Monopoly Committee of the State Council promulgated the Anti-Monopoly
Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector which stipulates that any concentration of undertakings
involving variable interest entities shall fall within the scope of antimonopoly review. Furthermore, the




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023         163
      Part I (Continued)




           Guidelines to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Internet Platforms prohibit certain monopolistic acts of internet
           platforms so as to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users and undertakings participating
           in internet platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms with dominant position from
           abusing their market dominance (such as discriminating customers in terms of pricing and other transactional
           conditions using big data and analytics, coercing counterparties into exclusivity arrangements, using technology
           means to block competitors’ interface, favorable positioning in search results of goods displays, using bundle
           services to sell services or products, compulsory collection of unnecessary user data). On August 17, 2021, the
           SAMR issued the Provisions on Prohibition of Unfair Competition on the Internet (Draft for Comments), which
           prohibits business operators from using data, algorithms and other technical means to commit traffic hijacking,
           interference, malicious incompatibility and other improprieties to influence user choices or hinder or damage the
           normal operation of network products or services offered by other business operators.


           Regulations Relating to PRC Value Added Tax
           On March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly issued the Circular
           on the Pilot Program for Overall Implementation of the Collection of Value Added Tax Instead of Business Tax,
           which took effect on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to this circular, all of the companies operating in construction,
           real estate, finance, modern service or other sectors which were required to pay business tax are required to
           pay VAT, in lieu of business tax. The VAT rate is 6%, except for rate of 11% for real estate sale, land use right
           transferring and providing service of transportation, postal sector, basic telecommunications, construction, real
           estate lease; rate of 17% for providing lease service of tangible property; and rate of zero for specific cross-bond
           activities.


           On April 4, 2018, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly promulgated the Circular
           of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration on Adjustment of Value-Added Tax Rates,
           according to which, (i) for VAT taxable sales or importation of goods originally subject to value-added tax rates
           of 17% and 11% respectively, such tax rates shall be adjusted to 16% and 10%, respectively; (ii) for purchase
           of agricultural products originally subject to deduction rate of 11%, such deduction rate shall be adjusted to
           10%; (iii) for purchase of agricultural products for the purpose of production and sales or consigned processing
           of goods subject to tax rate of 16%, the input VAT will be calculated at a 12% deduction rate; (iv) for exported
           goods originally subject to tax rate of 17% and export tax refund rate of 17%, the export tax refund rate shall
           be adjusted to 16%; and (v) for exported goods and cross-border taxable acts originally subject to tax rate
           of 11% and export tax refund rate of 11%, the export tax refund rate shall be adjusted to 10%. This circular
           became effective on May 1, 2018 and shall supersede any previously existing provisions in the case of any
           inconsistency.


           Further, On March 20, 2019, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration and the General
           Administration of Customs jointly issued the Announcement on Policies for Deepening the VAT Reform, to
           further slash value-added tax rates. According to this announcement, (i) for general VAT payers’ sales activities
           or imports that are subject to VAT at an existing applicable rate of 16% or 10%, the applicable VAT rate is
           adjusted to 13% or 9% respectively; (ii) for the agricultural products purchased by taxpayers to which an
           existing 10% deduction rate is applicable, the deduction rate is adjusted to 9%; (iii) for the agricultural products
           purchased by taxpayers for production or commissioned processing, which are subject to VAT at 13%, the


164   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




input VAT will be calculated at a 10% deduction rate; (iv) for the exportation of goods or labor services that are
subject to VAT at 16%, with the applicable export refund at the same rate, the export refund rate is adjusted
to 13%; (v) for the exportation of goods or cross-border taxable activities that are subject to VAT at 10%, with
the export refund at the same rate, the export refund rate is adjusted to 9%; and (vi) for taxpayers providing
production and living services, the deductible input VAT amount for the current period shall be added additional
10% based on the actual input VAT amount. This announcement came into effect on April 1, 2019 and shall
be prevail in case of any conflict with existing provisions. On September 30, 2019, the Ministry of Finance and
the State Taxation Administration jointly issued the Announcement on Clarifying the VAT Additional Deduction
Policy for the Living Services, pursuant to which, from October 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, the taxpayers
engaging in providing living services are allowed to deduct additional 15% of the deductible input VAT amount
for the current period from the payable tax. For aforementioned taxpayers providing production and living
services relating to Announcement on Policies for Deepening the VAT Reform and Announcement on Clarifying
the VAT Additional Deduction Policy for the Living Services, the input VAT additional deduction policies is further
extended to December 31, 2022 according to the regulations. From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, the
VAT Additional Deduction policy is implemented in accordance with the following provisions: (i). Taxpayers in
the productive service industry are allowed to add 5% of the current deductible input tax to offset the taxable
amount; (ii). Taxpayers in the lifestyle service industry are allowed to deduct 10% of the current deductible input
tax to offset the taxable amount.


Regulations Relating to Dividend Withholding Tax
Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set
up an organization or establishment in the PRC, or has set up an organization or establishment but the income
derived has no actual connection with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding
tax on its PRC-sourced income at a rate of 10%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between the Chinese mainland
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on
Income, the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong
enterprise is reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10% if the Hong Kong enterprise directly holds at least 25%
of the PRC enterprise. Pursuant to the Notice of the State Taxation Administration on the Issues concerning
the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements, if the PRC tax authorities determine, in their
discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that
is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. Furthermore, the
Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Taxpayer to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties, which became
effective in November 2015, require that non-resident enterprises which satisfy the criteria for entitlement to tax
treaty benefits may, at the time of tax declaration or withholding declaration through a withholding agent, enjoy
the tax treaty benefits, and be subject to ongoing administration by the tax authorities. In the case where the
non-resident enterprises do not apply to the withholding agent to claim the tax treaty benefits, or the materials
and the information stated in the reports and statements provided to the withholding agent do not satisfy
the criteria for entitlement to tax treaty benefits, the withholding agent should withhold tax pursuant to the
provisions of the PRC tax laws. The State Taxation Administration issued the Announcement of State Taxation
Administration on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures on Non-resident Taxpayers Enjoying Treaty
Benefits, or STA Circular 35, on October 14, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020. STA Circular
35 further simplified the procedures for enjoying treaty benefits and replaced the Administrative Measures for


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        165
      Part I (Continued)




           Non-Resident Taxpayer to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties. According to STA Circular 35, no approvals
           from the tax authorities are required for a non-resident taxpayer to enjoy treaty benefits, where a nonresident
           taxpayer self-assesses and concludes that it satisfies the criteria for claiming treaty benefits, it may enjoy treaty
           benefits at the time of tax declaration or at the time of withholding through the withholding agent, but it shall
           gather and retain the materials as required for future inspection, and accept follow-up administration by the tax
           authorities. There are also other conditions for enjoying the reduced withholding tax rate according to other
           tax rules and regulations. According to the Circular on Several Issues regarding the “Beneficial Owner” in Tax
           Treaties, or Circular 9, which was issued on February 3, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration, effective as
           of April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant’s status of the “beneficial owner” regarding tax treatments in
           connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax treaties, several factors, including without limitation,
           whether the applicant is obligated to pay more than 50% of its income in twelve months to residents in third
           country or region, whether the business operated by the applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and
           whether the counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does not levy any tax or grant tax exemption on
           the incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate, will be taken into account, and it will be analyzed according
           to the actual circumstances of the specific cases. This circular further provides that applicants who intend to
           prove his or her status of the “beneficial owner” shall submit the documents to the tax bureau according to the
           Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties. Accordingly,
           JD.com International Limited may be able to enjoy the 5% withholding tax rate for the dividends it received
           from Jingdong Century, if it satisfies the conditions prescribed under Notice of the State Taxation Administration
           on the Issues concerning the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements and other tax rules and
           regulations, and obtains the approvals as required. However, if the tax authorities consider the transactions or
           arrangements we have are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the tax authorities may
           adjust the favorable withholding tax in the future.


           Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange
           The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration
           Regulations, most recently amended in August 2008. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of
           current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
           can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural
           requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required
           where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as
           the repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans.


           In August 2008, SAFE issued the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of
           the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises,
           or SAFE Circular 142, regulating the conversion by a foreign-invested enterprise of foreign currency-registered
           capital into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used. SAFE Circular 142 provides that the RMB
           capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise may only be used for
           purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable government authority and may not be used for
           equity investments within the PRC. SAFE also strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the RMB capital
           converted from foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises. The use of such RMB capital




166   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




may not be changed without SAFE’s approval, and such RMB capital may not in any case be used to repay RMB
loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been used. In March 2015, SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming
the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprise, which
took effect and replaced SAFE Circular 142 from June 1, 2015. According to Circular 19, the foreign exchange
capital of foreign-invested enterprises shall be subject to the Discretionary Foreign Exchange Settlement,
which means that the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which
the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been confirmed by the local foreign exchange bureau
(or the book-entry registration of monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at the banks based on
the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise, and if a foreign-invested enterprise needs to
make further payment from such account, it still needs to provide supporting documents and proceed with the
review process with the banks. Furthermore, Circular 19 stipulates that the use of capital by foreign-invested
enterprises shall follow the principles of authenticity and self-use within the business scope of enterprises.
The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and capital in Renminbi obtained by the foreign-invested enterprise
from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used
for payments beyond the business scope of the enterprises or payments as prohibited by the laws and
regulations (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by the laws and
regulations (iii) directly or indirectly used for granting entrust loans in Renminbi (unless permitted by the scope
of business), repaying inter-enterprise borrowings (including advances by the third-party) or repaying the bank
loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to third parties or (iv) directly or indirectly used for expenses related
to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises).
In November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment which substantially amends and simplifies the current
foreign exchange procedure. Pursuant to this circular, the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange
accounts (e.g. pre-establishment expenses account, foreign exchange capital account, guarantee account), the
reinvestment of lawful incomes derived by foreign investors in the PRC (e.g. profit, proceeds of equity transfer,
capital reduction, liquidation and early repatriation of investment), and purchase and remittance of foreign
exchange as a result of capital reduction, liquidation, early repatriation or share transfer in a foreign-invested
enterprise no longer require SAFE approval, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity may be opened in
different provinces, which was not possible before. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and
Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign
Investors and the Supporting Documents in May 2013, which specifies that the administration by SAFE or its
local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way of registration
and banks shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the
registration information provided by SAFE and its branches.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        167
      Part I (Continued)




           In February 2015, SAFE promulgated The Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
           Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment, which took effect on June 1, 2015 and was amended
           on December 30, 2019, cancels the administrative approvals of foreign exchange registration of direct
           domestic investment and direct overseas investment and simplifies the procedure of foreign exchange-related
           registration. Pursuant to this Circular, investors should register with banks for direct domestic investment and
           direct overseas investment.


           The Circular on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital
           Account, was promulgated by SAFE on June 9, 2016 and was amended on December 4, 2023. Pursuant to
           this Circular, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to
           Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. This Circular reiterates the principle that Renminbi converted from foreign
           currency-denominated capital of a company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its
           business scope or prohibited by PRC Laws, while such converted Renminbi shall not be provided as loans to its
           non-affiliated entities.


           In October 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Notice for Further Advancing the Facilitation of Cross-border Trade
           and Investment (amended on December 4, 2023), which, among other things, allows all FIEs to use Renminbi
           converted from foreign currency denominated capital for equity investments in the Chinese mainland, as long
           as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies with the negative list on
           foreign investment. The Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the
           Stabilization of Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment jointly promulgated by the People’s Bank of China, the
           NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
           the State Council, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020
           and effective on February 4, 2021 allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic
           reinvestment with RMB capital in accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing
           regulations and the invested projects in the Chinese mainland are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a
           foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the
           invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit account for RMB capital.


           According to the Circular of the State Administration for Foreign Exchange on Optimizing Foreign Exchange
           Administration to Support the Development of Foreign-related Business, promulgated and effective on April 10,
           2020 by the SAFE, the reform of facilitating the payments of incomes under the capital accounts shall be
           promoted nationwide. Under the prerequisite of ensuring true and compliant use of funds and compliance and
           complying with the prevailing administrative provisions on use of income from capital projects, enterprises
           which satisfy the criteria are allowed to use income under the capital account, such as capital funds, foreign
           debt and overseas listing, etc., for domestic payment, without the need to provide proof materials for veracity to
           the bank beforehand for each transaction.




168   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




C.   Organizational Structure
     The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the
     consolidated variable interest entities as of March 31, 2024:


                                                                                    JD.com, Inc.
                                                                               (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                               100%
                              Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                         (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                        100%

                                    100%                          63%                                                               100%                     100%                        100%             100%
                                                                                   Jingdong
                                                                                 E-Commerce                                                             JD.com                    JD Jiankang     JD Industrial
                                 JD Property                                                                                   JD.com
                                                        JD Logistics, Inc.    (Trade) Hong Kong                                                       Investment                    Limited        Technology
                               Holding Limited                                                                              International
                                                        (Cayman Islands)            Co., Ltd.                                                          Limited(5)                    (British         Limited
                               (Cayman Islands)                                                                                Limited
                                                                                 (Hong Kong)                                                         (British Virgin                  Virgin      (British Virgin
                                                                                                                            (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                        Islands)                    Islands)         Islands)


           100%                      75%                  100%                                                                              100%                                          67%             77%
                                                                                                                                           JD Sunflower
                                                         JD Logistics                                                                   Investment Limited
          JD Assets               JINGDONG                                                                                                                                          JD Health
                      (1)                               Holding Limited                                                                    (British Virgin                                         JINGDONG
       Holding Limited           Property, Inc.                                                                                                                                   International
                                                         (Hong Kong)                                                                          Islands)                                             Industrials,
       (Cayman Islands)        (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                                                         Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                    (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                     Islands)
                                    100%
                                       JD Asia
                                    Development                                                                                             51%                            100%
                                      Limited(2)
                                    (British Virgin                                                                                    Dada Nexus Limited      2%        Windcreek Limited
                                       Islands)                                                                                         (Cayman Islands)               (British Virgin Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Offshore

                  100%                                     100%                  100%                                                                                                                  Onshore
                                                                                                             100%            100%
                                                                                  Shanghai            Jiangsu Huiji        Beijing Jingdong
                                                        Xi’an Jingxundi         Shengdayuan
             Jingdong Logistics                                                                           Space             Century Trade
                                                         Supply Chain                                                                                      Beijing Jingdong 360
                Supply Chain                                                     Information          Technology               Co., Ltd.(4)
                                                      Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                 Degree E-Commerce
                  Co., Ltd.                                                      Technology              Co., Ltd.           (“Jingdong
                                                      (”Xi’an Jingxundi”)                                                                               Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                                                   Co., Ltd.                                   Century”)
                                                                                 (”Shanghai
                                                                               Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                         100%
                                                                                                                             100%
                                                         Xi’an Jingdong            Suqian
                                                      Xincheng Information        Hanbang                                • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                       Technology Co., Ltd.      Investment           Suqian Juhe          Information
                                                         (”Xi’an Jingdong       Management          Digital Enterprise     Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                           Xincheng”)(3)           Co., Ltd.      Management Co., Ltd.   • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                   (“Suqian Juhe”)(3)      Shangke Information
                                                          100%
                                                                                                                           Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                        Beijing Jingbangda                                               • Chongqing Jingdong
                                                          Trade Co., Ltd.                                                  Haijia E-Commerce
                                                         (”Jingbangda”)                                                    Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                                                                  Bangneng Investment    • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                                  Management Co., Ltd.     Information Technology
                                                                                                   (”Jiangsu Jingdong      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Bangneng”)(3)




                                                                                                    Jiangsu Yuanzhou
                                                                                                    E-Commerce Co.,
                                                                                                      Ltd. (”Jiangsu
                                                                                                       Yuanzhou”)(3)
                  Equity interest

                  Contractual arrangements




     Notes:

     (1)      JD Assets Holding Limited has 65 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.

     (2)      JD Asia Development Limited has 499 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.

     (3)      Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe are the significant consolidated
              variable interest entities with which we have contractual arrangements. Suqian Juhe is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu,
              30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
              and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang.
              Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief
              executive officer of JD Technology, a significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.


                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023                    169
      Part I (Continued)




           (4)   Jingdong Century has 269 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.

           (5)   JD.com Investment Limited has 79 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.

           *     The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


           The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
           Foreign ownership of certain of our businesses including value-added telecommunication services is subject to
           restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. For example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more
           than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication service provider (excluding e-commerce,
           domestic multi-party communications, data collection and transmission services and call centers) and the
           main foreign investor in the foreign invested telecommunication enterprise must have experience in providing
           value-added telecommunications services overseas and maintain a good track record.


           JD.com, Inc. is a Cayman Islands exempted company and its PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-invested
           enterprises. Accordingly, none of these PRC subsidiaries is eligible to provide value-added telecommunication
           services or provide certain other restricted services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery
           services. As a result, we conduct or will conduct such business activities through the consolidated variable interest
           entities and their subsidiaries in PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and its
           subsidiary Jingbangda, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe. Jingdong 360 holds our ICP license as an
           internet information provider and primarily engages in our online marketplace business. Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
           primarily provides courier services through Jingbangda and its subsidiaries. Jiangsu Yuanzhou primarily engages in
           the business of selling books, audio and video products. Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng primarily engages in business
           of investment management. Suqian Juhe primarily provides enterprise management services.


           Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45%
           owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Suqian Juhe
           is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang
           Zhang. In September 2022, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, who used to be a shareholder of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng at the time, entered into equity transfer
           agreement and transferred 45% of the equity interests in these variable interest entities to Mr. Qin Miao.
           Therefore, Mr. Qin Miao, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang have become the shareholders of these variable
           interest entities. Due to the change of one of the shareholders, we terminated prior contractual arrangements
           with Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, and entered
           into a new series of contractual arrangements having terms and conditions substantially the same as the prior
           contractual arraignments with these variable interest entities. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of
           board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of
           JD Technology, a significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.
           Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, Mr. Miao, Ms. Li and Ms. Zhang are PRC citizens.


           We obtained control over Jingdong 360 through Jingdong Century in April 2007 by entering into a series of
           contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, which we refer to as
           the Jingdong 360 Agreements. The Jingdong 360 Agreements were subsequently amended and restated. In



170   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Jingdong 360, a new set of contractual arrangements
were entered into among Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360. We have
been the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360 since April 2007. We treat Jingdong 360 as the variable interest
entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.


We obtained control over Jiangsu Yuanzhou through Jingdong Century by commitments among the then
shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Century at the time Jiangsu Yuanzhou was established.
Jingdong Century entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Jiangsu Yuanzhou and its shareholders
in April 2011, which we refer to as the Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements. The Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements
were subsequently amended and restated. In September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Jiangsu
Yuanzhou, a new set of contractual arrangements were entered into among shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
and Shanghai Shengdayuan. We have been the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Yuanzhou since September
2010. We treat Jiangsu Yuanzhou as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our
consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


We obtained control over Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng through Xi’an Jingxundi in June 2017 by entering into a series
of contractual arrangements with Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.
On January 25, 2021, these contractual arrangements were updated and replaced by a new set of contractual
arrangements with Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng to comply with
certain requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which we refer to as the Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
Agreements. In September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, a new
set of contractual arrangements were entered into among Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the
shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng. We have been the primary beneficiary of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
since June 2017. We treat Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its
financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


We obtained control over Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng initially through Jingdong Century by entering into a
series of contractual arrangements with Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng, which we refer to as the Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements. In September 2022, due to a
change in the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, a new set of contractual arrangements were entered
into among Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng. We have been the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and treat Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


We obtained control over Suqian Juhe through Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. by entering into a series
of contractual arrangements with Suqian Juhe and the shareholders of Suqian Juhe, which we refer to as the
Suqian Juhe Agreements. We have been the primary beneficiary of Suqian Juhe and treat Suqian Juhe as the
variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        171
      Part I (Continued)




           In addition to the significant consolidated variable interest entities above, we assisted in establishing additional
           consolidated variable interest entities, such as Suqian Jingdong Tianning. We have entered into a series of
           contractual arrangements with each of these variable interest entities and their respective shareholders.

           The contractual arrangements relating to the consolidated variable interest entities allow us to:


           •     receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the consolidated variable interest entities; and


           •     have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the consolidated variable interest
                 entities when and to the extent permitted by PRC law.

           There are certain risks involved in our corporate structure and the contractual arrangements. A detailed discussion
           of material risks relating to our Contractual Arrangements is set forth in the section headed “Key Information —
           Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.” We have determined that the costs of insurance for
           the risks associated with our corporate structure and the difficulties associated with acquiring such insurance on
           commercially reasonable terms make it impractical for us to have such insurance. Accordingly, as of December
           31, 2023, we did not purchase any insurance to cover the risks relating to the contractual arrangements.


           We have consolidated the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in
           our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The external revenues of the consolidated
           variable interest entities and their subsidiaries collectively contributed 6.2%, 6.9% and 7.8% of our consolidated
           total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.

           In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel:


           •     the ownership structures of the consolidated variable interest entities and the PRC subsidiaries that have
                 entered into contractual arrangements with the variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, will
                 not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect; and


           •     the contractual arrangements among the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable
                 interest entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, binding and enforceable,
                 and will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.

           However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are substantial uncertainties regarding
           the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules. Accordingly, the PRC
           regulatory authorities may in the future take a view that is contrary to the above opinion of our PRC legal counsel.
           We have been further advised by our PRC counsel that if the PRC government finds that the agreements that
           establish the structure for operating our online retail and marketplace business do not comply with PRC government
           restrictions on foreign investment in e-commerce and related businesses, including online retail and marketplace
           businesses, we could be subject to severe penalties including being prohibited from continuing operations. See
           “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines
           that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not
           comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the
           future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.”

172   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Contractual Arrangements with the Significant Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
The Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu
Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Juhe Agreements are substantially similar in key aspects governing
the contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity. The following is a summary of these agreements
currently in effect.


Agreements that Provide Us with Control
Equity Pledge Agreements
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360
entered into an equity pledge agreement, pursuant to which each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 has
pledged all of his equity interest in Jingdong 360 to guarantee their and Jingdong 360’s performance of
his obligations under, where applicable, the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and power of attorney. If Jingdong 360 or the shareholders
of Jingdong 360 breach their contractual obligations under these agreements, Jingdong Century, as pledgee,
will have the right to dispose of the pledged equity interests. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that,
during the term of the equity pledge agreements, they will not dispose of the pledged equity interests or
create or allow any encumbrance on the pledged equity interests, and they also agree that Jingdong Century’s
rights relating to the equity pledge should not be prejudiced by the legal actions of the shareholders, their
successors or their designates. During the term of the equity pledge agreements, Jingdong Century has the
right to receive all of the dividends and profits distributed on the pledged equity. The equity pledge agreements
will terminate on the second anniversary of the date when Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360
have completed all their obligations under the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and powers of attorney.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and each of the shareholders of Jiangsu
Yuanzhou entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended
and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and each of the shareholders of
Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar
to the amended and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., Suqian Juhe and each of the shareholders of
Suqian Juhe entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the
amended and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng entered into a share pledge agreement, pursuant to which the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng will pledge as first charge all of their respective equity interests in Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng to Xi’an
Jingxundi as collateral security for any or all of their payments due to Xi’an Jingxundi and to secure performance
of their obligations under the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive option agreement, the
loan agreement, the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreement and the powers of attorney.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        173
      Part I (Continued)




           We have completed the registration of the equity pledge for substantially all the consolidated variable interest
           entities with the relevant office of the administration for market regulation.


           Powers of Attorney
           On September 16, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 granted an irrevocable power of attorney
           to replace the irrevocable powers of attorney previously executed. Pursuant to the irrevocable power of
           attorney, each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 appointed Jingdong Century’s designated person as his
           attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder rights, including voting on their behalf on all matters of Jingdong 360
           requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the shareholder’s equity interest in Jingdong 360, and
           electing, appointing or removing directors and executive officers. The person designated by Jingdong Century is
           entitled to dispose of dividends and profits on the equity interest subject to the instructions of the shareholder.
           Each power of attorney will remain in force for so long as the shareholder remains a shareholder of Jingdong
           360. Each shareholder has waived all the rights which have been authorized to Jingdong Century’s designated
           person under each power of attorney.


           On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou granted an irrevocable power of
           attorney in replacement of the irrevocable powers of attorney previously executed. The powers of attorney
           contain terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360
           described above.


           On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng granted an irrevocable power
           of attorney to Shanghai Shengdayuan, which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney
           granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.


           On June 22, 2020, each of the shareholders of Suqian Juhe granted an irrevocable power of attorney to Jiangsu
           Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney granted
           by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng entered into a shareholder’s rights entrustment agreement, and each of the shareholders of
           Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng executed the irrevocable power of attorney on the same date, pursuant to which
           the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng appointed Xi’an Jingxundi or a director of its offshore holding
           company or his or her successor (including a liquidator replacing Xi’an Jingxundi’s director) as their exclusive
           agent and attorney to act on their behalf on all matters concerning Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and to exercise
           all of its rights as a registered shareholder of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng. As a result of the shareholders’
           rights entrustment agreement and the powers of attorney, we, through Xi’an Jingxundi, are able to exercise
           management control over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Xi’an
           Jingdong Xincheng.


           Agreements that Allow Us to Receive Economic Benefits
           Exclusive Technology Consulting and Service Agreement/Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century and Jingdong 360 entered into an exclusive technology consulting
           and services agreement, which supersedes the version entered into in June 2016. Pursuant to the 2022
174   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




agreement, Jingdong Century has the sole and exclusive right to provide specified technology consulting and
services to Jingdong 360. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may not accept
the same or similar technology consulting and services provided by any third party during the term of the
agreement. All the benefits and interests generated from the agreement, including intellectual property rights,
know-how and trade secrets, will be Jingdong Century’s sole and exclusive rights. Jingdong 360 agrees to pay
service fees to Jingdong Century on a quarterly basis and the amount of the service fee is decided by Jingdong
Century on the basis of the work performed and commercial value of the services, subject to annual evaluation
and adjustment. The agreement is valid for ten years and may be extended unilaterally by Jingdong Century
with Jingdong Century’s written confirmation prior to the expiration date. Jingdong 360 cannot terminate the
agreement early unless Jingdong Century commits fraud, gross negligence or illegal acts, or becomes bankrupt
or winds up.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Yuanzhou entered into an exclusive technology
consulting and services agreement, which supersedes the version entered into in June 2016. The 2022
agreement between Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Yuanzhou contains terms substantially similar to the
exclusive technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. and Suqian Juhe entered into an exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi and Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng entered into an exclusive business
cooperation agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng agrees to engage Xi’an Jingxundi as its
exclusive provider of business support, technical and consulting services in exchange for service fees. Under
these arrangements, the service fees, subject to Xi’an Jingxundi’s adjustment, are equal to all of the net profit
of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and its subsidiaries. Xi’an Jingxundi enjoys all the economic benefits derived from
the businesses of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and bears the relevant portion of the business risks of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng. If Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng runs into financial deficit or suffers severe operation difficulties, Xi’an
Jingxundi will provide financial support to Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.


Business Operations Agreement
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century entered into a business operations agreement with Jingdong
360 and its shareholders. Pursuant to the business operations agreement, Jingdong 360’s shareholders
must appoint the candidates nominated by Jingdong Century to be the directors on its board of directors in
accordance with applicable laws and the articles of association of Jingdong 360, and must cause the persons
recommended by Jingdong Century to be appointed as its general manager, chief financial officer and other
senior executives. Jingdong 360 and its shareholders also agree to accept and strictly follow the guidance




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        175
      Part I (Continued)




           provided by Jingdong Century from time to time relating to employment, termination of employment, daily
           operations and financial management. Moreover, Jingdong 360 and its shareholders agree that Jingdong 360
           will not engage in any transactions that could materially affect its assets, business, personnel, liabilities, rights
           or operations, including the incurrence of debt from any third party and the amendment of Jingdong 360’s
           articles of association, without the prior consent of Jingdong Century’s respective designees. Unless otherwise
           terminated early by Jingdong Century, the agreement will remain effective until Jingdong 360 is dissolved
           according to the PRC law.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Yuanzhou contains terms
           substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described
           above.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
           Jingdong Bangneng and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng
           contains terms substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong
           360 described above.


           On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a business operations agreement
           with Suqian Juhe and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Suqian Juhe contains terms
           substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described
           above.


           Agreements that Provide Us with the Option to Purchase the Equity Interest
           Exclusive Purchase Option Agreements
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360 entered
           into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous exclusive
           purchase option agreements. Pursuant to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement,
           the shareholders of Jingdong 360 irrevocably grant Jingdong Century an exclusive option to purchase or have
           its designated persons to purchase at its discretion, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of their
           equity interests in Jingdong 360. In addition, the purchase price should equal the amount that the shareholders
           contributed to Jingdong 360 as registered capital for the equity interest to be purchased, or be the lowest price
           permitted by applicable PRC law. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may
           not amend its articles of associate, increase or decrease the registered capital, sell or otherwise dispose of its
           assets or beneficial interest, create or allow any encumbrance on its assets or other beneficial interests, provide
           any loans for any third parties, enter into any material contract (except those contracts entered into in the
           ordinary course of business), merge with or acquire any other persons or make any investments, or distribute
           dividends to the shareholders. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that, without the prior written consent
           of Jingdong Century, they will not dispose of their equity interests in Jingdong 360 or create or allow any
           encumbrance on the equity interests. The initial term of the amended and restated exclusive purchase option
           agreement is 10 years and can be renewed for an additional 10 years on the same terms at Jingdong Century’s
           option, for an unlimited number of times.


176   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou
entered into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous
exclusive purchase option agreement. The amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement contains
terms substantially similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to
Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu
Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, which contains terms substantially
similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described
above.


On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., Suqian Juhe and the shareholders of Suqian Juhe
entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended
and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingxundi (or JD
Logistics or any subsidiary of JD Logistics, the “designee”) is granted an irrevocable and exclusive right to
purchase all of the equity interest in and/or assets of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng for a nominal price, unless the
government authorities or the PRC laws request that another amount be used as the purchase price, in which
case the purchase price shall be the lowest amount under such request. Subject to PRC laws and regulations,
the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and/or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng shall return any amount of
purchase price they have received to Xi’an Jingxundi or its designee.


Loan Agreements
Pursuant to an amended and restated loan agreement dated September 16, 2022 between Jingdong Century
and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, Jingdong Century made loans to the shareholders of Jingdong 360 for
the capitalization of Jingdong 360 and purchase of equity interest of Jingdong 360. Pursuant to the amended
and restated loan agreement, the shareholders can only repay the loans by the sale of all their equity interest
in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person. The shareholders must sell all of their equity
interests in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person and pay all of the proceeds from sale of
such equity interests or the maximum amount permitted under PRC law to Jingdong Century. In the event that
shareholders sell their equity interests to Jingdong Century or its designated person with a price equivalent to or
less than the amount of the principal, the loans will be interest free. If the price is higher than the amount of the
principal, the excess amount will be paid to Jingdong Century as the loan interest. The maturity date of the loans
is on the tenth anniversary of the date when the shareholders received the loans and paid the amount as capital
contribution to Jingdong 360. The term of the loans will be extended automatically for an additional 10 years,
unless Jingdong Century objects, for an unlimited number of times. The loan must be repaid immediately under
certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) if the shareholders terminate their services with us, (ii) if any
other third-party claims against shareholders for an amount more than RMB100,000 and Jingdong Century has
reasonable ground to believe that the shareholders are unable to repay the claimed amount, (iii) if a foreign




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         177
      Part I (Continued)




           investor is permitted to hold majority or 100% equity interest in Jingdong 360 and Jingdong Century elects to
           exercise its exclusive equity purchase option, or (iv) if the loan agreement, equity pledge agreement or exclusive
           purchase option agreement terminates for cause not attributable to Jingdong Century or is deemed to be invalid
           by a court.


           Pursuant to the amended and restated loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai
           Shengdayuan and the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Shanghai Shengdayuan made loans to the
           shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou for the capitalization of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the purchase of equity interest
           of Jiangsu Yuanzhou.


           Pursuant to the loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai Shengdayuan and the
           shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, Jingdong Century made loans to the shareholders of Jiangsu
           Jingdong Bangneng for the capitalization of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the purchase of equity interest of
           Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng.


           Pursuant to the loan agreement dated June 22, 2020 between Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. and the
           shareholders of Suqian Juhe, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. made loans to the shareholders of Suqian
           Juhe solely for the capitalization of Suqian Juhe.


           Pursuant to the loan agreement, dated September 16, 2022, between Xi’an Jingxundi and the shareholders of
           Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Xi’an Jingxundi made loans to the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng solely for
           the capitalization of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.


           Additional Contractual Arrangements
           In addition to the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
           Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Juhe Agreements, we have also entered into
           contractual arrangements with each of the other variable interest entities, including Suqian Jingdong Tianning,
           and their respective shareholders, including equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, exclusive technology
           consulting and services agreements, business operations agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements
           and loan agreements, as applicable. Our contractual agreements with these other variable interest entities
           contain terms substantially similar to those in the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements,
           Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements or Suqian Juhe Agreements, as
           applicable.


      D.   Property, Plant and Equipment
           Our national headquarters are located in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing,
           where we own office buildings with an aggregate floor area of approximately 900,000 square meters. We have
           acquired land use rights in Beijing to build our headquarters.


           In addition, we lease our other offices in Beijing and regional offices in 70 other cities in China with an aggregate
           floor area of approximately 354,000 square meters.




178   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     We own our national customer service center and our data center in Suqian, which have an aggregate floor area
     of approximately 169,000 and 54,000 square meters, respectively. We built our own customer service center in
     Chengdu, with an aggregate floor area of about 55,000 square meters, and lease our customer service centers
     in Datong and Wuhan with an aggregate floor area of approximately 41,000 square meters.


     As of December 31, 2023, we had land use rights in 69 cities in China to build our own warehouses. Highly
     automated and efficient warehouses will not only expand our ability to fulfill orders by ourselves but also
     support the third-party merchants on our online marketplace as well as a wide range of business partners in
     the ecosystem. As of December 31, 2023, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties
     and districts across China, with a network of over 1,600 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of
     over 32 million square meters. We incurred total lease cost of RMB9,545 million, RMB11,132 million and
     RMB12,275 million (US$1,729 million) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


     We plan to expand our nationwide fulfillment network by leasing, building or purchasing additional facilities
     across China over the next several years. As of December 31, 2023, we had incurred construction in progress
     costs of RMB9,920 million (US$1,397 million) for these fulfillment facilities and new office buildings.


Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in
conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this annual report.


This report contains forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Information.” In evaluating our business, you
should carefully consider the information provided under the caption “Key Information — Risk Factors” in this annual
report.


We caution you that our businesses and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.


A.   Operating Results
     Overview
     We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. Our e-commerce business includes online
     retail and online marketplace. In the online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them
     directly to our customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. In the online marketplace business,
     third-party merchants sell products to customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. We also offer
     marketing, logistics and other value-added services.


     We generated total net revenues of RMB951.6 billion, RMB1,046.2 billion and RMB1,084.7 billion (US$152.8
     billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our online retail business generated net product revenues
     of RMB815.7 billion, RMB865.1 billion and RMB871.2 billion (US$122.7 billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023,
     respectively. In addition, our marketplace and marketing, logistics and other services generated net service
     revenues of RMB135.9 billion, RMB181.2 billion and RMB213.4 billion (US$30.1 billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023,
     respectively.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023    179
      Part I (Continued)




           Due to the PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in a value-added
           telecommunications service business and certain other businesses in China, we conduct the relevant parts of
           our operations through consolidated variable interest entities. We have contractual arrangements with these
           entities and their shareholders that enable us to effectively control and receive substantially all of the economic
           benefits from the entities. Accordingly, we consolidate the results of these entities in our financial statements.


           Major Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
           Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by the general factors driving China’s retail
           industry, including levels of per capita disposable income and consumer spending in China. In addition, they
           are also affected by factors driving online retail in China, such as the growing number of online shoppers, the
           adoption of online sales strategies by manufacturers and service providers, the availability of improved delivery
           services and the increasing variety of payment options. Our results of operations are also affected by general
           economic conditions in China. In particular, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience upward
           pressure on our operating expenses.


           Our results of operations are also affected by PRC regulations and industry policies related to our business
           operations, licenses and permits and corporate structure. For example, the product quality and consumer
           protection laws require us to ensure the quality of the goods we sell and give customers the right to return
           goods within seven days of receipt with no questions asked, the labor contract law and related rules require
           employers to enter into written contracts with workers and to pay compensation to workers who are terminated
           under certain circumstances, regulations on foreign ownership and on transfer of funds into and out of China
           affect our corporate structure and financing, and regulations on business licenses affect our legal and compliance
           functions. For a summary of the principal PRC laws and regulations that affect us, see “Key Information — Risk
           Factors” and “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation.” Although we have generally
           benefited from the Chinese government’s policies to encourage economic growth, we are also affected by
           the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations governing various aspects of our operations. For
           a detailed description of the PRC regulations applicable to us, see “Information on the Company — Business
           Overview — Regulation.”


           JD.com, Inc., the holding company that is listed on Nasdaq and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, has no material
           operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated
           variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s ability to pay dividends
           to our shareholders depends in part upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries subject to compliance with
           applicable PRC regulations. Our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out
           of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
           Under PRC regulations, each of our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its
           after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50%
           of its registered capital. Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject
           to examination by the banks designated by SAFE. As of December 31, 2023, the amount restricted, including
           paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and
           regulations, was approximately RMB67.6 billion (US$9.5 billion).




180   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




While our business is influenced by general factors affecting our industry, our operating results are more directly
affected by company specific factors, including the following major factors:


•    our ability to increase customer purchases;


•    our ability to manage our mix of product and service offerings;


•    our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of business;


•    our ability to effectively invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform; and


•    our ability to conduct and manage strategic investments and acquisitions.


Our Ability to Increase Customer Purchases
Growth in customer purchases is a key driver of our revenue growth. We have a growing and loyal active
customer base. Over the years, our customers have shown loyalty to us through their increased activity levels.
Customer purchases are mainly driven by our success in generating repeat purchases from existing customer
accounts.


Our ability to attract new customer accounts and retain existing customer accounts depends on our ability
to provide superior customer experience. To this end, we offer a wide selection of authentic products at
competitive prices on our mobile apps and websites and provide speedy and reliable delivery, convenient
online and in-person payment options and comprehensive customer services. We continued to improve and
iterate system that enables us to increase our operating efficiency through enhanced product merchandising
and supply chain management capabilities, and to drive more targeted and relevant product promotions and
recommendations to our customers. We have benefited from word-of-mouth viral marketing in winning new
customers, and we also conduct online and offline marketing and brand promotion activities to attract new
customers. In addition, we encourage existing customers to place more orders with us through a variety of
means, including granting coupons and loyalty points and holding special promotions.


Our Ability to Manage Our Mix of Product and Service Offerings
Our results of operations are also affected by the mix of products and services we offer. We acquire products
from suppliers and sell them directly to customers in our online retail business, and we earn commissions and
service fees from third-party merchants on our online marketplace. We also offer a wide range of products and
services and aim to provide one-stop shopping solutions to maximize our wallet share. Our mix of products
and services affects our gross margin. For example, the marketplace service revenues that we earn from
third-party merchants and the other services that we offer generally have higher gross margins. The split
between our online retail business and our online marketplace business thus has a major influence on our
revenue growth and our gross margins. Our marketplace and marketing revenues, logistics and other services
revenues increased from RMB135.9 billion in 2021 to RMB181.2 billion in 2022, and further to RMB213.4 billion
(US$30.1 billion) in 2023.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      181
      Part I (Continued)




           We intend to further (i) expand our selection of general merchandise products, such as FMCG (fast-moving
           consumer goods), which are well received by customers and expected to have a potential for greater online
           penetration; (ii) attract more third-party merchants to our online marketplace; and (iii) provide more fulfillment
           and other value-added services to third-party merchants and others.


           Our Ability to Further Increase and Leverage our Scale of Business
           Our results of operations are directly affected by our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of
           business. We expect to leverage our scale to obtain more favorable terms from suppliers, including pricing
           terms and volume-based rebates. In addition, we aim to create value for our suppliers by providing an effective
           channel for selling large volumes of their products online and by offering them comprehensive information on
           customer preferences and market demand and ensuring the high quality of fulfillment services. We believe this
           value proposition also helps us obtain favorable terms from suppliers.


           As of December 31, 2023, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure employed a total of 425,469 warehouse
           and delivery personnel that manages this fulfillment infrastructure and the large number of orders we receive,
           process and fulfill each year. Our fulfillment expenses in absolute amount increased over 2021, 2022 and 2023,
           while the fulfillment expenses as a percentage of our total net revenues decreased from 6.2% in 2021 to 6.0%
           in 2023. Our research and development professionals design, develop and operate the technology platform,
           develop and post content, and improve our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services. Personnel costs
           are the largest component of our fulfillment costs and of our research and development costs and are likely to
           remain the largest component for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand our operations. Labor costs
           are rising in China and we strive to continue improving efficiency and utilization of our fulfillment and other
           personnel to mitigate this effect. Our fulfillment expenses and thus operational efficiency are also affected by
           the average size of orders placed by our customers.


           Our Ability to Effectively Invest in Our Fulfillment Infrastructure and Technology Platform
           Our results of operations depend in part on our ability to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology
           platform to cost-effectively meet the demands of our business operations. Our nationwide fulfillment
           infrastructure covers almost all counties and districts across China, which, as of December 31, 2023, included a
           warehousing network of over 1,600 warehouses that are operated by us, and an aggregate gross floor area of
           over 32 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse
           Platform. We have owned and managed approximately 26 million square meters of fulfillment infrastructure
           related land in 84 cities in both domestic and overseas markets as of December 31, 2023.




182   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We plan to continue to build large scale warehouse facilities with optimized configurations on these sites to
improve our fulfillment efficiency, minimize order splitting, accommodate greater product selection and fulfill the
anticipated sales of our own products as well as sales by third-party merchants using our fulfillment services.
In selecting locations for our pickup and delivery stations, order density, a parameter we use to measure the
frequency and number of orders generated from a geographical area, is an important criterion. To efficiently
deploy our delivery network, we have established delivery stations and pickup stations in areas where we
expect order density to increase to the extent where operating our own delivery network will be more cost
efficient than using third-party couriers. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform.
To enhance our technology platform, we intend to further invest in AI, big data analytics and cloud computing.
We expect these technology initiatives to provide innovative features, solutions and services to customers and
suppliers, while increasing our operational efficiency.


Our Ability to Conduct and Manage Strategic Investments and Acquisitions
We have made, and may continue to make, strategic investments and acquisitions to add assets or businesses
that are complementary to our existing business. Our financial results could be adversely affected by our
investments or acquisitions. The investments and acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial
results we expect. They could result in occurrence of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges,
and amortization expenses for other intangible assets. Moreover, we share the results of the investments
which we account for as equity method investments. In 2023, our share of results of equity investees was a
gain of RMB1.0 billion (US$0.1 billion). We may incur impairment charges in connection with our investments or
acquisitions and pick up gains or losses of our equity method investments, which could have a material impact
on our financial results.


Selected Statements of Operations Items
Net Revenues
Net revenues include net product revenues and net service revenues. Product sales is further divided into
sales of electronics and home appliances products and sales of general merchandise products. Net revenues
from electronics and home appliances products include revenues from sales of computer, communication and
consumer electronics products as well as home appliances. Net revenues from general merchandise products
mainly include revenues from sales of food, beverage and fresh produce, baby and maternity products, furniture
and household goods, cosmetics and other personal care items, pharmaceutical and healthcare products,
industrial products, books, automobile accessories, apparel and footwear, bags and jewelry. Net service




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        183
      Part I (Continued)




           revenues are further divided into revenues from online marketplace and marketing and revenues from logistics
           and other services. The following table breaks down our total net revenues by these categories, by amounts and
           as percentages of total net revenues:


                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                              2021                     2022                            2023
                                           RMB            %         RMB             %          RMB        US$            %
                                                               (in millions, except for percentages)

           Electronics and home
             appliances revenues         492,592        51.8     515,945          49.3      538,799     75,888         49.7
           General merchandise
             revenues                    323,063        33.9     349,117          33.4      332,425     46,821         30.6

           Net product revenues          815,655        85.7     865,062          82.7      871,224    122,709         80.3

           Marketplace and marketing
             revenues                     72,118         7.6      81,970           7.8       84,726     11,933          7.8
           Logistics and other service
             revenues                     63,819         6.7      99,204           9.5      128,712     18,129         11.9

           Net service revenues          135,937        14.3     181,174          17.3      213,438     30,062         19.7

           Total net revenues            951,592       100.0   1,046,236         100.0    1,084,662    152,771        100.0


           Net service revenues primarily consist of fees earned from providing marketing and logistics services to our
           business partners, and commissions earned from third-party merchants for sales made through our online
           marketplace. Currently, we recognize revenues from the third-party merchants on a net basis as we are not the
           primary obligor, we do not have control over goods sold by third-party merchants and we do not have latitude to
           establish prices for them.


           We record revenue net of discounts, return allowances and value-added taxes, or VAT.


           Cost of revenues
           Cost of revenues primarily consists of our cost for acquiring the products that we sell directly and the related
           inbound shipping charges, inventory write-downs, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services,
           and cost related to logistics services provided to third parties. The rebates and subsidies we receive from
           suppliers are treated as a reduction in the purchase price and will be recorded as a reduction in cost of revenues
           when the product is sold.




184   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating our fulfillment centers, customer
service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to buying, receiving,
inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer orders for shipment,
processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third-party couriers for dispatching
and delivering our products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery and pickup stations, and physical
stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic equipment. The costs related to logistics
services provided to third parties are classified in cost of revenues. We expect our fulfillment expenses to
increase in absolute amount on an annual basis in the near run, as we invest in new businesses, build and lease
new warehouses and establish more delivery stations to penetrate lower tier cities and to meet the demands
of our business operations. We plan to increase operation efficiency by strengthening our logistics network,
improving overall utilization through economies of scale, increasing the level of integration across our logistics
networks, and improving efficiencies through more intelligent decision-making.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and payroll
and related expenses for employees involved in marketing and business development activities. We pay
commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in successful
product sales. We plan to continue to conduct brand promotion and marketing activities to enhance our brand
recognition and attract new purchases from new and existing customers.


Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research and
development professionals involved in designing, developing and maintaining our technology platform, and
application of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology infrastructure costs.
Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation, bandwidth and data center
costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our internal and external business. We plan to
continue to invest in technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and provide value-added
services to suppliers and third-party merchants.


General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these functions
include facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate related expenses. We
plan to continue to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and high-quality growth.


Gain on sale of development properties
The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to property
funds. JD Property develops and manages our logistics facilities and other real estate properties, to support
JD Logistics and other third parties. By leveraging its fund management platform, JD Property can realize




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        185
      Part I (Continued)




           development profits and recycle capital from development properties to fund new developments and scale the
           business. Since 2019, JD Property established several property funds (the “Property Funds”) together with third
           parties, including GIC Private Limited (“GIC”) and Mubadala Investment Company (“MIC”). JD Property served
           as general partner and committed less than 50% of the total capital of each property fund as a limited partner,
           and cannot control the investment committee. JD Property also entered into definitive agreements with the
           Property Funds, pursuant to which JD Property sold certain of our completed and uncompleted modern logistics
           facilities, and would concurrently lease back such facilities for operational purposes when completed. For the
           logistics facilities that met closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB0.8 billion, RMB1.4 billion and
           RMB2.3 billion (US$0.3 billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. We derecognized the logistics facilities
           upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition.


           Share of results of equity investees
           Share of the post-acquisition profits or losses, impairment, and gains or losses from disposals and deemed
           disposals of the equity investments that are accounted for under the equity method are recorded in share of
           results of equity investees.


           Others, net
           Others, net are non-operating income/(loss), primarily consist of gains/(losses) from fair value change of
           long-term investments, gains/(losses) from business and investment disposals, impairment of investments,
           government incentives, interest income and foreign exchange gains/(losses).


           Taxation
           Cayman Islands
           The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains or
           appreciation. Payments of dividends and capital in respect of shares are not subject to taxation in the Cayman
           Islands. There are no other taxes likely to be material to holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the
           government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed
           in, or after execution, brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to
           any double tax treaties that are applicable to any payments made to or by our company. There are no exchange
           control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


           Hong Kong
           Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable income
           generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million of profits earned
           by our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%) while
           the remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. We make analysis on the
           foreign-derived income, mainly including dividend and interest, earned by its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong
           Kong, apply for an advance ruling with the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong for the income meeting
           exemption conditions and pay tax for the income subject to Hong Kong profits tax under the foreign-sourced
           income exemption regime. In addition, payments of dividends from our incorporations in Hong Kong to us are
           not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.




186   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Chinese Mainland
Generally, our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland are subject
to enterprise income tax on their taxable income in the Chinese mainland at a rate of 25%, except that a few
entities in our group benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% as they conduct business in certain encouraged
sectors or areas, and any entity that qualifies as a “software enterprise” is entitled to an exemption from
income tax for the first two years and 50% reduction for the next three years from such entity’s first profitable
year. Besides, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027, subject to certain criteria, the portion of annual
taxable income amount of a small profit enterprise shall be computed at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable
income amount, and be subject to enterprise income tax at 20% tax rate. Furthermore, certain of our entities
in the Chinese mainland engaging in research and development activities in the Chinese mainland were entitled
to claim 175% of their research and development expenses from January 1, 2021 to September 30, 2022
according to the laws and regulations in the PRC. In September 2022, the PRC State Tax Administration further
announced that for the enterprises entitled to the current pre-tax deduction ratio of 175% for research and
development expenses, such ratio is raised to 200% during the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31,
2022. In March 2023, the State Tax Administration announced that 200% of the actual amount can be deducted
before tax from January 1, 2023. The enterprise income tax is calculated based on the entity’s global income as
determined under PRC tax laws and accounting standards.

We are subject to VAT at a rate of 9% on sales of audio and video products, at a rate of 13% on sales of other
products, at a rate of 9% on logistics services and at a rate of 6% on advertising and other services, in each
case less any deductible VAT we have already paid or borne. Since January 1, 2014, we have been exempted
from VAT on sales of books. We are also subject to surcharges on VAT payments in accordance with PRC law.

Dividends paid by our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to our intermediate holding
companies in Hong Kong should qualify for the preferential withholding tax rate of 5% under the Arrangement
between the PRC and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and
Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, instead of the normal withholding
tax rate of 10%. The Hong Kong entity is required to file an application package with the PRC tax authorities
and settle the overdue taxes if the preferential 5% tax rate is denied based on the subsequent review of the
application package by the tax authority. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate
Structure — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any
cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make
payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”

If our holding company in the Cayman Islands or any of our subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland were
deemed to be a “resident enterprise” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, it would be subject to enterprise
income tax on its worldwide income at a rate of 25%. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
Doing Business in China — If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such
classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”

Results of Operations
The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations in absolute amount and as a percentage
of our total net revenues for the periods indicated.

Period-to-period comparisons of historical results of operations should not be relied upon as indicative of future
performance.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        187
      Part I (Continued)




                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                              2021                    2022                             2023
                                           RMB          %          RMB             %          RMB          US$        %
                                                              (in millions, except for percentages)

           Net revenues
           Net product revenues         815,655       85.7      865,062          82.7      871,224     122,709      80.3
           Net service revenues         135,937       14.3      181,174          17.3      213,438      30,062      19.7

           Total net revenues           951,592      100.0    1,046,236         100.0     1,084,662    152,771     100.0
           Cost of revenues             (822,526)    (86.4)    (899,163)        (85.9)     (924,958)   (130,277)   (85.3)
           Fulfillment                   (59,055)     (6.2)      (63,011)         (6.0)     (64,558)     (9,093)    (5.9)
           Marketing                     (38,743)     (4.1)      (37,772)         (3.6)     (40,133)     (5,653)    (3.7)
           Research and development      (16,332)     (1.7)      (16,893)         (1.6)     (16,393)     (2,309)    (1.5)
           General and administrative    (11,562)     (1.2)      (11,053)         (1.1)      (9,710)     (1,368)    (0.9)
           Impairment of goodwill             —         —             —            —         (3,143)       (443)    (0.3)
           Impairment of
             long-lived assets                —         —             —            —         (2,025)       (285)    (0.2)
           Gain on sale of
             development properties         767        0.1         1,379          0.1         2,283        322       0.2

           Income from operations          4,141       0.4       19,723           1.9       26,025        3,665      2.4

           Other income/(expense)
           Share of results of equity
             investees                    (4,918)     (0.5)       (2,195)         (0.2)       1,010        142       0.1
           Interest expense               (1,213)     (0.1)       (2,106)         (0.2)      (2,881)       (406)    (0.3)
           Others, net                      (590)     (0.1)       (1,555)         (0.1)       7,496       1,056      0.7

           Income/(loss) before tax       (2,580)     (0.3)      13,867           1.4       31,650        4,457      2.9
           Income tax expenses            (1,887)     (0.2)       (4,176)         (0.4)      (8,393)     (1,182)    (0.8)

           Net income/(loss)              (4,467)     (0.5)       9,691           1.0       23,257        3,275      2.1


           Segment Information
           Beginning with the first quarter of 2021, we implemented certain segment reporting changes to better reflect
           our organizational structure and business developments. As a result, we reported three segments, JD Retail,
           JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Cloud & AI businesses had been deconsolidated from us since
           March 31, 2021, and thus the operating results of JD Cloud & AI businesses had not been included in New
           Businesses segment since the second quarter of 2021. We have consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022
           and reported the results of Dada as a new standalone segment. We have also consolidated CNLP through
           JD Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results of CNLP in the New Businesses segment. In addition,


188   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




we have consolidated Deppon since July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon in the JD Logistics
segment. As a result, we currently report four segments, namely JD Retail, JD Logistics, Dada and New
Businesses. JD Retail, including JD Health and JD Industrials, among other components, mainly engage in
online retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics includes both internal and external
logistics businesses. Dada is a local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China. New Businesses mainly
include JD Property, Jingxi and overseas businesses.

The table below provides a summary of our operating segment results, with prior period segment information
retrospectively recast to conform to current period presentation:


                                                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    2021                  2022                      2023
                                                                    RMB                   RMB                   RMB                    US$
                                                                                            (in millions)

Net revenues:
    JD Retail                                                   866,303               929,929               945,343               133,149
    JD Logistics                                                104,693               137,402               166,625                 23,469
    Dada                                                                —                8,030                10,506                  1,480
    New Businesses                                                26,063                21,779                16,111                  2,269
Inter-segment*                                                   (46,043)              (50,904)              (53,923)                (7,596)

Total segment net revenues                                      951,016             1,046,236             1,084,662               152,771
Unallocated items**                                                   576                     —                     —                     —

Total consolidated net revenues                                 951,592             1,046,236             1,084,662               152,771

Operating income/(loss):
    JD Retail                                                     26,613                34,852                35,925                  5,060
    JD Logistics                                                   (1,827)                  528                 1,005                   142
    Dada                                                                —                (1,122)                 (488)                   (69)
    New Businesses                                               (10,600)                (5,295)                  159                     22
 Including: gain on sale of development
       properties                                                     767                1,379                 2,283                    322
      impairment of long-lived assets                                   —                     —               (1,123)                  (158)

Total segment operating income                                    14,186                28,963                36,601                  5,155
Unallocated items**                                              (10,045)                (9,240)             (10,576)                (1,490)

Total consolidated operating income                                4,141                19,723                26,025                  3,665

*      The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics to
       JD Retail, on-demand delivery and retail services provided by Dada to JD Retail and JD Logistics, and property leasing services provided
       by JD Property to JD Logistics.


**     Unallocated items include share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions,
       effects of business cooperation arrangements, and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, which are not allocated to segments.


                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023              189
      Part I (Continued)




           Operating expenses (including fulfillment expenses, marketing expenses, research and development expenses
           and general and administrative expenses) before unallocated items as a percentage of net revenues for JD Retail
           were 11.2%, 11.1% and 11.7% for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


           Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
           Net Revenues
           Our total net revenues increased by 3.7% from RMB1,046,236 million in 2022 to RMB1,084,662 million
           (US$152,771 million) in 2023. Net product revenues increased by 0.7% from RMB865,062 million in 2022
           to RMB871,224 million (US$122,709 million) in 2023. Net service revenues increased by 17.8% from
           RMB181,174 million in 2022 to RMB213,438 million (US$30,062 million) in 2023.


           The increase in our total net revenues was primarily due to enhancement in our user engagement with our
           efforts on improving user experience, price competitiveness and platform ecosystem in 2023. Our net product
           revenues achieved soft growth as we navigated a mix of gradual macro recovery, shift of the consumption
           preference, and the impact of our strategic refocus. The increase in our net service revenues was primarily
           driven by the resilient growth in logistics revenues from external customers with revenue contribution of 70.0%,
           which was contributed by the increase in business volume of our express delivery and freight delivery services
           and the effect of the consolidation of Deppon.


           Cost of revenues
           Our cost of revenues increased by 2.9% from RMB899,163 million in 2022 to RMB924,958 million
           (US$130,277 million) in 2023. This increase was primarily due to the growth of costs related to the logistics
           services provided to merchants and other partners.


           Fulfillment expenses
           Our fulfillment expenses increased by 2.5% from RMB63,011 million in 2022 to RMB64,558 million
           (US$9,093 million) in 2023. This increase was primarily due to the increase in compensation costs relating to
           fulfillment personnel. Fulfillment expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 6.0% in 2023, which remained
           stable from 2022. We continue to focus on economies of scale from enhanced logistics capacity utilization and
           improvements in efficiencies driven by technology.


           Marketing expenses
           Our marketing expenses increased by 6.3% from RMB37,772 million in 2022 to RMB40,133 million
           (US$5,653 million) in 2023. This increase was primarily due to the increased spending in promotion activities, in
           particular for JD Retail.


           Research and development expenses
           Our research and development expenses decreased by 3.0% from RMB16,893 million in 2022 to
           RMB16,393 million (US$2,309 million) in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in staff cost and
           share-based compensation expenses relating to research and development personnel.




190   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 12.2% from RMB11,053 million in 2022 to
RMB9,710 million (US$1,368 million) in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in share-based
compensation expenses.


Impairment of goodwill
We performed a quantitative impairment test for the Dada reporting unit and recorded an non-cash impairment loss
of goodwill of RMB3,143 million (US$443 million) in 2023. No impairment loss of goodwill was recorded in 2022.


Impairment of long-lived assets
Our impairment of long-lived assets was RMB2,025 million (US$285 million) in 2023, which primarily consisted
of non-cash impairment loss recognized for long-lived assets in relation to JD Property and Dada.


Gain on sale of development properties
The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to the
Property Funds. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating Results — Selected
Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” For the logistics facilities
that met closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB1,379 million in 2022 and RMB2,283 million
(US$322 million) in 2023.


Share of results of equity investees
Compared to a loss of RMB2,195 million in 2022, our share of results of equity investees was a gain of
RMB1,010 million (US$142 million) in 2023, primarily due to the increase in share of profit and the decrease in
non-cash impairment of equity investees.


Others, net
Others, net was RMB1,555 million loss in 2022 and RMB7,496 million (US$1,056 million) gain in 2023, which
was primarily due to increase in interest income and decrease in loss in relation to equity investments. The
interest income increased from RMB5,742 million in 2022 to RMB9,576 million (US$1,349 million) in 2023.
The loss in relation to equity investments was RMB3,669 million (US$517 million) in 2023 as compared to
RMB8,986 million in 2022.


Net Income/(Loss)
As a result of the foregoing, we had a net income of RMB23,257 million (US$3,275 million) in 2023, as
compared to a net income of RMB9,691 million in 2022.


Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
Net Revenues
Our total net revenues increased by 9.9% from RMB951,592 million in 2021 to RMB1,046,236 million in
2022, with increases in both categories of net revenues. Net product revenues increased by 6.1% from
RMB815,655 million in 2021 to RMB865,062 million in 2022. Net service revenues increased by 33.3%
from RMB135,937 million in 2021 to RMB181,174 million in 2022.


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        191
      Part I (Continued)




           The increase in our total net revenues was primarily due to our ability to achieve a higher customer retention
           and increase in average spending per customer in 2022. Despite the impact of the COVID-19 resurgence and
           macroeconomic uncertainties in 2022, we achieved soft growth in our product revenues based on our supply
           chain capabilities. As we continued to focus on user quality and building deeper user engagement, our core user
           base expanded. The solid increase in our net service revenues was primarily driven by the resilient growth in
           logistics revenues from external customers with revenue contribution of 64.9%, as well as a healthy expansion
           of our merchant base and additional advertising spending, resulting in our continued progress in strengthening
           our marketplace ecosystem and a better growth of our marketing services.


           Cost of revenues
           Our cost of revenues increased by 9.3% from RMB822,526 million in 2021 to RMB899,163 million in 2022.
           This increase was primarily due to the growth of our online retail business and increase in costs related to the
           logistics services provided to merchants and other partners.


           Fulfillment expenses
           Our fulfillment expenses increased by 6.7% from RMB59,055 million in 2021 to RMB63,011 million in 2022.
           This increase was primarily due to the increase in compensation costs relating to fulfillment personnel, as well
           as an increase in payment processing charges as our volume of sales increased. Fulfillment expenses as a
           percentage of net revenues were 6.0% in 2022, as compared to 6.2% in 2021, primarily due to economies of
           scale from enhanced logistics capacity utilization and improvements in efficiencies driven by technology.


           Marketing expenses
           Our marketing expenses decreased by 2.5% from RMB38,743 million in 2021 to RMB37,772 million in 2022.
           This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in our advertising expenditures on both online and offline
           channels from RMB32,704 million in 2021 to RMB29,898 million in 2022, especially in JD Retail and Jingxi.


           Research and development expenses
           Our research and development expenses were RMB16,893 million in 2022, kept relatively steady as compared
           to RMB16,332 million in 2021. We continued to invest in top-notch R&D talent and technology infrastructure.


           General and administrative expenses
           Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 4.4% from RMB11,562 million in 2021 to
           RMB11,053 million in 2022. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in share-based compensation
           expenses, as JD Property and JD Industrials both recognized one-off share-based compensation expenses in
           2021 along with the adoption of their own share incentive plans.


           Gain on sale of development properties
           The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to the
           Property Funds. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating Results — Selected
           Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” For the logistics facilities that
           met closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB767 million in 2021 and RMB1,379 million in 2022,
           respectively.


192   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




     Share of results of equity investees
     Compared to a loss of RMB4,918 million in 2021, our share of results of equity investees was a loss of
     RMB2,195 million in 2022, the decrease of loss was mainly due to decrease in non-cash impairments in equity
     investees.


     Others, net
     Others, net was RMB590 million loss in 2021 and RMB1,555 million loss in 2022. The increase of loss was
     primarily due to a loss of RMB3,623 million recognized in 2022 resulting from the change of Dada’s share price
     prior to the closing of the acquisition, which was partially offset by the decrease of loss of fair value change of
     long-term investments. The fair value change of long-term investments was a loss of RMB4,096 million in 2022
     as compared to a loss of RMB7,252 million in 2021.


     Net Income/(Loss)
     As a result of the foregoing, we had a net income of RMB9,691 million in 2022, as compared to a net loss of
     RMB4,467 million in 2021.


B.   Liquidity and Capital Resources
     Our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from operating activities, equity and debt financing, and
     certain business or assets reorganizations.


     Our major financings
     Set forth below are our major financings in recent years:


     •    In April 2016, we issued an aggregate of US$500 million unsecured senior notes due 2021, with stated
          annual interest rate of 3.125%, and an aggregate of US$500 million unsecured senior notes due 2026,
          with stated annual interest rate of 3.875%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes were used
          for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2023, the notes due 2021 were paid off, and the
          carrying value and estimated fair value of the notes due 2026 were US$497.0 million and US$482.9 million,
          respectively. The estimated fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities
          as of December 31, 2023. The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others,
          limitation on liens, and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
          We are in compliance with all the covenants. During 2023, we paid an aggregate of US$19.4 million in
          interest payments related to these notes.


     •    In January 2020, we issued an aggregate of US$700 million unsecured senior notes due 2030, with
          stated annual interest rate of 3.375%, and an aggregate of US$300 million unsecured senior notes due
          2050, with stated annual interest rate of 4.125%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes are
          used for general corporate purposes and refinancing. As of December 31, 2023, the total carrying value
          and estimated fair value were US$691.5 million and US$626.7 million, respectively, with respect to the
          notes due 2030, and US$281.4 million and US$223.9 million, respectively, with respect to the notes due
          2050. The estimated fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities as of
          December 31, 2023. The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         193
      Part I (Continued)




                 on liens, and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. We are
                 in compliance with all the covenants. During 2023, we paid an aggregate of US$36.0 million in interest
                 payments related to these notes.


           •     In June 2020, our Class A ordinary shares commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange under the stock code “9618.” We raised from our global offering in connection with the listing
                 in Hong Kong approximately RMB31.3 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
                 share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


           •     In December 2021, we entered into a five-year US$2.0 billion unsecured term and revolving loan facility
                 with five lead arrangers. This loan facility is our first green loan facility. The term and revolving loans
                 under this facility are priced at 85 basis points over LIBOR, which was amended to the Secured Overnight
                 Financing Rate in September 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, we drew down US$1.0 billion under
                 the facility commitment, which will be due in 2027. We used the proceeds from this loan facility to
                 (i) finance or refinance in whole or in part, one or more of its new or existing eligible green projects and/or
                 (ii) general corporate purposes.


           Major financings of our subsidiaries
           Set forth below are the major financings of our subsidiaries in recent years:


           JD Logistics
           •     In May 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics raised from the global offering in connection with
                 the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB22.9 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting
                 commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


           •     On April 1, 2022, JD Logistics raised approximately HK$3,102 million net proceeds from a group of
                 third-party investors by issuing to them 150,500,000 of its ordinary shares.         On May 26, 2022, we
                 subscribed for 261,400,000 ordinary shares of JD Logistics for a total purchase price of approximately
                 US$692 million in cash upon which we maintained our shareholding in JD Logistics at more than 63% and
                 continued to consolidate JD Logistics’s financial results into our financial statements.


           JD Health
           •     In August 2020, JD Health completed the non-redeemable series B preference share financing with a
                 group of third-party investors. The total amount of financing raised was US$914 million, representing 4.5%
                 of the ownership of JD Health on a fully diluted basis.


           •     In December 2020, shares of JD Health commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange under the stock code “6618.” JD Health raised from its global offering in connection with
                 the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB25.7 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting
                 commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses.




194   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




JD Property
•    In March 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A
     preference share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse Investment and Warburg Pincus, among
     others. The total amount raised was US$703 million. We remained the majority shareholder of JD Property
     after the completion of this transaction.

•    In March 2022 and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for its non-redeemable
     series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one
     leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount raised in this round was approximately
     US$800 million. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. We remained the majority
     shareholder of JD Property after the completion of this transaction.

•    In December 2023, we entered into a RMB8,500 million term loan agreement with interest rate at 65 basis
     points below the Loan Prime Rate to refinance the loan and drew down RMB8,286 million, which was
     expected to be repaid through December 2028 in installments. The net proceeds from this loan facility are
     used for refinancing.

JD Industrials
•    In April 2020, December 2020 and March 2023, JD Industrials entered into definitive agreements for
     non-redeemable series A, series A-1 and series B preference share financing with a group of third-party
     investors. The total amount of financing arising was approximately US$545 million. Upon completion of
     such financing, we hold approximately 78% of the issued and outstanding shares of JD Industrials.

As of December 31, 2023, we had revolving lines of credit for an aggregate amount of RMB164.3 billion
(US$23.1 billion) from several commercial banks, and RMB120.7 billion (US$17.0 billion) of which was unused.

As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of RMB275.7 billion (US$38.8 billion) in cash and cash equivalents,
restricted cash and short-term investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities
more than one year in marketable securities and investments. This included primarily RMB172.4 billion
(US$24.3 billion), HK$3.0 million (US$0.4 million) and US$0.1 billion in the Chinese mainland, RMB3.9 billion
(US$0.5 billion) and US$10.0 billion in Hong Kong. Our cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash on
hand, time deposits and liquid investments with maturities of three months or less.

Taking into account cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and the available bank
facilities, we believe that we have sufficient working capital for our present requirements and for at least the
next 12 months from the date of this annual report. We may, however, need additional cash resources in the
future if we experience changes in business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional
cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, capital
expenditure or similar actions. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed the amount of cash and cash
equivalents we have on hand, we may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain additional credit facilities.


Our net inventories amounted to RMB75.6 billion, RMB77.9 billion and RMB68.1 billion (US$9.6 billion) as of
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our annual inventory turnover days were 30.3 days in 2021,
33.2 days in 2022 and 30.3 days in 2023. Annual inventory turnover days are the quotient of average inventory


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        195
      Part I (Continued)




           over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to cost
           of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days. Our inventory balances
           will fluctuate over time due to a number of factors, including expansion in our product selection and changes
           in our product mix. Our inventory balances typically increase when we prepare for special promotion events,
           such as the anniversary of the founding of our company on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on
           November 11.


           Our accounts payable primarily include accounts payable to suppliers associated with our retail business. As of
           December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our accounts payable amounted to RMB140.5 billion, RMB160.6 billion and
           RMB166.2 billion (US$23.4 billion), respectively. These increases reflected a stable growth in our sales volumes
           and scale of operations for our retail business and the related increase in products sourced from our suppliers.
           Our annual accounts payable turnover days for retail business were 45.3 days in 2021, 52.5 days in 2022 and
           53.2 days in 2023. Annual accounts payable turnover days are the quotient of average accounts payable for retail
           business over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period
           to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days.


           Our accounts receivable primarily include amounts due from customers and online payment channels. As of
           December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our accounts receivable amounted to RMB11.9 billion, RMB20.6 billion and
           RMB20.3 billion (US$2.9 billion), respectively. JD Technology provides consumer financing to our customers.
           As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the balances of current portion of financing provided to our
           customers that were included in accounts receivable balances amounted to RMB2.5 billion, RMB3.1 billion and
           RMB2.3 billion (US$0.3 billion), respectively. Our accounts receivable turnover days excluding the impact from
           consumer financing were 2.9 days in 2021, 4.5 days in 2022 and 5.6 days in 2023. Annual accounts receivable
           turnover days are the quotient of average accounts receivable over the immediately preceding five quarters,
           up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to total net revenues for that annual period and then
           multiplied by 360 days.


           Although we consolidate the results of the consolidated variable interest entities, we only have access to cash
           balances or future earnings of the consolidated variable interest entities through our contractual arrangements
           with them. See “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” For restrictions and limitations on
           liquidity and capital resources as a result of our corporate structure, see “Operating and Financial Review and
           Prospects — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Holding Company Structure.”


           As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
           regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
           loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of
           capital contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may
           provide RMB funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and
           to the consolidated variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction — Summary of Risk
           Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review — Liquidity and Capital
           Resources” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — PRC regulation
           of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental regulations


196   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the
Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business.”


RMB may be converted into foreign exchange for current account items, including interest and trade-and
service-related transactions. As a result, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
China may purchase foreign exchange for the payment of license, content or other royalty fees and expenses to
offshore licensors and content partners, for example.


Our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries may convert RMB amounts that they generate in their own business
activities, including technical consulting and related service fees pursuant to their contracts with the
consolidated variable interest entities, as well as dividends they receive from their own subsidiaries, into foreign
exchange and pay them to their non-PRC parent companies in the form of dividends. However, current PRC
regulations permit our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated
profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Each of our wholly
foreign-owned subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits after making up previous
years’ accumulated losses each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside
reaches 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore,
capital account transactions, which include foreign direct investment and loans, must be approved by and/or
registered with SAFE and its local branches.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         197
      Part I (Continued)




           The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                2021               2022             2023
                                                                RMB                RMB           RMB                US$
                                                                                  (in millions)

           Summary Consolidated Cash Flows Data:
           Net cash provided by operating activities           42,301           57,819             59,521          8,383
           Net cash used in investing activities              (74,248)          (54,026)           (59,543)       (8,386)
           Net cash provided by/(used in)
            financing activities                               19,503            1,180              (5,808)         (818)
           Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
             cash equivalents and restricted cash              (1,498)           3,490                125             17

           Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
            equivalents and restricted cash                   (13,942)           8,463              (5,705)         (804)
           Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
             cash at beginning of year, including
             cash and cash equivalents classified
             within assets held for sale                       90,635           76,693             85,156        11,994
           Less: cash, cash equivalents,
             and restricted cash classified within
             assets held for sale at beginning of year            116                —                 41              6
           Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
             cash at beginning of year                         90,519           76,693             85,115        11,988

           Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
             at end of year, including cash and cash
             equivalents classified within assets
             held for sale                                     76,693           85,156             79,451        11,190
           Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
             cash classified within assets held for
             sale at end of year                                   —                41                 53              7

           Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
             at end of year                                    76,693           85,115             79,398        11,183



           Operating Activities
           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was RMB59,521 million (US$8,383 million). In 2023, the
           principal items accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our
           net income were certain non-cash expenses, principally depreciation and amortization of RMB8,292 million
           (US$1,168 million), impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets and equity investments totaled RMB8,211 million
           (US$1,157 million), share-based compensation of RMB4,804 million (US$677 million), and changes in certain
           working capital accounts, principally an decrease in inventories of RMB9,891 million (US$1,393 million), and an
           increase in accounts payable of RMB4,614 million (US$650 million). The decrease in inventories was mainly
           due to seasonality, as inventories were pre-stocked at the end of 2022 for the 2023 Chinese New Year which
           was in January 2023, while the 2024 Chinese New Year was in February 2024 and thus fewer inventories was
           pre-stocked at the end of 2023. The increase in our accounts payable was due to the growth of our business.

198   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was RMB57,819 million. In 2022, the principal items
accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income
were certain non-cash expenses, principally share-based compensation of RMB7,548 million, depreciation
and amortization of RMB7,236 million, and loss from fair value change of long-term investments of
RMB4,096 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts, principally an increase in accounts payable
of RMB17,658 million and an increase in advance from customers of RMB4,526 million. The increase in our
accounts payable was due to the growth of our business. The increase in our advance from customers was due
to the increase in our sales of prepaid cards.


Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was RMB42,301 million. In 2021, the principal items
accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income were
non-cash expenses, principally share-based compensation of RMB9,134 million, loss from fair value change
of long-term investments of RMB7,252 million, depreciation and amortization of RMB6,232 million, and loss
on share of results of equity investees of RMB4,918 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts,
principally an increase in accounts payable of RMB32,585 million, an increase in advance from customers of
RMB8,702 million, and an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB5,257 million. The
increase in our accounts payable and advance from customers was mainly due to the growth of our retail
business. The increase in our accrued expenses and other current liabilities was primarily due to the increase of
vendor deposits.


Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities in 2023 was RMB59,543 million (US$8,386 million), consisting primarily of
the purchase of short-term investments and long-term time deposits and wealth management products, cash
paid for construction in progress and land use rights, purchases of property, equipment and software and asset
acquisitions, partially offset by the maturity of short-term investments, cash received from disposal of equity
investments and investment securities and cash received from sale of development properties.


Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was RMB54,026 million, consisting primarily of the purchase
of short-term investments, cash paid for business combination, cash paid for investment in equity investees
and investment securities, cash paid for construction in progress and land use rights, purchases of property,
equipment and software, partially offset by the maturity of short-term investments, cash received from
disposals of investment in equity investees and investment securities and cash received from sale of
development properties.


Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was RMB74,248 million, consisting primarily of the purchase of
short-term investments, investment in equity investees and investment securities, cash paid for construction
in progress and land use rights, purchases of property, equipment and software, partially offset by the maturity
of short-term investments, cash received from disposals of investment in equity investees and investment
securities and cash received from sale of development properties.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        199
      Part I (Continued)




           Financing Activities
           Net cash used in financing activities in 2023 was RMB5,808 million (US$818 million), consisting primarily of cash
           paid for dividends, cash paid for repurchase of ordinary shares and ADSs of our company, partially offset by net
           proceeds from bank borrowings.


           Net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was RMB1,180 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from
           bank borrowings, net proceeds from JD Property’s non-redeemable series B preferred share financing and share
           placement of JD Logistics, partially offset by repayment of bank borrowings, cash paid for dividends, and cash
           paid for repurchase of ordinary shares of our company and our subsidiaries.


           Net cash provided by financing activities in 2021 was RMB19,503 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds of
           RMB23,011 million from the initial public offering of JD Logistics in Hong Kong, the proceeds from short-term
           borrowing of RMB7,133 million and net proceeds of RMB4,557 million from the non-redeemable series
           A preference share financing of JD Property, partially offset by the cash paid for repayment of short-term
           borrowings of RMB5,982 million, repurchase of ordinary shares of RMB5,246 million and repayment of
           unsecured senior notes of RMB3,246 million.


           Material cash requirements
           Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2023 and any subsequent interim period primarily include
           our capital expenditures and contractual obligations.


           Capital Expenditures
           We made capital expenditures of RMB22.1 billion, RMB23.7 billion and RMB25.4 billion (US$3.6 billion) in
           2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our capital expenditures for 2021, 2022 and 2023 consisted primarily of
           expenditures related to the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure, technology platform, logistics equipment
           as well as our office buildings. Our capital expenditures will continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as
           we expand and improve our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform to meet the needs of our business
           operations. JD Property seeks to realize development profits and recycle capital from mature properties to fund
           new developments and scale the business. We sold certain of our development properties and received proceeds
           of RMB3.5 billion in 2021, RMB1.7 billion in 2022, and RMB7.0 billion (US$1.0 billion) in 2023, respectively.




200   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




Contractual Obligations
The following table sets forth our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023:


                                                                                    Payment Due by Period
                                                                             Less than                                          More than
                                                                  Total           1 year      1–3 years        3–5 years            5 years
                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

Operating lease commitments for offices
 and fulfillment infrastructures                                25,104             8,111            8,068            3,458             5,467
Commitments for internet data center
      service fee                                                4,439                829             761              720             2,129
Capital commitments          (1)
                                                                 8,150             8,150                —                —                 —
Long-term debt obligations(2)                                   42,437                471         10,101           17,527            14,338
Estimated interest payments in relation to
      long-term debt obligations(2)                              9,037             1,599            2,910            1,631             2,897

Total                                                           89,167            19,160          21,840           23,336            24,831


(1)      Our capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction and purchase of office buildings and warehouses, and are
         expected to be paid in the following years according to the construction progress.


(2)      Our long-term debt obligations are mainly unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings, including the portion due within one year.



Our investment commitments contracted but without fixed payment schedule amounted to RMB2.3 billion
(US$0.3 billion) as of December 31, 2023, which primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain
fund investment.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have not entered into any material financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment
obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our
shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated
entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest
in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in
leasing, hedging or product development services with us.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023            201
      Part I (Continued)




           Holding Company Structure
           JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily
           through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s
           ability to pay dividends depends upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries. If our existing PRC subsidiaries
           or any newly formed ones incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt
           may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China
           are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance
           with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC law, each of our subsidiaries and the consolidated
           variable interest entities in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any,
           to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered capital. Each of
           the other PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities may allocate a portion of its after-
           tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to a discretionary surplus fund at its discretion. The statutory
           reserve funds and the discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Remittance of dividends by a
           wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject to examination by the banks designated by SAFE. As of
           December 31, 2023, the amount restricted, including paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as determined
           in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, was approximately RMB67.6 billion (US$9.5
           billion).

      C.   Research and Development, Patents, and Licenses, etc.
           We have built our technology platform relying primarily on software and systems that we have developed
           in-house and to a lesser extent on third-party software that we have modified and incorporated. Our research
           and development professionals design, develop and operate our technology platform and to improve our AI, big
           data and cloud technologies and services.


           In 2021, 2022 and 2023, our research and development expenses, including share-based compensation
           expenses for research and development staff, were RMB16,332 million, RMB16,893 million and
           RMB16,393 million (US$2,309 million), respectively. Our research and development expenses consist primarily
           of payroll and related expenses for research and development professionals involved in designing, developing
           and operating our technology platform, and improving our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services,
           and technology infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment
           depreciation, bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our
           internal and external business. We expect spending in research and development continue to be significant over
           time as we plan to continue to invest in our technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and
           provide value-added services to our business partners.


      D.   Trend Information
           Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
           demands, commitments or events for the period since January 1, 2024 that are reasonably likely to have a
           material and adverse effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that
           would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future results of operations or
           financial conditions.




202   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




E.   Critical Accounting Estimates
     An accounting estimate is considered critical if it requires to be made based on assumptions about matters that
     are highly uncertain at the time such estimate is made, and if different accounting estimates that reasonably
     could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically,
     could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.


     We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make
     estimates and assumptions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most
     recently available information, our own historical experiences and various other assumptions that we believe
     to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
     reporting process, actual results could differ from our expectations as a result of changes in our estimates.
     Some of our accounting policies require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application and require
     us to make significant accounting estimates.


     The following descriptions of critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
     financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report. For further information, see Note 2 to
     our consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


     Impairment Assessment of Investment in Equity Investees
     Investment in equity investees represents our investments in privately held companies, publicly traded
     companies and private equity funds. We apply the equity method of accounting to account for an equity
     investment, in common stock or in-substance common stock, according to ASC Topic 323, Investment-Equity
     Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”), over which it has significant influence but does not own a majority
     equity interest or otherwise control.


     We continually review our investment in equity investees under equity method to determine whether a
     decline in fair value to below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors we consider in
     our determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, the financial condition, operating
     performance and the prospects of the equity investee, and other company specific information such as recent
     financing rounds. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the
     equity investee is written down to fair value.


     Our equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which do not qualify for NAV practical
     expedient and over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence through the investments
     in common stock or in substance common stock, are accounted for under the measurement alternative. We
     make assessment of whether an investment is impaired based on performance and financial position of the
     investee as well as other evidence of market value at each reporting date. Such assessment includes, but is
     not limited to, reviewing the investee’s cash position, recent financing, as well as the financial and business
     performance. When indicators of impairment exist, we also prepare quantitative measurements of the fair
     value of our equity investments using market approach, income approach or cost approach, if applicable, with
     observable or unobservable inputs and assumptions. Changes in inputs and assumptions might materially



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        203
      Part I (Continued)




           affect the determination of fair value of our equity investments. We recognize an impairment loss equal to the
           difference between the carrying value and fair value in others, net in the consolidated statements of operations
           and comprehensive income/(loss) if there is any.


           Revenues
           We recognize revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered and title is passed
           to customers. Significant judgment is required to estimate return allowances. For online retail business with
           return conditions, we reasonably estimate the possibility of return based on the historical experience, changes in
           judgments on these assumptions and estimates could materially impact the amount of net revenues recognized.


           Inventories
           Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
           Cost of inventories is mainly determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are recorded to
           write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving merchandise and
           damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and forecasted consumer
           demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. We take ownership, risks and rewards of the products
           purchased, but have arrangements to return unsold goods with certain vendors. Write-downs are recorded in
           cost of revenues in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). As a measure
           of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December 31, 2023, we would have
           recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately RMB724 million (US$102 million).


           Goodwill Impairment
           Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities
           acquired in a business combination.


           Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31,
           and in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate that the asset
           might be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the
           Test for Goodwill Impairment (“ASU 2017-04”) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
           guidance on testing of goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it
           is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If as a result of
           the qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
           carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required.
           The quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its
           carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an
           impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying amount will
           be recorded.




204   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the identification
of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and
determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair value of reporting units
includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and making other assumptions.
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each
reporting unit.


During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, management monitored the actual performance
of the business and conducted goodwill impairment test. No impairment loss of goodwill was recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2023, considered the duration
and severity of the decline of Dada’s stock price, we assessed that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of Dada reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and performed a quantitative impairment test for the
Dada reporting unit. The fair value of Dada was determined based on the discounted cash flow analysis using
the following significant assumptions: (a) internal cash flows forecasts, including expected revenue growth,
operating margins and estimated capital needs, (b) an estimated terminal value using a long-term future growth
rate, and (c) a discount rate. As a result, the fair value of Dada reporting unit was estimated to be below the
carrying value and we recorded a RMB3.1 billion (US$ 0.4 billion) goodwill impairment for the year ended
December 31, 2023.


Long-lived Assets Impairment
We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset or the asset group may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than
we had originally estimated. When these events occur, we evaluate the impairment for the long-lived assets by
comparing the carrying value of the asset or the asset group to an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated from the use of the asset or the asset group and its eventual disposition. If the sum
of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset or the asset group,
we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset or the asset group over
its fair value. The fair value of the asset or asset group is determined using income approach, market approach
or term & reversion method with unobservable inputs (Level 3), depending on the underlying nature of the asset
or the asset group. Changes in inputs and assumptions might materially affect the determination of fair value of
long-lived assets.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        205
      Part I (Continued)




           Income Taxes
           Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial reporting purposes, adjusted for
           income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes, in accordance with
           the regulations of the tax jurisdictions. We follow the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under
           this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between
           the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities by applying enacted
           statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.
           We record a valuation allowance to reduce the amount of deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available
           evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
           effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in our consolidated statements of operations
           and comprehensive income/(loss) in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as
           non-current in the consolidated balance sheets.


           We recognize in our consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax position is “more
           likely than not” to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax positions that meet
           the “more likely than not” recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that has
           a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We estimate our liability for unrecognized
           tax benefits which are periodically assessed and may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings
           by tax authorities, changes and/or developments with respect to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of
           limitations. The ultimate outcome for a particular tax position may not be determined with certainty prior to the
           conclusion of a tax audit and, in some cases, appeal or litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized
           may differ from our estimates. As each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our consolidated
           financial statements in the period in which the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in
           facts, circumstances and new information may require us to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates
           with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in
           the period in which the changes occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, we did not have any significant
           unrecognized uncertain tax positions.




206   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




Directors, Senior Management and Employees
A.   Directors and Senior Management
     The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this
     annual report.


     Directors and Executive Officers                  Age             Position/Title

     Richard Qiangdong Liu                               51            Chairman of the Board of Directors
     Sandy Ran Xu                                        47            Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                          Executive Director
     Ming Huang                                          60            Independent Director
     Louis T. Hsieh                                      59            Independent Director
     Dingbo Xu                                           61            Independent Director
     Caroline Scheufele                                  62            Independent Director
     Carol Yun Yau Li                                    44            Independent Director
     Ian Su Shan                                         42            Chief Financial Officer
     Pang Zhang                                          35            Chief Human Resources Officer


     Richard Qiangdong Liu has been the chairman of our company since inception and served as our chief executive
     officer until April 2022. He founded JD.com in 2004 and has guided its development and growth since then.
     Mr. Liu received the prestigious award “Person of the Year of Chinese Economy 2011” from CCTV, China’s
     national television network. He was among “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders” named by Fortune Magazine in
     2015. Mr. Liu currently serves as the chairman of the board and director of Jingdong Technology Holding
     Co., Ltd., JD Health International Inc. (HKEX: 6618), and JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEX: 2618). Mr. Liu received his
     bachelor’s degree in sociology from Renmin University of China in 1996 and an EMBA from China Europe
     International Business School in 2011.


     Sandy Ran Xu has served as our chief executive officer and executive director since May 2023. Prior to her
     current role, Ms. Xu served as the chief financial officer of our company from June 2020 to May 2023. Prior to
     joining JD.com in 2018, Ms. Xu was an audit partner and spent nearly 20 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Zhong Tian LLP, Beijing office and PricewaterhouseCoopers, San Jose office. Ms. Xu currently also serves as
     a director of Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd and an independent director of Baidu, Inc. Ms. Xu was a Certified
     Public Accountant in both China and the United States. Ms. Xu received her bachelor’s degree with a double
     major in information science and economics from Peking University.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023     207
      Part I (Continued)




           Ming Huang has served as our independent director since March 2014. Mr. Huang has been a professor of
           finance at the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University since July 2005. From July 2010
           to June 2019, Mr. Huang was a professor of finance at China Europe International Business School. Mr. Huang
           also served as a professor of finance at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in China from July 2008 to
           June 2010 and Dean of the School of Finance at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics from April 2006
           to March 2009. Prior to 2005, he was an associate professor of finance at the Graduate School of Business at
           Stanford University from September 2002 to June 2005 and an associate dean and visiting professor of finance
           at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business from July 2004 to June 2005. Professor Huang’s academic
           research primarily focuses on behavioral finance, credit risk and derivatives. In recent years, his research has
           focused on Chinese capital market and public companies. Mr. Huang is also an independent non-executive
           director of WH Group Limited, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Professor Huang received
           his bachelor’s degree in physics from Peking University, a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Cornell University
           and a Ph.D. in finance from Stanford University.


           Louis T. Hsieh has served as our independent director since May 2014. Mr. Hsieh currently serves as the global
           chief financial officer, since April 2021, and board director, since June 2021, of Hesai Technology (NASDAQ:
           HSAI), a global leader in 3-D Lidar solutions. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Hsieh served as the global chief financial
           officer of Nio Inc., a leading electric car original equipment manufacturer (NYSE: NIO). Mr. Hsieh has served as
           a board director of New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc., the largest provider of private educational
           services in China listed on the NYSE (NYSE: EDU), since March 2007, and served as its chief financial officer
           from 2005 to 2015 and its president from 2009 to 2016. He also served as an independent director, from
           2016 to 2023, and chairman of the audit committee from 2016 to 2019, of YUM China Holdings, Inc., a NYSE
           and HKEX listed (NYSE: YUMC, HKEX: 9987) leading operator of restaurant chains in China including KFC and
           Pizza Hut. From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Hsieh was the managing director and the Asia-Pacific tech/media/telecoms
           head of UBS Capital Asia Pacific, the private equity division of UBS AG. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Hsieh was a
           technology investment banker at JP Morgan in San Francisco, California, where he was a vice president, and
           Credit Suisse in Palo Alto, California, where he was an associate. From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Hsieh was a corporate
           and securities attorney at White & Case LLP in Los Angeles. Mr. Hsieh holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial
           engineering and engineering management from Stanford University, an MBA degree from the Harvard Business
           School, and a J.D. degree from the University of California at Berkeley.


           Dingbo Xu has served as our independent director since May 2018. Professor Xu has served as a faculty
           member and professor in highly-respected universities for more than two decades. He is currently Essilor Chair
           Professor in Accounting and an Associate Dean at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS). Before
           joining CEIBS in 2004, he was an assistant professor of accounting at the Hong Kong University of Science
           and Technology from 1996 to 2003. In addition to his academic positions, Professor Xu is the vice-president of
           China Association of Chief Financial Officers, the executive director of the editorial board of China Management
           Accounting Review and the founding chairman of Charted Global Management Accountant (CGMA) 100
           North Asia Leaders Think Tank. Professor Xu has also contributed his knowledge and expertise to the board
           of directors of several public companies. Apart from JD.com, Professor Xu currently serves on the board of
           directors of China Trust Protection Fund Co., Ltd. From September 2009 to April 2018, Professor Xu was a
           board member as an independent director of The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (PICC),


208   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; from December 2012 to February 2019, he was an
independent director of Shanghai Shyndec Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange; from January 2013 to August 2019, he was an independent director of SANY Heavy Industry, a
company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; from June 2013 to September 2019, he was an independent
director of China Cinda Asset Management Co. Ltd., a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;
from September 2016 to September 2022, he was an independent director of Kweichow Moutai Company
Limited, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and from December 2015 to March 2023, he was
an independent director of Societe Generale (China) Ltd. Professor Xu received his Ph.D. in accounting from the
University of Minnesota, as well as a master’s degree in management and a bachelor’s degree in mathematics,
both from Wuhan University.


Caroline Scheufele has served as our independent director since June 2021. Ms. Scheufele has over 35 years
of experience in the watchmaking and jewelry industry and currently serves as the co-president and artistic
director of Chopard, one of the last family-run Swiss watch makers and jewelers. Since 1985, Ms. Scheufele has
held various leadership positions at Chopard, including leading Chopard’s ladies’ collections and developing the
jewelry section and later the high-end jewelry department at Chopard. Ms. Scheufele designed Chopard’s first
jewelry collection, Happy Diamonds, the Happy Sports watches featuring a world-first combination of steel and
diamonds, and the Haute Joaillerie Red Carpet and Animal World collections. Ms. Scheufele has also contributed
to Chopard’s international exposure by connecting its image with the world of cinema and iconic events, such as
the Cannes Film Festival. In 1998, she redesigned the Palme d’Or, the award piece for the Cannes Film Festival,
and made Chopard the official event partner onwards. Ms. Scheufele is a dedicated philanthropist in support
of charitable causes, such as the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amFAR) and the José Carreras
Leukemia Foundation. She has promoted corporate social responsibility including Chopard’s membership in the
Responsible Jewelry Council since 2010. Under the leadership of Ms. Scheufele, Chopard has become one of
the first brands to use raw materials that meet the highest possible social and environmental standards and has
supported Fairmined certified responsible gold. Ms. Scheufele was honoured with both the annual Fashion 4
Development (F4D) Award and the BRAVO Business Award for “Environmentalist of the Year” in 2014 and
received the Designer of the Year Award at the second Sustainable Style Gala in 2019. Ms. Scheufele holds a
diploma from Geneva’s International School and decided to join the family business where she took intensive
classes in design and gemmology afterwards.


Carol Yun Yau Li has served as our independent director since September 2022. Ms. Li currently serves as
Assistant Dean of the Yale School of Management and Managing Director of Yale Center Beijing, Yale
University’s first university-wide center outside of the United States. Ms. Li also served as an independent
non-executive director of the board of JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEx: 2618), a consolidated subsidiary of JD.com,
from May 2021 to September 2022. From April 2008 to May 2012, Ms. Li was a Senior Vice President at China
Investment Corporation, China’s sovereign wealth fund, where she focused on private equity investments. She
started her career in investment banking at Credit Suisse First Boston in New York and worked as an attorney
at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and WilmerHale LLP, specializing in corporate, financial, and transactional matters.
Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and International Studies from Yale University received
in May 2000 and a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from Stanford University received in June 2006. She is




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        209
      Part I (Continued)




           admitted to practice law in the State of New York and in the District of Columbia in the United States. Ms. Li
           was named a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader in 2016. She is also a member of the Hong Kong
           X-Tech Startup Platform Advisory Committee.


           Ian Su Shan has served as our chief financial officer since May 2023. He also serves as our chief
           climate officer. Prior to his current role, he served as chief financial officer of JD Logistics, Inc.
           (HKEX: 2618). Mr. Shan joined JD.com in December 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Shan worked at Lavender Hill
           Capital Partners from October 2019 to November 2021 and served as a Managing Director from January 2021 to
           November 2021. He also worked in the TMT Group of the Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs (Asia)
           L.L.C. from 2015 to 2019 and served as an Executive Director from January 2017 to September 2019. Mr. Shan
           currently also serves as the chairman and a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee
           of the board of Dada Nexus Limited (NASDAQ: DADA), and a director of Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd. (Shanghai
           Stock Exchange code: 603056). Mr. Shan received his bachelor’s degree in laws from China University of
           Political Science and Law, and his master’s degree in laws from University of Warwick. Mr. Shan is a CFA
           charterholder.


           Pang Zhang has served as our chief human resources officer since December 2020. Ms. Zhang joined our
           company in July 2011. She has significant experience in leadership development as well as organizational
           processes optimization, and has always committed to exploring a brand-new type of platform-based HR system,
           thus to better support diversified business groups at JD.com. She also leads our company’s diversity, equality
           and inclusion efforts. Ms. Zhang has held multiple key roles within different departments in our company,
           including our company’s chairman office, JD Retail and JD Technology. Ms. Zhang currently serves as a director
           of JD Technology. Ms. Zhang holds a Cornell-Tsinghua Finance MBA and a bachelor’s degree from Central
           University of Finance and Economics.


      B.   Compensation
           In 2023, we paid or accrued an aggregate of approximately RMB37 million (US$5 million) in cash to our directors
           and executive officers as a group. We have not set aside or accrued any amount to provide pension, retirement
           or other similar benefits to our executive officers and directors. Our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
           variable interest entities are required by law to make contributions equal to certain percentages of each
           employee’s salary for his or her pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance and other
           statutory benefits and a housing provident fund.


           We have put in place a comprehensive retirement plan for the eligible retiring salaried senior management
           of our company based on years of employment and contributions to our company. This plan is designed to
           strengthen the ability of our company to attract and retain persons of outstanding competence upon which,
           in large measure, our continued growth and profitability depend. Eligible management employees of our
           company will be entitled to certain benefits, including cash payments, incentive share award and incentive share
           option, additional insurance programs and pension plans. In addition, we intend to hire certain eligible retiring
           management employees of our company as consultants for a period of time following retirement to avail our
           company of the consultant’s knowledge, expertise and experience.




210   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Under these agreements,
each of our executive officers is employed for a specified time period. We may terminate employment for
cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer, such as
conviction or plea of guilty to a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, negligent or dishonest acts to our
detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform agreed duties. Without the foregoing causes, we may also
terminate an executive officer’s employment in accordance with the applicable law of the jurisdiction where the
executive officer is based, and in such case of termination by us, we will provide severance payments to the
executive officer as expressly required by such applicable law. The executive officer may resign at any time with
a 30-day advance written notice.


Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or her
employment agreement, in strict confidence and not to use, except as required in the performance of his or
her duties in connection with the employment or pursuant to applicable law, any of our confidential information
or trade secrets, any confidential information or trade secrets of our clients or prospective clients, or the
confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which we have confidential
obligations. The executive officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all inventions, designs and
trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce to practice during the executive officer’s employment
with us and to assign all right, title and interest in them to us, and assist us in obtaining and enforcing patents,
copyrights and other legal rights for these inventions, designs and trade secrets.


In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions
during the term of his or her employment and typically for two years following the last date of employment.
Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to (i) approach our suppliers, clients, customers or contacts
or other persons or entities introduced to the executive officer in his or her capacity as a representative of us
for the purpose of doing business with such persons or entities that will harm our business relationships with
these persons or entities; (ii) assume employment with or provide services to any of our competitors, or engage,
whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, any of our competitors, without our express consent; or (iii)
seek directly or indirectly, to solicit the services of any of our employees who is employed by us on or after the
date of the executive officer’s termination, or in the year preceding such termination, without our express consent.


We have also entered into indemnification agreements with some of our directors and executive officers,
agreeing to indemnify them against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
claims made by reason of their being a director or officer of our company.


Share Incentive Plans
Our Share Incentive Plans
Our current share incentive plan became effective on December 21, 2023. We refer to this as the 2023 Plan.
Our previous plan was adopted in November 2014 and expired on December 20, 2023. We refer to that plan as
the 2014 Plan.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        211
      Part I (Continued)




           The awards that were outstanding on the expiration date of the 2014 Plan remained in force according to
           the terms of the 2014 Plan and the applicable award agreement. As of December 31, 2023, the awards that
           had been granted under the 2014 Plan to our directors, officers, employees and consultants and remained
           outstanding included (i) restricted share units to receive an aggregate of 53,988,060 ordinary shares, excluding
           restricted share units that were forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the relevant grant date, and (ii) options
           to purchase an aggregate of 17,803,820 ordinary shares, excluding options that were forfeited, cancelled, or
           exercised after the relevant grant date.


           The maximum aggregate number of our shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards under the 2023 Plan
           was 223,666,717 at the time of its adoption, which was equal to the unused balance under the 2014 Plan. On
           the first day of each new fiscal year during the term of the 2023 Plan, the number of shares reserved for future
           issuances under our 2023 Plan increases by a number equal to 1% of the total number of outstanding shares
           as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. The maximum aggregate number of our shares
           which may be issued pursuant to all awards under our 2023 Plan is 255,109,079 shares as of the date of this
           annual report.


           As of December 31, 2023, no grants had been made under the 2023 Plan.


           In May 2015, with the approval of the board of directors, our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, was granted
           an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company, at an exercise price of
           US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award vested
           on each anniversary of the grant date. The number of restricted shares, restricted share units and options that
           were granted to each of our other directors and executive officers and remain outstanding represents less than
           1% of our total outstanding ordinary shares on an as-converted basis as of March 31, 2024. The awards to our
           other directors and executive officers have two-year, three-year, four-year or six-year vesting schedules, mostly
           with an equal installment vesting at the end of each calendar year following the grant or on the anniversary of
           the grant date. Starting from 2016, certain awards have multiple tranches with tiered vesting commencement
           dates from 2016 to 2020, and each of the tranches is subject to a six-year vesting schedule.


           The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2023 Plan.


           Types of Awards. The 2023 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares, restricted share units or any
           other type of awards that the committee or the board decides.


           Plan Administration. Our board of directors, our compensation committee or a sub-committee designated by our
           board will administer the 2023 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as applicable, will determine
           the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be granted to each participant, and the
           terms and conditions of each award grant.


           Award Agreement. Awards granted under the 2023 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement that sets forth
           terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the award, the provisions
           applicable in the event of the grantee’s employment or service terminates, and our authority to unilaterally or
           bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the award.
212   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




Eligibility. We may grant awards to our employees, directors and consultants. However, we may grant options
that are intended to qualify as incentive share options only to our employees.


Acceleration of Awards upon Change in Control. If a change in control of our company occurs, the plan
administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for (i) all awards outstanding to terminate at a specific time in
the future and give each participant the right to exercise the vested portion of such awards during a specific
period of time, or (ii) the purchase of any award for an amount of cash equal to the amount that could have been
attained upon the exercise of such award, or (iii) the replacement of such award with other rights or property
selected by the plan administrator in its sole discretion, or (iv) payment of award in cash based on the value of
ordinary shares on the date of the change-in-control transaction plus reasonable interest.


Vesting Schedule. In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is specified in the
award agreement.


Exercise of Options. The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which is stated in
the award agreement. The vested portion of option will expire if not exercised prior to the time as the plan
administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum exercisable term is the tenth anniversary
after the date of a grant.


Transfer Restrictions. Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the recipient other than by will or the
laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise provided by the plan administrator.


Termination of the 2023 Plan. Unless terminated earlier, the 2023 Plan will terminate automatically on
December 20, 2033. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plan subject to
shareholder approval to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with applicable law. Shareholder approval
is required for any amendment to the 2023 Plan that (i) increases the number of shares available under the 2023
Plan, or (ii) permits the plan administrator to extend the term of the 2023 Plan or the exercise period for an
option beyond ten years from the date of grant.


Share Incentive Plans of our Consolidated Subsidiaries
In addition, certain of our consolidated subsidiaries approved and adopted their own share incentive plans.


JD Logistics adopted its own share incentive plans in 2018 and 2021, which permit the granting of stock
options, restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Logistics to its employees, directors and
consultants. JD Logistics granted 224,511,105 and 30,030,446 share options for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2021, respectively, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option was granted
in 2022 or 2023. JD Logistics also granted restricted share units to its employees, directors and consultants
starting from July 2021 and granted 9,663,953, 41,570,538 and 55,937,435 restricted share units in 2021, 2022
and 2023, respectively. In October 2020, options to acquire 99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with
an exercise price of US$0.01 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Logistics’s share incentive
plan. The grant is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of the awards vesting on each anniversary




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        213
      Part I (Continued)




           of the grant date. Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB1,201 million, RMB961 million and
           RMB793 million (US$112 million) under JD Logistics’s share incentive plans for the years ended December 31,
           2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


           JD Health adopted its own share incentive plans in 2020, which permits the granting of stock options, restricted
           share units and other types of awards of JD Health to its employees, directors and consultants. JD Health
           granted 94,770,812 share options in 2020, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option was
           granted in 2021, 2022 or 2023. JD Health also granted restricted share units to its employees, directors and
           consultants starting from January 2021, and granted 80,582,712, 4,638,422 and 6,051,558 restricted share
           units in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. In October 2020, options to acquire 53,042,516 ordinary shares
           of JD Health with an exercise price of US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD
           Health’s share incentive plan. The grant is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of the awards vesting
           on each anniversary of the grant date. Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB2,561 million,
           RMB2,068 million and RMB1,778 million (US$250 million) under JD Health’s share incentive plans for the years
           ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


           JD Property adopted its own share incentive plan in 2021, which permits the granting of stock options,
           restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Property to its employees, directors and consultants.
           JD Property granted 193,059,698 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021.
           The restricted share units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on November 25, 2021. JD Property granted
           108,399,512 and 11,348,777 share options to its employees, directors and consultants for the years ended
           December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. In October 2022, options to acquire 81,446,610 ordinary shares
           of JD Property with an exercise US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD
           Property’ s share incentive plan, and the share options were fully vested on October 1, 2022. Total share-based
           compensation expenses were RMB467 million, RMB354 million and RMB34 million (US$5 million) under JD
           Property’s share incentive plan for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


           JD Industrials adopted its own share incentive plan in 2021, which permits the granting of stock options,
           restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Industrials to its employees, directors and consultants.
           JD Industrials granted 90,629,636 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021.
           The restricted share units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on December 30, 2021. JD Industrials granted
           2,660,000 and 47,915,455 share options to its employees, directors and consultants for the years ended
           December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB684 million,
           RMB7 million and RMB180 million (US$25 million) under JD Industrials’s share incentive plan for the years
           ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


      C.   Board Practices
           Board of Directors
           Our board of directors consists of seven directors. A director is not required to hold any shares in our company
           by way of qualification. A director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or
           transaction or proposed contract or transaction with our company must declare the nature of his interest at




214   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




a meeting of the directors. Subject to the Nasdaq Rules and disqualification by the chairman of the relevant
board meeting, a director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction
notwithstanding that he may be interested therein, and if he does so his vote will be counted and he may be
counted in the quorum at the relevant board meeting at which such contract or transaction or proposed contract
or transaction is considered. The directors may exercise all the powers of the company to borrow money and
to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and to issue debentures or other securities
whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third
party. None of our non-executive directors has a service contract with us that provides for benefits upon
termination of service.


Committees of the Board of Directors
We have established four committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation
committee, a nomination committee, and an environmental, social and governance (ESG) committee. We have
adopted a charter for each of the four committees.


Audit Committee
Our audit committee consists of Louis T. Hsieh, Ming Huang and Dingbo Xu. Mr. Hsieh is the chairperson of
our audit committee. We have determined that Mr. Hsieh, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu satisfy the “independence”
requirements of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The audit committee
oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our
company. The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


•    appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to
     be performed by the independent auditors;


•    reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;


•    discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors;


•    reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures
     and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures;


•    reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;


•    meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and


•    monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy
     and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        215
      Part I (Continued)




           Compensation Committee
           Our compensation committee consists of Ming Huang and Carol Yun Yau Li. Mr. Huang is the chairperson of
           our compensation committee. We have determined that Mr. Huang and Ms. Li satisfy the “independence”
           requirements of Nasdaq. The compensation committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the
           compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers.
           Our chief executive officer may not be present at any committee meeting during which his compensation is
           deliberated. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for our chief
                 executive officer and other executive officers;


           •     reviewing and recommending to the board for determination with respect to the compensation of our non-
                 employee directors;


           •     reviewing periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or similar
                 arrangements; and


           •     selecting compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into consideration all
                 factors relevant to that person’s independence from management.


           Nomination Committee
           Our nomination committee consists of Dingbo Xu, Louis T. Hsieh and Caroline Scheufele. Mr. Xu is the
           chairperson of our nomination committee. Mr. Xu, Mr. Hsieh and Ms. Scheufele satisfy the “independence”
           requirements of Nasdaq. The nomination committee assists the board of directors in selecting individuals
           qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees. The
           nomination committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     selecting and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or appointment by
                 the board;


           •     reviewing annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics such
                 as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity; and


           •     making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the
                 functioning of the committees of the board.




216   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee
Our ESG committee consists of Richard Qiangdong Liu, Dingbo Xu and Carol Yun Yau Li. Mr. Liu is the
chairperson of our ESG committee. The ESG committee assists the board of the directors in overseeing the ESG
relevant to our Company. The ESG committee is responsible for, among other things:


•    reviewing the formulation of our ESG vision, strategies, and plans, the progress of our ESG-related practice
     and internal control system, the objectives and implementation of our ESG-related work, as well as our
     annual ESG report;


•    overseeing the status of any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity threats to
     us and maintaining oversight of the disclosure related to cybersecurity matters of the periodic reports; and


•    advising the board periodically with regards to significant developments in the law and practice of
     corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and making
     recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any remedial action to be
     taken.
Terms of Directors and Executive Officers
Our officers are elected by the board of directors. Our directors are appointed either by an ordinary
resolution of our shareholders, or by a resolution of our board of directors (including the affirmative vote of
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu for so long as he is a director). Our non-independent directors are not subject to
a term of office and hold office until such time as they are removed from office by ordinary resolution of the
shareholders. Our independent directors are subject to a contractual one-year term, which may be renewed for
one additional year, unless either party provides a prior written notice to the other party before the initial term
expires indicating the intention not to renew. A director will cease to be a director if, among other things, the
director (i) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors; (ii) dies or is found by
our company to be or becomes of unsound mind; (iii) resigns his office by notice in writing to our company; (iv)
without special leave of absence from our board of directors, is absent from meetings of our board of directors
for three consecutive meetings and the board resolves that his office be vacated; or (v) is removed from office
pursuant to any other provision of our memorandum and articles of association.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        217
      Part I (Continued)




           Board Diversity Matrix


                                                   Board Diversity Matrix (as of March 31, 2024)

           Country of Principal Executive Offices:                                            People’s Republic of China

           Foreign Private Issuer                                                                        Yes

           Disclosure Prohibited Under Home Country Law                                                  No

           Total Number of Directors                                                                      7

                                                                                                                           Did Not
                                                                                                                           Disclose
                                                                                Female          Male        Non Binary     Gender
           Part I: Gender Identity

           Directors                                                                3             4             —             —

           Part II: Demographic Background

           Underrepresented Individual in Home Country
               Jurisdiction                                                                             —
           LGBTQ+                                                                                       —
           Did Not Disclose Demographic Background                                                      —


      D.   Employees
           As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we had a total of 385,357, 450,679 and 517,124 employees,
           respectively. The following is a breakdown of our employees as of December 31, 2023 by function:


           Function                                                                                                         Number

           Procurement                                                                                                        23,687
           Warehouses                                                                                                         70,451
           Delivery                                                                                                          355,018
           Customer Service                                                                                                   27,157
           Research and Development                                                                                           14,128
           Sales and Marketing                                                                                                16,561
           General and Administrative                                                                                         10,122

           TOTAL                                                                                                             517,124


           *      The number of employees shown above excludes part-time staff and interns.




218   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




With so many employees, we place great emphasis on our corporate culture to ensure that we maintain
consistently high standards everywhere we operate.


We invest resources in the recruitment of employees in support of our fast-growing business operations. In
2023, we recruited new employees in connection with the expansion of our business, and we will continue to
invest resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. In 2023, we have invested a considerable
amount of resources in employee career development and training. We have clear talent criteria and have
applied them to the whole process of talent management. In the talent management activities throughout
the year, we not only pay attention to the improvement of employees’ ability and quality, but also pay special
attention to incentive development, in particularly emphasized the mindset of “contributor-oriented,” so that
to enable all kinds of talents to have a “sense of goal” and “sense of fulfillment.” We lay special emphasis
on the building of talent pipeline and the building of organizational cultural cohesion. We have established a
comprehensive employee training and development system covering leadership, general competencies, and
professional competencies. Our comprehensive training program covers corporate culture, employee rights
and responsibilities, team building, professional behavior, job performance, management skills, leadership, and
administrative decision-making. As of December 31, 2023, over 1,100 management trainees had undergone our
dedicated management training program.


We also sponsored selected senior and mid-level managers to participate in part-time EMBA programs. In
addition, we launched “Go to college in JD” program in association with well-known universities in November
2013. All employees are eligible to join the program voluntarily and get scholarship from us once they obtain
their bachelor’s or master’s diploma, or have opportunity to apply an interest-free loan for their tuition fees from
us. To boost our strategy of exploring oversea markets, we also have been recruiting international management
trainees who are MBA graduates from top universities worldwide.


As required by regulations in China, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit
plans, including social insurance funds, namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an
unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a
housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to contribute to employee benefit plans at specified
percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees up to a maximum amount
specified by the local government from time to time.


We enter into standard labor contracts with our employees. We also enter into standard confidentiality and non-
compete agreements with our senior management. The non-compete restricted period typically expires within
two years after the termination of employment, and we agree to compensate the employee with a certain
percentage of his or her pre-departure salary during the restricted period.


We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any
major labor disputes.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        219
      Part I (Continued)




      E.   Share Ownership
           The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
           March 31, 2024 by:


           •     each of our directors and executive officers; and


           •     each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our total outstanding shares.


           The calculations in the table below are based on 3,060,465,925 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 31,
           2024, comprising of (i) 2,737,299,301 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 122,968,412 Class A ordinary shares,
           which consisted of shares issued to our depositary bank for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances
           upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under our share incentive plans and shares repurchased but not
           yet cancelled), and (ii) 323,166,624 Class B ordinary shares.


           Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In computing the
           number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership and voting power percentage
           of that person, we have included shares and associated votes that the person has the right to acquire within
           60 days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other
           security. These shares and associated votes, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage
           ownership of any other person. Ordinary shares held by a shareholder are determined in accordance with our
           register of members.




220   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                     Part I (Continued)




                                             Class A                Class B                                 % of Total                     % of
                                           Ordinary               Ordinary Total Ordinary                      Ordinary            Aggregate
                                              Shares                    Shares             Shares                Shares        Voting Power

Directors and Executive
      Officers:
Richard Qiangdong Liu                    37,374,550(1)        305,630,780(1)        343,005,330(1)                   11.2(1)                70.5(2)
Sandy Ran Xu                                          *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Ming Huang          (3)
                                                      *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Louis T. Hsieh(4)                                     *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Dingbo Xu(5)                                          *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Caroline Scheufele              (6)
                                                      *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Carol Yun Yau Li          (7)
                                                      *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Ian Su Shan                                           *                     —                     *                      *                      *
Pang Zhang                                            *                     —                     *                      *                      *
All Directors and
      Executive Officers as a
      Group                              37,943,764           305,630,780           343,574,544                      11.2                   70.6(2)
Principal Shareholders:
Max Smart Limited(8)                     22,974,550           305,630,780           328,605,330                      10.7                   66.7
Walmart       (9)
                                       289,053,746                          —       289,053,746                        9.4                   3.1
Fortune Rising Holdings
      Limited(10)                                    —          17,535,844            17,535,844                       0.6                   3.8


*        Less than 1% of our total outstanding ordinary shares.


**       Except for Mr. Ming Huang, Mr. Louis T. Hsieh, Mr. Dingbo Xu, Ms. Caroline Scheufele and Ms. Carol Yun Yau Li, the business address
         of our directors and executive officers is JD national headquarters at No. 18 Kechuang 11 Street, Yizhuang Economic and Technological
         Development Zone, Daxing District, Beijing 101111, P.R. China.


(1)      Represents (i) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing 22,974,550
         Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, and (iii) 14,400,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Liu had the right to acquire upon
         exercise of options that shall have become vested within 60 days after March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2024, Mr. Liu has not exercised
         his right to acquire such Class A ordinary shares. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by Mr. Richard
         Qiangdong Liu through a trust and of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole director, as described in footnote (8) below. The ordinary
         shares beneficially owned by Mr. Liu do not include 17,535,844 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, a British
         Virgin Islands company, as described in footnote (10) below.


(2)      The aggregate voting power includes the voting power with respect to the 17,535,844 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising
         Holdings Limited. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited and he may
         be deemed to beneficially own the voting power with respect to all of the ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited in
         accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, notwithstanding the facts described in footnote (10) below.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023              221
      Part I (Continued)




           (3)    The business address of Mr. Huang is 22 W 66th Street, New York, NY 10023, United States.


           (4)    The business address of Mr. Hsieh is The Harbourside, Tower 2, 37-B, I Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


           (5)    The business address of Professor Xu is Building 20, Zhongguancun Software Park, 8 Dongbeiwang West Road, Haidian District, Beijing, China.


           (6)    The business address of Ms. Scheufele is Chopard & Cie SA, Rue de Veyrot 8, 1217 Meyrin, Switzerland.


           (7)    The business address of Ms. Li is Tower B 36/F, 8 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.


           (8)    Represents (i) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited and (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing
                  22,974,550 Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially
                  owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu through a trust and of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole director. The registered address
                  of Max Smart Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.


           (9)    Based on the information provided by Walmart, represents (i) 144,952,250 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 72,050,748 ADSs, representing
                  144,101,496 Class A ordinary shares, owned jointly by (i) Walmart, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware,
                  (ii) Newheight Holdings Ltd., or Newheight, a company organized under the laws of the Luxembourg, and (iii) Qomolangma Holdings Ltd.,
                  or Qomolangma, a company organized under the laws of the Luxembourg. Walmart wholly owns each of Qomolangma and Newheight
                  indirectly through a number of other wholly-owned subsidiaries. Newheight is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qomolangma. The address
                  of the principal business office of Walmart is 702 S.W. Eighth Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716. The address of the principal
                  business office of both Newheight and Qomolangma is 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg
                  R.C.S Luxembourg.


           (10)   Represents 17,535,844 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds these
                  Class B ordinary shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants according to our awards under our share
                  incentive plans, and administers the awards and acts according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited exercises the voting
                  power with respect to these shares according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is a company incorporated in the British
                  Virgin Islands. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. The registered
                  address of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.


           To our knowledge, as of March 31, 2024, a total of 1,061,329,563 Class A ordinary shares were held by four
           record holders in the United States, and one of these holders is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
           the depositary of our ADS program, which held 37.1% of our Class A ordinary shares on record, representing
           approximately 33.3% of our total issued shares on record as of March 31, 2024 (including shares issued to it
           for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under
           our share incentive plans, shares repurchased but not yet cancelled, and the Class A ordinary shares held in our
           Hong Kong register of members). The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the United States is likely to
           be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the United States.


           Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class A
           ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to
           twenty votes per share. Holders of Class A and Class B ordinary shares vote together as one class on all matters
           subject to a shareholders’ vote. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any
           time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under
           any circumstance. See “Additional Information — Memorandum and Articles of Association” for a more detailed
           description of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.


           We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of our
           company.



222   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




F.   Disclosure of A Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation
     Not applicable.


Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
A.   Major Shareholders
     Please refer to “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Share Ownership.”

B.   Related Party Transactions
     Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities and Their Shareholders
     PRC laws and regulations currently limit foreign ownership of companies that engage in businesses such as
     value-added telecommunications service business in China. Due to these restrictions, we operate the relevant
     portion of our business through contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities. For a
     description of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”


     Agreements and Business Cooperation with Tencent
     On March 25, 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares
     of our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders, and its shareholding in us changed to approximately
     2.3% at the time, and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our shares in the distribution have become our
     shareholders. We and Tencent continue to maintain our mutually beneficial business relationship, including our
     ongoing strategic partnership agreement.


     Strategic Cooperation Agreement
     On May 10, 2019, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for a period of three years
     starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to offer us prominent level 1 and level 2 access points on its
     Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and the two companies also intend to continue to cooperate in a
     number of areas including communications, advertising and membership services, among others. Such traffic
     support, advertising spending and other cooperation amounted to over US$800 million, which was paid or spent
     over the next three years. We agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a
     total consideration of approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates
     during the three-year period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of our Class A ordinary shares were
     issued in May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively.


     On June 29, 2022, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for another period of
     three years. Tencent continues to offer us prominent Level 1 and Level 2 access points on its Weixin platform
     to provide traffic support, and we also continue to cooperate in a number of areas including communications,
     technology services, marketing and advertising, and membership services, among others. The value of such
     cooperation is to be paid or spent in cash and in the form of our shares combined over the next three years. As a
     part of the total consideration, we agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for
     a consideration of up to US$220 million by reference to prevailing market prices at certain predetermined dates
     during the three-year period, of which 2,164,326 and 3,761,270 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in
     July 2022 and May 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        223
      Part I (Continued)




           Business Cooperation with Tencent. In 2021, we generated RMB248 million commission services revenues
           from cooperation on advertising business with Tencent, RMB553 million revenues from services provided to
           and products sold to Tencent, and purchased a total amount of RMB5,010 million advertising resources and
           payment processing services from Tencent. Tencent ceased to be a related party of us since March 2022 when
           it completed the distribution of our Class A ordinary shares to its shareholders and reduced its shareholding
           in us. In the period from January to March 2022, we generated RMB44 million commission services revenues
           from cooperation on advertising business with Tencent, RMB77 million revenues from services provided to and
           products sold to Tencent, and purchased a total amount of RMB1,314 million advertising resources and payment
           processing services from Tencent.


           Agreements and Transactions Relating to JD Technology
           On June 20, 2020, JD Technology adopted a dual class voting structure. The shares held by Mr. Richard
           Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten votes per
           share, while Mr. Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party transaction
           with JD Technology. As a result of this dual class voting structure, as of December 31, 2023, we held
           approximately 22.1% voting power, and Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan together
           held 52.4% of the total voting power of JD Technology.


           On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization of
           JD Cloud & AI. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and certain assets together
           valued at approximately RMB15.7 billion to JD Technology, in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of JD
           Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud & AI, we also transferred some equipment
           and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees of JD Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology
           paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was
           deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity interest in JD Technology increased
           from 36.8% to 41.7%.


           Please see “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company” for further information.


           Set forth below is a summary of the key provisions of the currently effective material agreements between us
           and JD Technology.


           Shareholders Agreement. The shareholders agreement of JD Technology provides for certain special rights,
           including preemptive right and right to consent for certain matters and contains provisions governing the board
           of directors and other corporate governance matters.


           Non-Compete Agreement. We and JD Technology have each agreed to certain limitations on our respective
           ability to enter into or participate in the same line of business as the other party. JD Technology may not
           engage in the e-commerce business conducted by us or our subsidiaries without our prior written consent,
           unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the common control of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu. Without
           the prior written consent of JD Technology, we are restricted from engaging in the financial products, financial




224   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




derivatives, and other financial-related businesses operated by JD Technology and its subsidiaries, including
consumer finance, supply chain finance, third party payment, factoring, insurance brokerage and agency, crowd
funding (including product and equity crowd funding), wealth management, securities brokerage, banking,
financial leasing, asset management, and credit reporting, unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the
common control of Mr. Liu. We, however, may make passive investments in competing businesses which we
do not control.


Business Transactions with JD Technology and its Subsidiaries
JD Technology is a related party controlled by our chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu,
through his equity stake and voting arrangements in JD Technology. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we provided
services and sold goods to JD Technology in a total amount of RMB882 million, RMB2,506 million and
RMB1,696 million (US$239 million), respectively. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we received payment processing
and other services provided by JD Technology in the amount of RMB8,762 million, RMB11,494 million and
RMB13,833 million (US$1,948 million), respectively. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, interest income in the amount of
RMB253 million, RMB301 million and RMB287 million (US$40 million) was recognized in relation to the financial
support provided to JD Technology by us, respectively. JD Technology performs the credit risk assessment
services and earns fees for providing such services, and JD Technology purchases the consumer financing
receivables past due over certain agreed period of time from us at carrying values without recourse and also
agree to bear other cost directly related to the consumer financing to absorb the risks. In connection with the
agreements, the total amount of over-due receivables related to the consumer financing sold from us to JD
Technology were RMB77 million, RMB237 million and RMB240 million (US$34 million) for the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


We also transferred certain financial assets to JD Technology without recourse at fair value. The amount
of accounts receivables transferred without recourse in 2021, 2022 and 2023 were RMB43,299 million,
RMB50,282 million and RMB55,028 million (US$7,751 million), respectively, and were derecognized.


As of December 31, 2023, we had a total amount of RMB1,447 million (US$204 million) due to JD Technology.


Transactions with Our Equity Investees and Other Related Parties
Business Transaction and Non-compete Obligation with Dada. In April 2016, we contributed certain resources
and US$200 million in cash in exchange for newly issued equity interest in Dada. On the completion date of the
transaction, the traffic support, marketing and promotion services to be provided to Dada which had a fair value
of approximately US$67 million were recorded as deferred revenues and would be recognized as net service
revenues, and the non-compete obligation with Dada which had a fair value of approximately US$83 million were
recorded as other liabilities and would be recognized as other income over a period of seven years on a straight-
line basis starting from May 2016. In 2021 and the period from January to February, 2022, other income in the
amount of RMB77 million and RMB13 million had been recognized, respectively. In 2021 and the period from
January to February, 2022, we provided services and sold goods to Dada in a total amount of RMB523 million
and RMB135 million, respectively, and in the same periods, we also received services from Dada in a total
amount of RMB1,087 million and RMB212 million, respectively.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        225
      Part I (Continued)




           On March 22, 2021, we entered into a share subscription agreement through a subsidiary with Dada, and further
           entered into an amendment to share subscription agreement on February 25, 2022, under which Dada issued
           to us 109,215,017 ordinary shares, for a total consideration of (i) an aggregate purchase price of US$546 million
           in cash, and (ii) our signing and delivery of a business cooperation agreement to Dada, pursuant to which we
           will provide certain strategic resources to Dada, at a closing that occurred on February 28, 2022. Immediately
           following the closing, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and began to
           consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. Dada ceased to be a related party of ours since February
           2022. As of December 31, 2023, we owned approximately 53% issued and outstanding shares of Dada.


           Business Transactions with the Property Funds. JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and
           integrated service platform, owns, develops and manages our logistics facilities and other real estate properties
           to support JD Logistics and third parties. Since 2019, we entered into definitive agreements with the Property
           Funds, pursuant to which we sold certain of our completed and uncompleted logistics facilities.


           For the logistics facilities under the Property Funds that met the closing conditions, we recorded a disposal
           gain of RMB0.8 billion, RMB1.4 billion and RMB2.3 billion (US$0.3 billion) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.
           We will derecognize the remaining logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition. In addition,
           subsequent to the disposition, we have leased back the completed facilities from the Property Funds for
           operational purposes, and JD Property has started serving as the asset manager managing the Property Funds’
           assets. We will also lease back some of the facilities that sale to the Property Funds for operational purposes
           when such facility has been completed. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating
           Results — Selected Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” We received
           lease and property management services from the Property Funds in a total amount of RMB1,180 million,
           RMB1,249 million and RMB1,681 million (US$237 million) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Interest income
           in the amount of RMB39 million, RMB43 million and RMB56 million (US$8 million) was recognized in 2021,
           2022 and 2023, respectively, in connection with our financial support provided to the Property Funds. As of
           December 31, 2023, we had an amount of RMB1,563 million (US$220 million) due from the Property Funds.


           Business Transactions with ATRenew and its subsidiaries, or ATRenew Group. ATRenew Group is an equity
           investee of us, and its ADSs commenced trading on the NYSE in June 2021. In June 2019, we completed
           an investment of approximately RMB3.38 billion in ATRenew, an online second-hand consumer electronics
           trading platform. In connection with this investment, we merged our Paipai Secondhand business with and
           into ATRenew with certain exclusive traffic resources for the next five years, and additionally invested a
           certain amount of cash in exchange for additional preferred shares of ATRenew. In September and December
           2020, we completed further investment in existing and newly issued preferred shares of ATRenew for a cash
           consideration of RMB401 million. Upon the completion of the transaction, the traffic support, marketing and
           promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group were recorded as deferred revenues and would be
           recognized as net service revenues over the cooperation period of five years on a straight-line basis starting
           from June 2019. In addition, we made an additional investment of RMB129 million in ATRenew in April 2021
           and RMB321 million to acquire its ADSs in connection with its initial public offering in June 2021. The ADSs
           of ATRenew commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange in June 2021. As of December 31, 2023,
           we owned approximately 34% issued and outstanding shares of ATRenew. As of December 31, 2023, we had
           a total amount of RMB182 million (US$26 million) deferred revenues in relation to traffic support, marketing



226   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     and promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we provided services
     and sold goods to ATRenew Group in a total amount of RMB894 million, RMB806 million and RMB845 million
     (US$119 million), respectively. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we also received services from ATRenew Group in
     a total amount of RMB31 million, RMB4 million and nil, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, we had an
     amount of RMB53 million (US$7 million) due from ATRenew Group.


     Our transactions with equity investees other than those discussed above were insignificant, individually or in the
     aggregate, in each of the past three fiscal years.


     Our revenues from related parties, excluding those from the major related parties as described above,
     represented approximately 0.24%, 0.26% and 0.12% of total net revenues of our company for the years ended
     December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Transactions with related parties included in operating
     expenses, excluding those with the major related parties as described above, represented 0.17%, 0.13%
     and 0.12% of total operating expenses of our company for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
     2023, respectively.


     In addition, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman of the board of directors, has purchased his own aircraft
     for both business and personal use. The use of the aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty as
     employee is free of charge to us, and we have agreed to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operations
     of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such maintenance and incidental costs were insignificant for all
     periods presented.


     Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
     See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


     Share Incentives
     See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


C.   Interests of Experts and Counsel
     Not applicable.


Financial Information
A.   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information
     We have appended consolidated financial statements filed as part of this annual report.


     Legal Proceedings
     From time to time, we may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings relating to third-
     party and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving suppliers and third-party
     merchants, consumer protection claims, claims relating to data and privacy protection, employment related
     disputes, unfair competition and other matters in the ordinary course of our business.


     As we routinely enter into business contracts with our suppliers, third-party merchants and consumers on our
     platform, we have been and may continue to be involved in legal proceedings arising from contract or other


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         227
      Part I (Continued)




           disputes, including being named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed against our suppliers by third parties. For
           example, in July and August 2019, Shanghai Gopher Asset Management Co., Ltd., and Noah (Shanghai) Financial
           Leasing Co., Ltd. filed two separate lawsuits in Shanghai, requesting the court to enforce the fulfillment of
           payment obligations by Jingdong Century, one of our subsidiaries, to Shanghai Gopher Asset Management Co.,
           Ltd. and Noah (Shanghai) Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., respectively, under certain accounts receivable assignment
           confirmation letters allegedly signed by Jingdong Century. These two lawsuits relate to similar subject matters,
           and the plaintiffs allege that (i) Jingdong Century was a party to certain purchase agreements with its two
           suppliers, Guangdong Chengxing Holding Group Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Zhongcheng Industry Holding Co.,
           Ltd., and has payment obligations to these two suppliers under these agreements; and (ii) Jingdong Century
           confirmed and agreed to certain accounts receivable assignment confirmation letters (by affixing its seal to the
           letter) delivered by the plaintiffs and the two suppliers when the two suppliers assigned their rights under the
           purchase agreements to the plaintiffs. Jingdong Century did not confirm the accounts receivable assignment
           confirmation letters as alleged by the plaintiffs. In addition, Jingdong Century’s corporate seal that was allegedly
           affixed to the purchase agreements and accounts receivable assignment confirmation letters as claimed in
           these two cases is inconsistent with the corporate seal of Jingdong Century filed with the competent PRC
           government authority. The two plaintiffs have amended their claims seeking an aggregate of RMB3.5 billion
           damages on the basis of tort liability. We believe these lawsuits are without merit and we will continue to
           defend ourselves vigorously. There is uncertainty, however, regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of these
           lawsuits and the other legal proceedings in which we are involved. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
           Risks Related to Our Business — We may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings.”


           Dividend Policy
           Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
           memorandum and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition,
           our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, but no dividend may exceed the amount
           recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out
           of either profit or share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would
           result in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Even if
           our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future
           operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
           and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.


           In May 2022, our board of directors approved a cash dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share, or US$1.26
           per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively. The aggregate amount of the
           dividend was approximately US$2.0 billion. In March 2023, our board of directors approved a cash dividend of
           US$0.31 per ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs. The
           aggregate amount of the cash dividend was approximately US$1.0 billion. In March 2024, our board of directors
           approved an annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023 of US$0.38 per ordinary share, or
           US$0.76 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs. The aggregate amount of the dividend will
           be approximately US$1.2 billion. In addition, we have adopted an annual dividend policy, under which we may
           choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, at an amount determined in relation to our financial
           performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors. The determination to make dividend distributions
           in any particular year will be made at the discretion of our board of directors based upon factors such as our



228   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




     results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, business strategies and prospects, capital requirements,
     regulatory constraints to the extent relevant, availability of foreign currency and other considerations that the
     board deems relevant.


     We are a holding company registered by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. We may
     rely on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for our cash requirements, including any payment of dividends
     to our shareholders. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We may rely on dividends and
     other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
     have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and
     adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”


     If we pay any dividends on our ordinary shares, we will pay those dividends which are payable in respect of the
     ordinary shares underlying our ADSs to the depositary, as the registered holder of such ordinary shares, and
     the depositary will then pay such amounts to our ADS holders in proportion to the ordinary shares underlying
     the ADSs held by such ADS holders, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and
     expenses payable thereunder. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars.


B.   Significant Changes
     Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes since the
     date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.


The Offer and Listing
A.   Offering and Listing Details
     Our ADSs, each representing two of our Class A ordinary shares, have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22,
     2014. Our ADSs trade under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under
     the stock code “9618.” Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 7, 2023 under the
     stock code “89618.”


B.   Plan of Distribution
     Not applicable.


C.   Markets
     Our ADSs have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22, 2014 under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under
     the stock code “9618.” Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 7, 2023 under the
     stock code “89618.”


D.   Selling Shareholders
     Not applicable.


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        229
      Part I (Continued)




      E.   Dilution
           Not applicable.


      F.   Expenses of the Issue
           Not applicable.


      Additional Information
      A.   Share Capital
           Not applicable.


      B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association
           We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability and our affairs are governed by our
           memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time, and the Companies Act
           (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, which is referred to as the Companies Act below, and the common law of
           the Cayman Islands.


           The following are summaries of material provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association,
           which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual general meeting of our company held on
           June 21, 2023, insofar as they relate to the material terms of our ordinary shares.


           Registered Office and Objects
           Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited at
           PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other location within the
           Cayman Islands as our board of directors may from time to time decide. The objects for which our company is
           established are unrestricted and we have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the
           Companies Act, as amended from time to time, or any other law of the Cayman Islands.


           Board of Directors
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices.”


           Ordinary Shares
           General. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable.


           Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in our register of members.
           Our shareholders who are nonresidents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their ordinary shares.
           Our company will issue only non-negotiable shares, and will not issue bearer or negotiable shares.


           Ordinary Shares. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.
           Holders of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will have the same rights except for
           voting and conversion rights. Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form. Our shareholders who are
           non-residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their shares.




230   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Conversion. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder
thereof. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon
(i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting power
attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any person or
entity that is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of such holder,
or (ii) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding
voting securities or the voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer, assignment or
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is an entity to any
person or entity that is not an Affiliate of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and
immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary shares will be
automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares when Mr. Richard
Qiangdong Liu ceases to be a director and the chief executive officer of our company, or in some other specified
situations as set out in our memorandum and articles of association.


Dividends. The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
of directors. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may
exceed the amount recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, dividends may be declared and
paid only out of funds legally available therefor, namely out of either profit or our share premium account, and
provided further that a dividend may not be paid if this would result in our company being unable to pay its
debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Dividends received by each Class B ordinary share and
Class A ordinary share in any dividend distribution shall be the same.


Voting Rights. Our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as may otherwise be required by law or provided for
in our current memorandum and articles of association. In respect of matters requiring shareholders’ vote, on
a poll, each Class A ordinary share is entitled to one vote, and each Class B ordinary share is entitled to twenty
votes, except for where any holder of such shares are required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules to abstain from
voting to approve the matter under consideration. Voting at any shareholders’ meeting is by show of hands
unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded. A poll may be
demanded by the chairman of such meeting or any shareholder holding not less than 10% of the votes of the
issued and outstanding voting shares in our company present in person or by proxy.


A quorum required for a meeting of shareholders consists of one or more shareholders present in person or by
proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative, and holding shares
which represent, in aggregate, (i) not less than 10% of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares
of our Company, for as long as the shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or (ii) otherwise
not less than one-third of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares of our company and entitled
to vote, present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized
representative, shall be quorum for all purposes. Shareholders may be present in person or by proxy or, if the
shareholder is a legal entity, by its duly authorized representative.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         231
      Part I (Continued)




           An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority
           of the votes cast by those shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general
           meeting. Holders of the ordinary shares may, among other things, divide or consolidate their shares by ordinary
           resolution. A special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than two-thirds of the votes cast by those
           shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting. A special resolution
           will be required for important matters such as a change of name or making changes to our current memorandum
           and articles of association. Both ordinary resolutions and special resolutions may also be passed by a unanimous
           written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our company, as permitted by the Companies Act and our
           current memorandum and articles of association.


           Under our current memorandum and articles of association, so long as the total issued and outstanding
           Class B ordinary shares constitute a majority of our aggregate voting rights of our company and shareholders
           of our company immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering (exclusive of Max Smart
           Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) hold a majority of
           our total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, any amendments to our current memorandum and
           articles of association and certain related party transactions between Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu or any of his
           immediate family members or Affiliates, on one hand, and our company or any of our company’s subsidiaries
           or consolidated affiliated entities on the other hand, require approval by both (i) holders of a majority of the
           total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (exclusive of Max Smart Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings
           Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) and (ii) holders of a majority of our aggregate voting
           rights in addition to a special resolution (in the case of amendments to our memorandum and articles of
           association) or an ordinary resolution (in any other case).


           Liquidation. On a winding up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among our shareholders
           shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the winding up,
           the surplus will be distributed among our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them
           at the commencement of the winding up, subject to a deduction from those shares in respect of which there
           are monies due, of all monies payable to our company for unpaid calls or otherwise. If our assets available for
           distribution are insufficient to repay all of the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses are
           borne by our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them.


           Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares. Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon
           shareholders for any amounts unpaid on their shares. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid
           are subject to forfeiture.


           Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares. We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject
           to redemption, at our option or at the option of the holders thereof, on such terms and in such manner as
           may be determined, before the issue of such shares, by our board of directors or by a special resolution of our
           shareholders. Our company may also repurchase any of our shares provided that the manner and terms of such
           purchase have been approved by our board of directors or by ordinary resolution of our shareholders, or are
           otherwise authorized by our current memorandum and articles of association. Under the Companies Act, the
           redemption or repurchase of any share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the proceeds of a



232   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




fresh issue of shares made for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or out of capital (including share
premium account and capital redemption reserve) if our company can, immediately following such payment, pay
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. In addition, under the Companies Act no such share
may be redeemed or repurchased (a) unless it is fully paid up, (b) if such redemption or repurchase would result
in there being no shares issued and outstanding, or (c) if the company has commenced liquidation. In addition,
our company may accept the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.


Variations of Rights of Shares. The rights attached to any class of shares (unless otherwise provided by the
terms of issue of the shares of that class or series), may only be materially adversely varied with the consent in
writing of the holders of a majority of the issued shares of that class or series or with the sanction of a special
resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.


Anti-Takeover Provisions. Some provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association may
discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or management that shareholders may
consider favorable, including provisions that:


•    authorize our board of directors to issue preference shares in one or more series and to designate the
     price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of such preference shares without any further vote or
     action by our shareholders; and


•    limit the ability of shareholders to requisition and convene general meetings of shareholders.


However, under Cayman Islands law, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them
under our current memorandum and articles of association for a proper purpose and for what they believe in
good faith to be in the best interests of our company.


General Meetings of Shareholders and Shareholder Proposals. Our shareholders’ general meetings may be held
in such place within or outside the Cayman Islands as our board of directors considers appropriate. Our current
memorandum and articles of association provide that we shall in each year hold a general meeting as our annual
general meeting within six months (or such other period as may be permitted by the Hong Kong Listing Rules
or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) after the end of the Company’s financial year, for as long as our
Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Shareholders’ annual general meetings and any other general meetings of our shareholders may be convened by
a majority of our board of directors or our chairman. At least 14 days’ notice, for as long as our Class A ordinary
shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or otherwise at least 7 days’ notice, shall be given to
those persons whose names appear as members in our register of members on the date the notice is given (or
on any other date determined by our directors to be the record date for such meeting) and who are entitled to
vote at the meeting.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        233
      Part I (Continued)




           Cayman Islands law provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting, and does not
           provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting. However, these rights may
           be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our current memorandum and articles of association allow
           one or more of our shareholders holding shares representing in aggregate (i) no less than 10%, on a one vote
           per share basis, for as long as our Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or
           (ii) otherwise not less than one-third, of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares which, as at that
           date of the deposit, carry the right to vote at general meetings of our company, to requisition an extraordinary
           general meeting of our shareholders, in which case our directors are obliged to call such meeting and to put
           the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting; however, our current memorandum and articles of
           association do not provide our shareholders with any right to put any proposals before annual general meetings
           or extraordinary general meetings not called by such shareholders.


           Limitations on the Right to Own Shares. There are no limitations on the right to own our shares.


           Transfer of Shares. Any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her ordinary shares by an instrument
           of transfer in the usual or common form or any other form approved by our board of directors.


           However, our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any ordinary
           share which is not fully paid up or on which our company has a lien. Our board of directors may also decline to
           register any transfer of any ordinary share unless:


           •     the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary shares to
                 which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right
                 of the transferor to make the transfer;


           •     the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares;


           •     the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;


           •     the ordinary shares transferred are free of any lien in favor of us;


           •     any fee related to the transfer has been paid to us; or


           •     in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the transfer is not to more than four joint holders.


           If our directors refuse to register a transfer they are required, within three months after the date on which the
           instrument of transfer was lodged, to send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal.


           Directors’ Power to Issue Shares. Our current memorandum and articles of association authorize our board of
           directors to issue additional ordinary shares from time to time as our board of directors shall determine, to the
           extent of available authorized but unissued shares.




234   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




Our current memorandum and articles of association also authorize our board of directors to establish from time
to time one or more series of preference shares and to determine, with respect to any series of preference
shares, the terms and rights of that series, including:


•    the designation of the series;


•    the number of shares of the series;


•    the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights; and


•    the rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences.


Our board of directors may issue preference shares without action by our shareholders to the extent of
available authorized but unissued shares. Issuance of these shares may dilute the voting power of holders
of ordinary shares.


Exempted Company. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The
Companies Act in the Cayman Islands distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted
companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of
the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted
company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges
listed below:


•    an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar
     of Companies;


•    an exempted company’s register of members is not required to be open to inspection;


•    an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;


•    an exempted company may issue no par value shares;


•    an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such
     undertakings are given for up to 30 years);


•    an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in
     the Cayman Islands;


•    an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and


•    an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       235
      Part I (Continued)




           “Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder
           on that shareholder’s shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
           establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a
           court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). We are subject to reporting and other informational
           requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable to foreign private issuers. Except as otherwise disclosed in this
           annual report, we currently intend to comply with the Nasdaq rules in lieu of following home country practice.


           Register of Members. Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there should be
           entered therein:


           •     the names and addresses of our members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member,
                 and such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of
                 each member, (ii) the number and category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant
                 category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company,
                 and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional;


           •     the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and


           •     the date on which any person ceased to be a member.


           Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set
           out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless
           rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members is deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to
           have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members.


           If the name of any person is incorrectly entered in or omitted from our register of members, or if there is any
           default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member
           of our company, the person or member aggrieved (or any member of our company or our company itself) may
           apply to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for an order that the register be rectified, and the Court may
           either refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order for the rectification
           of the register.


      C.   Material Contracts
           Other than in the ordinary course of business and other than those described under “Information on the
           Company” or “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions-Related Party Transactions” or elsewhere in
           this annual report, we have not entered into any material contract during the two years immediately preceding
           the date of this annual report.


           Investor Rights Agreement with Walmart
           In connection with our issuance of 144,952,250 Class A ordinary shares to Newheight, a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of Walmart, in return for Walmart’s transferring to us Yihaodian marketplace platform assets,
           including the Yihaodian brand, mobile apps and websites, and entering into business cooperation arrangements
           with us in June 2016.

236   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     We entered into an investor rights agreement with Newheight dated June 20, 2016. Pursuant to the investor
     rights agreement:


     •    Observer right. So long as Newheight and certain other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Walmart hold no
          less than 289,053,746 shares of our Class A ordinary shares (including ADSs representing Class A ordinary
          shares), Newheight has the right to designate one of its senior executives to attend all meetings of our
          board of directors in a non-voting observer capacity;


     •    Registration rights. After the expiration of a period of 60 months following June 20, 2016, Walmart has
          certain demand registration rights, piggyback registration rights and F-3 registration rights under the
          investor rights agreement with respect to their registrable securities, including ordinary shares issued
          under the share subscription agreement;


     •    Preemptive rights with respect to share issuance. Within the first 24 months after June 20, 2016 (and
          regardless of Newheight’s percentage of ownership of our share capital) and, after such period, for so
          long as Newheight holds at least 10% of our then outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis, if we
          propose to issue certain new securities, Newheight or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walmart designated
          by Newheight has the right to purchase such number of new securities under the same terms and
          conditions at its election so as to enable Newheight to hold a pro rata portion of the new securities equal
          to the percentage of our share capital on a fully diluted basis then held by Newheight.


     •    Transfer restrictions. Walmart agreed to certain lock-up, standstill, rights of first refusal and other transfer
          restrictions provided in the investor rights agreement.


D.   Exchange Controls
     See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Foreign
     Exchange.”


E.   Taxation
     The following is a general summary of certain Cayman Islands, PRC, Hong Kong S.A.R. and United States
     federal income tax consequences relevant to an investment in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. The
     discussion is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective
     purchaser. The discussion is based on laws and interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual
     report, all of which are subject to change or different interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect. The
     discussion does not address U.S. state or local tax laws, or tax laws of jurisdictions other than the Cayman
     Islands, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong S.A.R. and the United States. You should consult your
     own tax advisors with respect to the consequences of acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ADSs and
     Class A ordinary shares.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         237
      Part I (Continued)




           Cayman Islands Taxation
           The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains
           or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes
           likely to be material to holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the government of the Cayman Islands
           except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought within
           the jurisdiction of, the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties which are
           applicable to any payments made by or to our company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency
           restrictions in the Cayman Islands.

           Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares will not be subject to taxation in the
           Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of our
           ADSs or ordinary shares, nor will gains derived from the disposal of our ADSs or ordinary shares be subject to
           Cayman Islands income or corporation tax.

           People’s Republic of China Taxation
           Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
           of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will be
           subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules define
           the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall
           management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the
           State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria
           for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated
           offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
           enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria set
           forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position on how the “de facto
           management body” text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises.
           According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise
           group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China only
           if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in
           the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject
           to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and
           records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at
           least 50% of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.

           We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC
           tax purposes. JD.com, Inc. is not controlled by a PRC enterprise or PRC enterprise group and we do not believe
           that JD.com, Inc. meets all of the conditions above. JD.com, Inc. is a company incorporated outside the PRC. As
           a holding company, its key assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries, and its key assets are located,
           and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions of its shareholders) are
           maintained, outside the PRC. For the same reasons, we believe our other subsidiaries outside of China are not
           PRC resident enterprises either. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination
           by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto
           management body.”

238   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




If the PRC tax authorities determine that JD.com, Inc. is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax
purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from dividends we pay to our shareholders
that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise
shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a 10% PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the
sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC.
In addition, gains derived by our non-PRC individual shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be
subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our
ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in
the event we are determined to be a PRC resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to dividends realized
by non-PRC individuals, it would generally apply at a rate of 20% unless a reduced rate is available under an
applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able
to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that
JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.


Provided that our Cayman Islands holding company, JD.com, Inc., is not deemed to be a PRC resident
enterprise, holders of our ADSs and ordinary shares who are not PRC residents will not be subject to PRC
income tax on dividends distributed by us or gains realized from the sale or other disposition of our shares or
ADSs. STA Circular 7 further clarifies that, if a non-resident enterprise derives income by acquiring and selling
shares in an offshore listed enterprise in the public market, such income will not be subject to PRC tax. In
addition, STA Public Notice 37 provided certain key changes to the previous withholding regime, such as (i) the
withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on the date on which the payment is
actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the dividends, (ii) non-resident enterprises
are not obligated to report tax to the authorities if their withholding agents fail to perform the withholding
obligation is removed. However, there is uncertainty as to the application of STA Public Notice 37 and STA
Circular 7, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being required to file a return and being
taxed under STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 and we may be required to expend valuable resources to
comply with STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 or to establish that we should not be taxed under STA
Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in
China — We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
by their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.”


Hong Kong Taxation
Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable income
generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million of profits earned
by our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%) while
the remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. We make analysis on the
foreign-derived income, mainly including dividend and interest, earned by our subsidiaries incorporated in
Hong Kong, apply for an advance ruling with the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong for the income
meeting exemption conditions and pay tax for the income subject to Hong Kong profits tax under the foreign-
sourced income exemption regime.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        239
      Part I (Continued)




           Our principal register of members is maintained by our principal share registrar in the Cayman Islands, and our
           Hong Kong register of members is maintained by the Hong Kong Share Registrar in Hong Kong.


           Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares registered on our Hong Kong Share Register are subject to Hong Kong
           stamp duty. The stamp duty is charged to each of the seller and purchaser at the rate of 0.13% before
           November 17, 2023 and 0.1% on and after November 17, 2023 of the consideration for, or (if greater) the value
           of, our Class A ordinary shares transferred. In other words, a total of 0.26% is currently payable on a typical sale
           and purchase transaction of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, a fixed duty of HK$5.00 is charged on each
           instrument of transfer (if required).


           To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           we have moved a portion of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our Cayman share register to our
           Hong Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of
           ADSs constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject
           to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. See “Key
           Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — There is uncertainty
           as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs.”


           United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
           The following discussion is a summary of United States federal income tax considerations relating to the
           ownership and disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that holds our
           ADSs or ordinary shares as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the United States
           Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based on the tax laws of the
           United States as in effect on the date of this annual report and on U.S. Treasury regulations in effect as of the
           date of this annual report, as well as judicial and administrative interpretations thereof available on or before
           such date. All of the foregoing authorities are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and
           could affect the tax considerations described below. There can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not
           take a contrary position with respect to any United States federal income tax consequences described below.
           This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be important to
           particular investors in light of their individual investment circumstances, including investors subject to special tax
           rules (for example, banks, certain financial institutions, insurance companies, broker-dealers, traders in securities
           that elect mark-to-market treatment, partnerships and their partners, tax-exempt entities (including private
           foundations), investors who are not U.S. Holders, U.S. expatriates, investors liable for the alternative minimum
           tax, investors who acquired their ADSs or ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee share
           option or otherwise as compensation, investors who own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of
           our stock (by vote or value), investors that will hold their ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge,
           conversion, constructive sale, or other integrated transaction for United States federal income tax purposes,
           investors subject to the Medicare tax on their net investment income or investors that have a functional currency
           other than the United States dollar), all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those
           summarized below.




240   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or non-United States tax considerations. Each U.S.
Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the United States federal, state, local, and non-United States
income and other tax considerations of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares.


General
For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or ordinary shares that
is, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United
States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes)
created in, or organized under the law of, the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
(iii) an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes
regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of
a United States court and which has one or more United States persons who have the authority to control all
substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise elected to be treated as a United States person
under the Code.


If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) owns
our ADSs or ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the
status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding our ADSs or ordinary shares and
their partners are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares.


For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders who hold ADSs will generally be treated as the holder of
the underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a
U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of Class A ordinary
shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.


The discussion below under “— Dividends” and “ — Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares” is
written on the basis that we will not be or become classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The U.S. federal income tax rules that apply generally if we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year are
discussed below under “ — Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations.”


Dividends
Any cash distributions (including any amount of any PRC tax withheld) paid on our ADSs or ordinary shares
out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income
tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income on the day
actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in
the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of United
States federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay will generally be reported as a “dividend” for
United States federal income tax purposes. Dividends received on our ADSs or ordinary shares will not be
eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        241
      Part I (Continued)




           Individuals and other non-corporate recipients will be subject to tax at the lower capital gain tax rate applicable
           to “qualified dividend income” on dividends paid on our ADSs, provided that certain conditions are satisfied,
           including that (i) our ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, or, in
           the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax law, we are eligible for the
           benefit of the United States-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (ii) we are neither a PFIC nor treated as
           such with respect to a U.S. Holder (as discussed above) for the taxable year in which the dividend was paid
           and the preceding taxable year, and (iii) certain holding period requirements are met. Because (i) U.S. Treasury
           guidance indicates that ADSs representing ordinary shares, such as ours, listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
           Market are considered to be readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, and (ii)
           we believe that we were not a PFIC for United States federal income tax purposes for our taxable year ended
           December 31, 2023 and we do not expect to be a PFIC in subsequent years, we believe that we are a qualified
           foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid on the ADSs, but not with respect to dividends paid on our
           ordinary shares. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under PRC tax law, we believe
           that we would be eligible for the benefits under the Treaty and that we should be treated as a qualified foreign
           corporation with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs. U.S. Holders should consult their tax
           advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends in their particular circumstances.


           For United States foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources
           and will generally constitute passive category income. A U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of
           complex limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit not in excess of any applicable treaty rate in respect of any
           nonrefundable foreign withholding taxes imposed on dividends received on our ADSs or ordinary shares. A U.S.
           Holder who does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction,
           for United States federal income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such
           holder elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are
           complex. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit
           under their particular circumstances.


           Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares
           A U.S. Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary
           shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the sale or other disposition and
           the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or ordinary shares. The gain or loss will generally be capital gain or
           loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ADSs or ordinary shares have been held for more than one
           year. An individual U.S. Holder or other non-corporate U.S. Holder who has held the ADSs or ordinary shares for
           more than one year will generally be eligible for reduced tax rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject
           to limitations. Any such gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will generally be treated as U.S. source income
           or loss for foreign tax credit purposes, which will generally limit the availability to claim foreign tax credits.
           However, in the event we are deemed to be a PRC “resident enterprise” under PRC tax law, we may be eligible
           for the benefits of the Treaty. In such event, if PRC tax were to be imposed on any gain from the disposition of
           the ADSs or ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the benefits of the Treaty may elect to treat such
           gain as PRC source income. Pursuant to recently issued Treasury Regulations, however, if a U.S. Holder is not
           eligible for the benefits of the Treaty or does not elect to apply the Treaty, then such holder may not be able to
           claim a foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares.


242   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed
on a disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax credit or deduction
under their particular circumstances, their eligibility for benefits under the Treaty and the potential impact of the
recently issued Treasury Regulations.


Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations
A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a “passive foreign investment
company,” or PFIC, for United States federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more
of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value
of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for
the production of passive income. For this purpose, cash is categorized as a passive asset and the company’s
unbooked intangibles associated with active business activity are taken into account as a non-passive asset.


In addition, we will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share
of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the
stock. Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being
owned by us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions
and we are entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and, as a result,
we consolidate their results of operations in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned
by us for United States federal income tax purposes. If it were determined, however, that we are not the owner
of the consolidated variable interest entities for United States federal income tax purposes, we may be treated
as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2023 and in future taxable years.


Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we do
not believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2023, and we do not expect to be
classified as a PFIC in the current taxable year or the foreseeable future. Because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
determination, no assurance can be given that we will not be classified as a PFIC for that year. While we do not
anticipate becoming a PFIC, changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for future taxable years. In
estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. Among other factors, if our market capitalization subsequently
declines, we may be or become classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. Under circumstances
where revenues from activities that produce passive income significantly increase relative to our revenues from
activities that produce non-passive income or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for
working capital or other purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares,
and unless the U.S. Holder makes a “mark-to-market” election (as described below), the U.S. Holder will
generally be subject to special tax rules that have a penalizing effect, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC,
on (i) any excess distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid
during a taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125% of the average annual distributions paid in the




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023         243
      Part I (Continued)




           three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares),
           and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition, including a pledge, of ADSs or ordinary shares. Under
           the PFIC rules:


           •     the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs
                 or ordinary shares;


           •     amounts allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in a U.S. Holder’s holding period prior
                 to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (a “pre-PFIC year”) will be taxable as ordinary
                 income; and


           •     amounts allocated to each prior taxable year, other than the current taxable year or a pre-PFIC year, will
                 be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect applicable to such U.S. Holder for that year, and such
                 amounts will be increased by an additional tax equal to interest on the resulting tax deemed deferred with
                 respect to such years.


           The tax liability for amounts allocated to years prior to the year of disposition or “excess distribution” cannot be
           offset by any net operating losses for such years, and gains (but not losses) realized on the sale of the ADSs or
           ordinary shares cannot be treated as capital, even if such ADSs or ordinary shares are held as capital assets.


           If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares and any of
           our subsidiaries is also a PFIC, such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value)
           of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC and would be subject to the rules described above on certain distributions
           by a lower-tier PFIC and a disposition of shares of a lower-tier PFIC even though such U.S. Holders would
           not receive the proceeds of those distributions or dispositions. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors
           regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries.


           As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” (as defined below) in a PFIC may
           make a mark-to-market election with respect to such stock. The mark-to-market election is available only for
           “marketable stock,” which is stock that is traded in other than de minimis quantities on at least 15 days during
           each calendar quarter, or “regularly traded” on a qualified exchange or other market, as defined in applicable
           Treasury regulations. For these purposes, our ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is a
           qualified exchange for these purposes, and our ordinary shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           which should constitute a qualified exchange or other market. We anticipate that our ADSs and ordinary shares
           should qualify as being regularly traded, but no assurances may be given in this regard. If a U.S. Holder makes
           this election, the holder will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC
           the excess, if any, of the fair market value of ADSs or ordinary shares held at the end of the taxable year over
           the adjusted tax basis of such ADSs or ordinary shares and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any,
           of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs or ordinary shares over the fair market value of such ADSs or ordinary
           shares held at the end of the taxable year, but such deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount
           previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in
           the ADSs or ordinary shares would be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market


244   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     election. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares and we
     cease to be a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during
     any period that we are not classified as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such
     U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale or other disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares in a year when we are
     a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be
     treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-
     market election.


     Because, as a technical matter, a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we may
     own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the general PFIC rules described above with respect to such
     U.S. Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for
     United States federal income tax purposes.


     We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing fund elections
     which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from the tax treatment for PFICs described above.


     If a U.S. Holder owns our ADSs or ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a PFIC, the holder must
     file an annual Internal Revenue Service Form 8621.


     Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor concerning the United States federal income tax
     consequences of purchasing, holding, and disposing of ADSs or ordinary shares if we are or become classified
     as a PFIC, including the possibility of making a mark-to-market election and the unavailability of the qualified
     electing fund election.


F.   Dividends and Paying Agents
     Not applicable.


G.   Statement by Experts
     Not applicable.


H.   Documents on Display
     We are subject to periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange Act as applicable
     to foreign private issuers, and are required to file reports and other information with the SEC. Specifically, we
     are required to file annually an annual report on Form 20-F within four months after the end of each fiscal year,
     which is December 31. All information filed with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the SEC’s website
     at www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing
     the furnishing and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements, and officers, directors and principal
     shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16
     of the Exchange Act.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        245
      Part I (Continued)




            We will furnish Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADSs, with our annual reports,
            which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in
            conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and other reports and communications
            that are made generally available to our shareholders. The depositary will make such notices, reports and
            communications available to holders of ADSs and, upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the
            information contained in any notice of a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us.


            In accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5250(d), we will post annual report on Form 20-F on our website
            at http://ir.jd.com. In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report free of charge to shareholders and
            ADS holders upon request.


      I.    Subsidiary Information
            Not applicable.


      J.    Annual Report to Security Holders
            As an issuer listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we are required to publish an annual report for the fiscal
            year ended December 31, 2023, which we plan to furnish as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K via
            EDGAR to be filed on the same date of our Form 20-F.


      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
      Interest Rate Risk
      Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest income generated by excess cash, which is mostly
      held in interest-bearing bank deposits. We have not used derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio.
      Interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate
      being exposed to, material risks due to changes in market interest rates. However, our future interest income may fall
      short of expectations due to changes in market interest rates.


      Foreign Exchange Risk
      Substantially all of our revenues and expenses are denominated in RMB.


      We do not believe that we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk and have not used any derivative
      financial instruments to hedge exposure to such risk. Certain non-derivative instruments have been used to manage
      exposure in exchange rates. Although our exposure to foreign exchange risks should be limited in general, the value
      of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar and RMB because the value
      of our business is effectively denominated in RMB, while our ADSs are traded in U.S. dollars.


      The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People’s Bank
      of China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It is difficult to
      predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the
      U.S. dollar in the future.




246   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the
U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we
decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or
ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on
the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


As of December 31, 2023, we had RMB-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year in marketable
securities and other investments of RMB176.3 billion, and U.S. dollar-denominated cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year
in marketable securities and other investments of US$13.9 billion. Assuming we had converted RMB176.3 billion
into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate of RMB7.0999 for US$1.00 as of December 29, 2023, our U.S. dollar cash
balance would have been US$ 38.8 billion. If the RMB had depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, our U.S. dollar
cash balance would have been US$36.2 billion instead. Assuming we had converted US$13.9 billion into RMB at
the exchange rate of RMB7.0999 for US$1.00 as of December 29, 2023, our RMB cash balance would have been
RMB275.0 billion. If the RMB had depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, our RMB cash balance would have
been RMB286.2 billion instead.


Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
A.   Debt Securities
     Not applicable.


B.   Warrants and Rights
     Not applicable.


C.   Other Securities
     Not applicable.


D.   American Depositary Shares
     Our ADSs are traded on Nasdaq. Dealings in our ADSs on Nasdaq are conducted in U.S. Dollars. ADSs may be
     held either:


     •     directly, by having a certificated ADS, or an ADR, registered in the holder’s name, or by holding in the
           direct registration system, pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated
           ADSs, which ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS
           holders entitled thereto; or


     •     indirectly, through the holder’s broker or other financial institution.


     The depositary for our ADSs is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, whose office is located at
     60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, United States of America.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       247
      Part I (Continued)




           Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay
           An ADS holder will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and certain taxes and
           governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges
           payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs):


           Service                                                       Fees
           •   to any person to whom ADSs are issued or to any           Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
               person to whom a distribution is made in respect
               of ADS distributions pursuant to stock dividends or
               other free distributions of stock, bonus distributions,
               stock splits or other distributions (except where
               converted to cash)
           •   Surrendering ADSs for cancellation and withdrawal of      Up to US$0.05 per ADS surrendered
               deposited securities
           •   Distribution of cash dividends                            Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
           •   Distribution of cash entitlements (other than cash        Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
               dividends) and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds
               from the sale of rights, securities and other
               entitlements
           •   Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights       Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
           •   Operation and maintenance costs                           Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the applicable
                                                                         record date(s) established by the depositary bank

           An ADS holder will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary bank
           and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other
           governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs) such as:


           •     Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer agent for the
                 ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares).


           •     Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.


           •     Expenses for cable, telex, fax and electronic transmissions and for delivery of securities.


           •     Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities, including any applicable stamp duties, any stock transfer
                 charges or withholding taxes (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or withdrawn from deposit).


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery of ordinary shares on deposit or the servicing
                 of ordinary shares, deposited securities and/or ADSs.


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with complying with exchange control regulations and other
                 regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, deposited securities, ADSs and ADRs.




248   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
bank by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank and by
the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers
in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or
securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of
record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed
or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. In the case of distributions other than cash
(i.e., share dividends, rights), the depositary bank charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders
concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated
or uncertificated in direct registration), the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS
holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally
collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs
held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians
who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees paid
to the depositary banks.


In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit
agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary
fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for a portion of certain
expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADR program, including investor
relations expenses. There are limits on the amount of expenses for which the depositary will reimburse us, but
the amount of reimbursement available to us is not related to the amounts of fees the depositary collects from
investors. Further, the depositary has agreed to reimburse us certain fees payable to the depositary by holders
of ADSs. Neither the depositary nor we can determine the exact amount to be made available to us because
(i) the number of ADSs that will be issued and outstanding, (ii) the level of service fees to be charged to holders
of ADSs and (iii) our reimbursable expenses related to the program are not known at this time. In 2023, we
were entitled to approximately US$6.4 million reimbursement from the depositary for our expenses incurred in
connection with investor relationship programs related to the ADS facility.


Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares and ADSs
Dealings and Settlement of Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong
Our Class A ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 50 Class A ordinary shares.
Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be conducted in Hong Kong dollars.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        249
      Part I (Continued)




           The transaction costs of dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


           •     Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each
                 of the buyer and seller;


           •     Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong transaction levy of 0.0027% of the consideration of the
                 transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


           •     trading tariff of HK$0.50 on each and every purchase or sale transaction. The decision on whether or not to
                 pass the trading tariff onto investors is at the discretion of brokers;


           •     transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


           •     ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1% payable by each of
                 the buyer and the seller;


           •     stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a minimum fee
                 of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


           •     brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage commissions for
                 IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription or purchase price and will be payable by
                 the person subscribing for or purchasing the securities); and


           •     the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20.00, depending on the speed of
                 service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for
                 each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share certificate canceled or
                 issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong.


           Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers directly
           or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her Class A ordinary shares in his or her
           stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System participant’s stock account
           maintained with the Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS
           in accordance with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time.
           For an investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
           must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


           Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs
           In connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have
           established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, which we refer to as our Hong Kong share register,
           which is maintained by our Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.
           Our principal register of members will continue to be maintained by our principal share registrar, Maples Fund
           Services (Cayman) Limited.


250   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




All Class A ordinary shares offered in connection with our listing in Hong Kong are registered on our Hong Kong
share register in order to be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As described in further detail
below, holders of Class A ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong Share Register will be able to convert
these ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


In connection with our listing in Hong Kong, and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and
Class A ordinary shares and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion
of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our
Hong Kong share register.


Converting Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs
An investor who holds Class A ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
ADSs to trade on Nasdaq must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the Class A ordinary shares with the
depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, Hong Kong, in exchange for ADSs.


A deposit of Class A ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
procedures:


•    If Class A ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer Class A ordinary
     shares to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures
     for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his
     or her broker.


•    If Class A ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his or her Class A
     ordinary shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS,
     submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


•    Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer
     taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary
     will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the
     ADSs to the designated DTC account of the person(s) designated by an investor or his or her broker.


For Class A ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
two business days. For Class A ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take
14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the
depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the ADSs
until the procedures are completed.


Converting ADSs to Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong
An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into Class A ordinary shares to trade on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Class A ordinary shares
from our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        251
      Part I (Continued)




           An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
           the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from the
           depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock account.


           For investors holding ADSs directly (not holding through brokers), the following steps must be taken:


           •     To withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
                 ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated form),
                 and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


           •     Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
                 transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the
                 depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Class A ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to
                 the CCASS account designated by an investor.


           •     If an investor prefers to receive Class A ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive Class A
                 ordinary shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
                 transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares in their
                 own names with the Hong Kong Share Registrar.


           For Class A ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
           require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps
           may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the Class A ordinary
           shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


           Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed
           to ADS cancelations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject to there being a
           sufficient number of Class A ordinary shares on our Hong Kong share register to facilitate a withdrawal from
           the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to maintain or increase the
           number of Class A ordinary shares on our Hong Kong share register to facilitate such withdrawals.


           Depositary Requirements
           Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


           •     production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it
                 deems necessary; and


           •     compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement,
                 including presentation of transfer documents.




252   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong Share Registrar are closed or at any time
if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.


All costs attributable to the transfer of Class A ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of
ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to
HK$20, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each
share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in
Hong Kong. In addition, holders of Class A ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 (or less) per 100
ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the
deposit of Class A ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares from, our ADS program.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        253
      PART II


      Controls and Procedures
      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
      Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has performed an
      evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a–15(e) under the
      Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as required by Rule 13a–15(b) under the Exchange Act.


      Based upon that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and
      procedures were effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file and
      furnish under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
      in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
      under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer
      and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


      Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
      as defined in Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal
      control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
      financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally
      Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures
      that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
      and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
      necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and
      expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
      and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or
      disposition of our company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
      Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
      become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
      procedures may deteriorate.


      As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the Securities and
      Exchange Commission, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed
      the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 using the criteria set forth in the
      report “Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
      of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the management concluded that our internal control over
      financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023.


      Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, has
      audited the effectiveness of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 and has
      issued their report, included in our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC.




254   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                               Part II (Continued)




Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by
this annual report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.


Audit Committee Financial Expert
Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Louis T. Hsieh, an independent director (under the standards set
forth in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a) (2) and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act) and member of our audit
committee, is an audit committee financial expert.


Code of Ethics
Our board of directors adopted an amended and restated code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our
directors, officers and employees in November 2022. We have posted a copy of our code of business conduct and
ethics on our website at http://ir.jd.com.


Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional
services rendered by our principal external auditors(1) for the periods indicated.


                                                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                           2022                        2023

Audit fees(2)                                                                                                 US$3,770,979                US$3,989,139
Audit-related fees(3)                                                                                         US$6,090,913                US$7,825,855
Tax fees(4)                                                                                                    US$250,881                  US$445,950
All other fees(5)                                                                                              US$293,840                  US$172,417


Notes:


(1)      We engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as external auditor for our Form 20-F, and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu,
         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor in Hong Kong as external auditor for our HK annual report. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
         Accountants LLP’s PCAOB ID is 1113.


(2)      “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for the
         audit of our annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. In 2022 and 2023, the audit refers to
         financial audit and audit pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


(3)      “Audit-related fees” means fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for the issue of comfort letter, rendering of listing advice and other audit-
         related services to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries.


(4)      “Tax Fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for tax
         compliance, tax advice and tax planning.


(5)      “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors
         associated with certain financial due diligence projects, permissible services to review and comment on internal control design over financial
         reporting and other advisory services.


                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023               255
      Part II (Continued)




      The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent
      auditors, including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above, other
      than those for de minimis services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.

      Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase
      up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through March 17, 2022. The share
      repurchase program was publicly announced on March 17, 2020.

      On December 29, 2021, our board of directors approved modifications to the share repurchase program adopted in
      March 2020, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has increased from US$2.0 billion to US$3.0 billion and
      has been extended until March 17, 2024.

      Our board of directors has approved a new share repurchase program, effective on March 18, 2024, pursuant to
      which we may repurchase up to US$3.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through
      March 2027.

      The table below is a summary of our share repurchases in the periods indicated. All shares were repurchased in the
      open market pursuant to the share repurchase programs.

                                                                                                      Total Number
                                                                                                          of Class A
                                                                                                    Ordinary Shares     Approximate
                                                                      Total                              Purchased       Dollar Value
                                                                   Number                                    as Part   of Shares that
                                                                 of Class A                          of the Publicly      May Yet Be
                                                            Ordinary Shares           Average Price     Announced          Purchased
      Period                                                     Purchased           Paid Per Share            Plans Under the Plans*

      March 1, 2023–March 31, 2023                                   7,678,980                    19.94             7,678,980         1,710,395,700
      November 1, 2023–November 30, 2023                             6,306,030                    14.01             6,306,030         1,622,018,709
      December 1, 2023–December 31, 2023                             8,693,970                    13.20             8,693,970         1,507,297,563
      March 1, 2024–March 17, 2024                                 48,230,474                     13.38           48,230,474             862,104,645
      March 18, 2024–March 31, 2024                                39,273,924                     13.58           39,273,924          2,466,741,017**

      Total                                                       110,183,378                     13.93          110,183,378                         —


      Notes:


      *        For repurchases made under the 2020 share repurchase program, the dollar value in this column is based on US$3.0 billion after the adjustment
               of repurchase authorization.


      **       The 2020 share repurchase program expired on March 17, 2024, and the repurchases since March 18, 2024 were made pursuant to the 2024
               share repurchase program.




256   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part II (Continued)




Corporate Governance
As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance
listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance
practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home
country, may differ significantly from the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. Currently, there are no
significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by U.S. domestic companies
under Nasdaq Stock Market Rules. However, if we choose to follow other home country practice in the future, our
shareholders may be afforded less protection than they otherwise would under the Nasdaq corporate governance
listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the
Exchange Act, and as such we are exempt from certain provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.”

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment procedures that are integrated into our overall
enterprise risk management system. These procedures aim to identify, assess, and manage potential and existing
cybersecurity threats. We have a strong inhouse IT and cybersecurity department, led by our cybersecurity officer,
that identifies, assesses, and manages cybersecurity risks on a daily basis. We have ensured that our employees have
full access to the basic knowledge and principles of information security, established a sound responding process
and disposal mechanism for system security, external attacks and violations, and safeguarded the confidentiality of
information and data of the enterprise, employees and customers, making sure information and data can only be
obtained and used when necessary.

Besides, we engage external parties to conduct thorough assessments of our information systems. Our IT and
cybersecurity department work closely with third-party service providers to ensure their compliance with our
cybersecurity standards and to assess risks arising from our engagements with them. We strive to ensure the highest
standards and procedures to protect data and information security for billions of consumers, millions of merchants,
large multinational businesses, and government users. To guarantee the secure operation of large-scale online
promotional shopping events, such as “618” and “11.11,” digital security is paramount to ensuring smooth business
operations. We will continue to apply advance security technologies to ensure the safety of users, enterprises, and
industries and contribute to the healthy development of the information security ecosystem.

As of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents that have affected
or are reasonably likely to affect us, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. In 2023, we did
not identify any violations of information security or privacy protection and did not receive any penalty for information
security vulnerabilities or other network security breaches.

Governance
The ESG committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity. When
appropriate, periodic reviews are held to discuss the landscape of cybersecurity, potential threats, and our
preparedness for potential cybersecurity threats and risks to our company. In case a material cybersecurity occurs,
the ESG committee is responsible for reviewing the information and issues involved, disclosures to be made, and
the procedures followed. Our cybersecurity officer, who has over 10 years of experience as cybersecurity officer
in large technology companies and extensive knowledge and skills in security products development, security risk
management, and security compliance, is primarily responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks and
monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The cybersecurity officer
reports to our chief compliance officer and provides periodic updates to our strategy execution committee and the
ESG committee on any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks arising from cybersecurity threats.



                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         257
      PART III


      Consolidated Financial Statements

      Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                              Page Reference


      Independent Auditor’s Report                                                      259


      Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                       263


      Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)             266


      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                             268


      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity                        272


      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                    275




258   JD.com, Inc.
                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of JD.com, Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 263 to 376, which comprise the consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income/(loss),
consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as of December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”).


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023        259
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




      Key Audit Matters

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
      of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
      separate opinion on these matters.


       Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Revenue recognition — product revenues
       The Company recognizes product revenues from online        Our audit procedures related to the Company’s systems
       retail business when the products are delivered and        to process product revenues transactions included the
       title is passed to customers. Because of the online        following, among others:
       nature of the business, the Company uses a suite of
                                                                  •    With the assistance of our IT professionals, we:
       automated information technology (“IT”) systems to
       process and record its revenue transactions.                    –    Identified relevant IT systems used to
                                                                            process revenue transactions and tested
       We identified product revenues as a key audit matter                 the general IT controls over each of these
       considering the nature of the audit evidence obtained is             IT systems, including testing of user access
       largely dependent on the Company’s IT systems. This                  controls, change management controls, and
       required an increased extent of effort to determine the              data center & network operation controls.
       nature, timing and extent of audit evidence required
                                                                       –    Performed testing of relevant automated
       to be obtained, including the need for us to involve IT
                                                                            controls and interface controls of the
       professionals and data analytics specialists to assist
                                                                            relevant IT systems.
       with the performance of certain procedures.
                                                                  •    With the assistance of our data analytics
                                                                       specialists, we created data visualizations to
                                                                       analyze transactional revenue data for trends and
                                                                       reasonableness.
                                                                  •    We tested relevant manual controls of the product
                                                                       revenues process.
                                                                  •    We tested, on a sample basis, product revenues
                                                                       transactions, by agreeing the recorded revenues
                                                                       to supporting documents including but not limited
                                                                       to executed customer orders, product delivery
                                                                       evidence with acceptance by customers and cash
                                                                       collections to evaluate whether the revenues were
                                                                       properly recorded.
                                                                  •    We performed substantive analytics procedures
                                                                       over product revenues by developing our own
                                                                       expected amounts based on cost of revenues
                                                                       data which is tested as part of our inventory
                                                                       substantive audit procedures.




260   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         261
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
           Group’s internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for
           the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
      reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
      safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
      audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
      about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
      in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
      interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ip, Kan Wah.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 18, 2024



262   JD.com, Inc.
                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                           2022                 2023
                                                        Notes              RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(g)
                                                                  (in millions, except share and per share data)

  ASSETS
  Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                            78,861            71,892        10,126
    Restricted cash                                      4, 5              6,254            7,506          1,057
    Short-term investments                                5             141,095           118,254        16,656
    Accounts receivable, net                              9              20,576            20,302          2,859
    Advance to suppliers                                                   3,838            2,753           388
    Inventories, net                                      10             77,949            68,058          9,586
    Prepayments and other current assets                                 15,156            15,639          2,202
    Amount due from related parties                       29               6,142            2,114           298
    Assets held for sale                                                   1,203            1,292           182

    Total current assets                                                351,074           307,810        43,354

  Non-current assets
    Property, equipment and software, net                 11             55,080            70,035          9,864
    Construction in progress                             2(o)            11,161             9,920          1,397
    Intangible assets, net                                13               9,139            6,935           977
    Land use rights, net                                  12             33,848            39,563          5,572
    Operating lease right-of-use assets                   18             22,267            20,863          2,938
    Goodwill                                              14             23,123            19,980          2,814
    Investment in equity investees                        8              57,641            56,746          7,993
    Marketable securities and other investments           5              14,360            80,840        11,386
    Deferred tax assets                                   21               1,536            1,744           246
    Other non-current assets                                             16,021            14,522          2,045

    Total non-current assets                                            244,176           321,148        45,232

  Total assets                                                          595,250           628,958        88,586



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023    263
      Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                 2022                 2023
                                                              Notes              RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                             Note 2(g)
                                                                        (in millions, except share and per share data)

        LIABILITIES
        Current liabilities (including amounts of the
         consolidated VIEs without recourse to the
         primary beneficiaries of RMB27,450 million and
         RMB27,923 million as of December 31, 2022
         and 2023, respectively. Note 1)
          Short-term debts                                      32             12,146             5,034           709
          Accounts payable                                      15            160,607           166,167        23,404
          Advance from customers                                               33,713            31,625          4,454
          Deferred revenues (including amounts in relation
           to traffic support, marketing and promotion
           services to be provided to related parties of
           RMB431 million and RMB182 million as of
           December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively)                             3,351            2,097           295
          Taxes payable                                                          5,926            7,313          1,030
          Amount due to related parties                         29                488             1,620           228
          Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        16             42,570            43,533          6,132
          Operating lease liabilities                           18               7,688            7,755          1,092
          Liabilities held for sale                                                 72             506              71

          Total current liabilities                                           266,561           265,650        37,415

        Non-current liabilities
          Deferred revenues (including amounts in relation
           to traffic support, marketing and promotion
           services to be provided to related parties of
           RMB179 million and nil as of December 31,
           2022 and 2023, respectively)                                          1,107             964            136
          Unsecured senior notes                                17             10,224            10,411          1,466
          Deferred tax liabilities                              21               6,511            9,267          1,305
          Long-term borrowings                                  32             20,009            31,555          4,444
          Operating lease liabilities                           18             14,978            13,676          1,926
          Other non-current liabilities                                          1,737            1,055           150

          Total non-current liabilities                                        54,566            66,928          9,427

        Total liabilities                                                     321,127           332,578        46,842


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


264   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                           2022                 2023
                                                        Notes              RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(g)
                                                                   (in millions, except share and per share data)

    Commitments and contingencies                         33


    MEZZANINE EQUITY                                                        590              614               86


    SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
    JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity
      Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
       100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
       2,793,298,344 Class A ordinary shares issued
       and 2,756,458,772 outstanding, 386,374,723
       Class B ordinary shares issued and 379,220,475
       outstanding as of December 31, 2022;
       2,860,222,213 Class A ordinary shares
       issued and 2,820,978,543 outstanding,
       323,212,124 Class B ordinary shares issued
       and 316,685,372 outstanding as of
       December 31, 2023.)                                23                  —*               —*              —*
      Additional paid-in capital                                        184,041           184,204         25,945
      Statutory reserves                                 2(oo)             3,473            6,109            860
      Treasury stock                                                      (2,493)          (3,409)           (480)
      Retained earnings                                                  29,304            44,051           6,205
      Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)       26                (959)            903             127

    Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                             213,366           231,858         32,657
    Non-controlling interests                            2(d)            60,167            63,908           9,001

    Total shareholders’ equity                                          273,533           295,766         41,658

    Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
      shareholders’ equity                                              595,250           628,958         88,586


*     Absolute amount is less than RMB1 million.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023      265
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
      AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)

                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2021              2022                  2023
                                                    Notes       RMB               RMB               RMB              US$
                                                                                                               Note 2(g)
                                                                (in millions, except share and per share data)

        Net revenues
          Net product revenues                       2(z)    815,655            865,062          871,224         122,709
          Net service revenues                       2(z)    135,937            181,174          213,438          30,062

        Total net revenues                                   951,592          1,046,236         1,084,662        152,771

          Cost of revenues                                  (822,526)          (899,163)        (924,958)        (130,277)
          Fulfillment                                         (59,055)          (63,011)          (64,558)         (9,093)
          Marketing                                           (38,743)          (37,772)          (40,133)         (5,653)
          Research and development                            (16,332)          (16,893)          (16,393)         (2,309)
          General and administrative                          (11,562)          (11,053)           (9,710)         (1,368)
          Impairment of goodwill                     14            —                 —             (3,143)           (443)
          Impairment of long-lived assets             5            —                 —             (2,025)           (285)
         Gain on sale of development
          properties                                 19          767              1,379            2,283             322

        Income from operations                                  4,141            19,723           26,025            3,665

        Other income/(expense)
          Share of results of equity investees        8        (4,918)           (2,195)           1,010             142
          Interest expense                                     (1,213)           (2,106)           (2,881)           (406)
          Others, net                                20          (590)           (1,555)           7,496            1,056

        Income/(loss) before tax                               (2,580)           13,867           31,650            4,457
          Income tax expenses                        21        (1,887)           (4,176)           (8,393)         (1,182)

        Net income/(loss)                                      (4,467)            9,691           23,257            3,275

         Net loss attributable to non-controlling
          interests shareholders                                 (923)             (697)            (910)            (128)
          Net income attributable to mezzanine
           equity classified as non-controlling
          interests shareholders                                   16                 8                —               —

        Net income/(loss) attributable
         to the Company’s ordinary
         shareholders                                          (3,560)           10,380           24,167            3,403



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


266   JD.com, Inc.
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (Continued)




                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                             2021              2022                2023
                                             Notes           RMB               RMB             RMB              US$
                                                                                                           Note 2(g)
                                                             (in millions, except share and per share data)

  Net income/(loss)                                         (4,467)            9,691         23,257            3,275
    Other comprehensive income/(loss):        26
     Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                            (2,872)            7,810          1,374              194

    Total other comprehensive
    income/(loss)                                           (2,872)            7,810          1,374              194

  Total comprehensive income/(loss)                         (7,339)           17,501         24,631            3,469
  Total comprehensive income/(loss)
    attributable to non-controlling
    interests shareholders                                  (1,253)            1,982          (1,398)           (197)
  Total comprehensive income attributable
    to mezzanine equity classified as
    non-controlling interests shareholders                     16                  8              —               —

  Total comprehensive income/(loss)
    attributable to the Company’s
    ordinary shareholders                                   (6,102)           15,511         26,029            3,666

  Net income/(loss) per share                 28
    Basic                                                    (1.15)             3.32            7.69             1.08
    Diluted                                                  (1.15)             3.21            7.61             1.07
  Weighted average number of shares
    Basic                                            3,107,436,665     3,125,571,110   3,144,233,160    3,144,233,160
    Diluted                                          3,107,436,665     3,180,886,136   3,170,542,396    3,170,542,396



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      267
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2021               2022              2023
                                                                RMB                RMB           RMB             US$
                                                                                                            Note 2(g)
                                                                                  (in millions)

        Cash flows from operating activities:
        Net income/(loss)                                      (4,467)            9,691           23,257       3,275
        Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to
          net cash provided by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                           6,232             7,236            8,292       1,168
        Share-based compensation                                9,134             7,548            4,804         677
        Losses from disposal of property, equipment
          and software                                             18               407              55            8
        Gain from extinguishment of debt                           —                 (6)             —            —
        Deferred income tax                                      (651)             (549)            869          122
        Amortization of discounts and issuance costs
          of the unsecured senior notes                            14                12               12           2
        Impairment of goodwill                                     —                 —             3,143         443
        Impairment of long-lived assets                            —                 —             2,025         285
        Allowance for doubtful accounts                           708               926              641          90
        Impairment of investments                                 574             1,969            3,043         429
        Fair value change of long-term investments              7,252             4,096              855         120
        (Gains)/losses from acquirements or disposals
          of business and investment                             (140)            3,558              (89)        (13)
        Gain on sale of development properties                   (767)           (1,379)          (2,283)       (322)
        Share of results of equity investees                    4,918             2,195           (1,010)       (142)
        Foreign exchange (gains)/losses                           (42)             (114)              28           4
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
          Accounts receivable                                  (5,632)           (7,196)            (310)        (44)
          Advance to suppliers                                   (107)                9            1,075         151
          Inventories                                         (16,697)           (2,278)           9,891       1,393
          Prepayments and other current assets                 (2,539)           (1,969)             590          84
          Amount due from related parties                        (278)            1,763             (750)       (106)
          Operating lease right-of-use assets                  (4,045)             (525)            (273)        (38)
          Other non-current assets                             (1,701)            2,397               74          10
          Accounts payable                                     32,585            17,658            4,614         650
          Advance from customers                                8,702             4,526           (2,088)       (294)
          Deferred revenues                                      (243)             (319)          (1,397)       (197)
          Taxes payable                                          (468)            3,206            1,311         185
          Amount due to related parties                           (66)              847            1,132         159
          Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        5,257             3,295            2,149         303
          Operating lease liabilities                           4,180               705              529          75
          Other non-current liabilities                           570               110             (668)        (94)
        Net cash provided by operating activities             42,301             57,819           59,521       8,383


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

268   JD.com, Inc.
                                                 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2021              2022                   2023
                                                          RMB               RMB                RMB             US$
                                                                                                          Note 2(g)
                                                                            (in millions)

  Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchase of short-term investments                  (167,684)          (180,291)          (193,605)       (27,269)
  Maturity of short-term investments                   113,362            165,093           217,184         30,590
  Purchases of long-term time deposits and
    wealth management products                             (160)           (3,019)           (74,924)       (10,553)
  Maturity of long-term time deposits and
   wealth management products                                —                 30                 —              —
  Purchases of investment securities                     (2,656)               —                  —              —
  Cash received from disposal of investment
    securities                                          13,165              6,348              8,318         1,172
  Prepayments and investments in equity
    investees                                           (11,576)           (4,501)            (1,382)         (195)
  Cash received from disposal of equity
    investments                                            407                412               387             55
  Cash paid for loan originations                       (82,197)          (77,577)           (75,761)       (10,671)
  Cash received from loan repayments                    80,561             77,732            75,986         10,702
  Purchase of property, equipment and software           (5,562)           (5,495)            (4,025)         (567)
  Disposal of equipment and other assets                  1,765             1,418               130             18
  Purchase of intangible assets                             (23)              (10)                (3)            —
  Cash paid for asset acquisitions, net of
    cash acquired                                        (1,603)           (2,170)            (5,468)         (770)
  Purchase of land use rights                            (7,825)           (5,236)            (4,981)         (702)
  Cash paid for construction in progress                 (8,868)          (12,172)           (11,006)        (1,550)
  Cash received from sale of development
    properties                                            3,549             1,686              6,975           982
  Cash paid for business combinations,
    net of cash acquired                                   (321)          (15,684)                —              —
  Loans settled by/(provided to) JD Technology             (169)             (502)             3,328           469
  Other investing activities                              1,587               (88)              (696)           (97)

  Net cash used in investing activities                 (74,248)          (54,026)           (59,543)        (8,386)



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023    269
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                          For the year ended December 31,
                                                                 2021              2022                   2023
                                                                 RMB               RMB                RMB            US$
                                                                                                                 Note 2(g)
                                                                                    (in millions)
        Cash flows from financing activities:
        Repurchase of ordinary shares                           (5,246)           (1,823)            (2,497)         (352)
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares
          pursuant to share-based awards                           62             1,043                 33               5
        Cash paid for dividends                                     —            (13,087)            (6,741)         (949)
        Capital injection from non-controlling interest
          shareholders                                         27,662             8,020              1,835            258
        Return of capital to non-controlling interests             (68)              (36)                —              —
        Acquisition of additional equity interests in
          non-wholly owned subsidiaries                           (775)           (4,581)             (778)          (110)
        Proceeds from short-term borrowings                     7,133            33,208             17,343          2,443
        Repayment of short-term borrowings                      (5,982)          (31,804)           (16,192)        (2,281)
        Proceeds from long-term borrowings                          —            14,101             13,157          1,853
        Repayment of long-term borrowings                          (29)           (3,635)           (11,195)        (1,577)
        Repurchase and repayment of unsecured
          senior notes                                          (3,246)              (31)                —              —
        Other financing activities                                  (8)             (195)             (773)          (108)
        Net cash provided by/(used in)
         financing activities                                  19,503             1,180              (5,808)         (818)
        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
          equivalents, and restricted cash                      (1,498)           3,490                125             17
        Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
         equivalents, and restricted cash                      (13,942)           8,463              (5,705)         (804)
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
          beginning of year, including cash and cash
          equivalents classified within assets held for sale   90,635            76,693             85,156         11,994
        Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
          cash classified within assets held for sale
          at beginning of year                                    116                 —                 41               6
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
          at beginning of year                                 90,519            76,693             85,115         11,988
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
          end of year, including cash and cash equivalents
          classified within assets held for sale               76,693            85,156             79,451         11,190
        Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
          cash classified within assets held for sale
          at end of year                                            —                41                 53               7
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
          at end of year                                       76,693            85,115             79,398         11,183


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
270   JD.com, Inc.
                                                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2021              2022                  2023
                                                          RMB               RMB               RMB            US$
                                                                                                         Note 2(g)
                                                                             (in millions)
  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
    information:
    Cash paid for income taxes                           (2,538)           (2,555)           (5,462)         (769)
    Cash paid for interest                               (1,221)           (2,393)           (2,808)         (395)
  Supplemental disclosures of non-cash
    investing and financing activities:
    Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
     with strategic cooperation agreement
    with Tencent                                           463               448               472             66
   Right-of-use assets acquired under
    operating leases                                    10,228             7,700             10,890         1,534
   Acquisition of equity interest in Dada by
    strategic resources                                      —             1,606               249             35



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    271
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
      SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

                                                  Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                    other                       Non-             Total
                                                                                                            Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     Retained    controlling    shareholders’
                                                    Shares    Amount        Shares       Amount          paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)    earnings      interests          equity
                                                                    RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB         RMB            RMB              RMB
                                                                                                               (in millions, except share data)

          Balance as of December 31, 2020 3,129,793,833              —* (26,294,794)           (1,218)         153,358            1,533             (3,548)     37,418        16,943          204,486

          Issuance of ordinary shares            1,914,998           —*          —                 —                463              —                  —           —             —               463
          Issuance of Class A ordinary shares
            reserved for future exercise/vesting
            of share-based awards                27,600,000          —* (27,600,000)               —*                —               —                  —           —             —                 —
          Repurchase of ordinary shares                 —            — (20,429,654)            (5,246)               —               —                  —           —             —             (5,246)
          Accretion of convertible redeemable
            non-controlling interests                   —            —           —                 —                 —               —                  —          (16)           —                (16)
          Exercise of share-based awards                —            —    1,962,856              252               (195)             —                  —           —              (7)             50
          Share-based compensation and
            vesting of share-based awards               —            — 23,844,410              3,244              2,124              —                  —           —          4,902           10,270
          Net loss                                      —            —           —                 —                 —               —                  —       (3,544)         (923)           (4,467)
          Foreign currency translation
            adjustments                                 —            —           —                 —                 —               —              (2,542)         —           (330)           (2,872)
          Statutory reserves                            —            —           —                 —                 —               53                 —          (53)           —                 —
          Change of the capital from
            non-controlling interest
            shareholders                                —            —           —                 —             15,960              —                  —           —         10,872           26,832
          Conversion of JD Logistics
            preferred shares                            —            —           —                 —             11,799              —                  —           —          4,604           16,403
          Reorganization of JD Cloud & AI
            (Note 6, Note 8)                            —            —           —                 —               (901)             —                  —           —             —               (901)
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                   —            —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           —            600              600
          Share of changes in the equity
            investee’s capital accounts                 —            —           —                 —                (30)             —                  —           —             —                (30)

          Balance as of December 31, 2021 3,159,308,831              —* (48,517,182)           (2,968)         182,578            1,586             (6,090)     33,805        36,661          245,572



      *         Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




272   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                               Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                 other                       Non-            Total
                                                                                                         Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     Retained    controlling   shareholders’
                                                Shares     Amount        Shares       Amount          paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)    earnings      interests         equity
                                                                 RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB         RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions, except share data)

    Balance as of December 31, 2021 3,159,308,831                 —* (48,517,182)           (2,968)         182,578            1,586             (6,090)     33,805        36,661         245,572

    Issuance of ordinary shares               2,164,236           —*          —                 —                448              —                  —           —             —              448
    Issuance of Class A ordinary shares
      reserved for future exercise/vesting
      of share-based awards                  18,200,000           —* (18,200,000)               —*                —               —                  —           —             —                —
    Dividends                                       —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —      (12,994)           —           (12,994)
    Repurchase of ordinary shares                   —             — (10,020,406)            (1,823)               —               —                  —           —             —            (1,823)
    Accretion of convertible redeemable
      non-controlling interests                     —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           (8)           —                (8)
    Exercise of share-based awards                  —             —    9,620,476              654                403              —                  —           —             —            1,057
    Share-based compensation and
      vesting of share-based awards                 —             — 23,123,292              1,644              2,416              —                  —           —          3,623           7,683
    Net income/(loss)                               —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —       10,388          (697)          9,691
    Foreign currency translation
      adjustments                                   —             —           —                 —                 —               —              5,131           —          2,679           7,810
    Statutory reserves                              —             —           —                 —                 —            1,887                 —       (1,887)           —                —
    Change of the capital from
      non-controlling interest
      shareholders                                  —             —           —                 —             (1,801)             —                  —           —          4,424           2,623
    Acquisition of subsidiaries and assets          —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           —         13,868          13,868
    Disposal of subsidiaries                        —             —           —                 —                  (1)            —                  —           —           (391)            (392)
    Share of changes in the equity
      investee’s capital accounts                   —             —           —                 —                  (2)            —                  —           —             —                (2)

    Balance as of December 31, 2022 3,179,673,067                 —* (43,993,820)           (2,493)         184,041            3,473               (959)     29,304        60,167         273,533



*      Absolute amount is less than RMB1 million.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  273
      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                                  Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                other                      Non-            Total
                                                                                                        Additional       Statutory      comprehensive    Retained    controlling   shareholders’
                                                  Shares     Amount        Shares       Amount       paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)   earnings      interests         equity
                                                                RMB                        RMB                RMB             RMB                RMB        RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                           (in millions, except share data)

          Balance as of December 31, 2022 3,179,673,067             —* (43,993,820)       (2,493)          184,041            3,473              (959)     29,304        60,167         273,533

          Issuance of ordinary shares           3,761,270           —*          —               —               472              —                 —           —             —              472
          Dividends                                   —             —           —               —                —               —                 —       (6,784)           —            (6,784)
          Repurchase of ordinary shares               —             — (22,678,980)        (2,497)                —               —                 —           —             —            (2,497)
          Exercise of share-based awards              —             —    1,485,726             120              (73)             —                 —           —             —               47
          Share-based compensation and
            vesting of share-based awards             —             — 19,416,652           1,461                453              —                 —           —          2,958           4,872
          Net income/(loss)                           —             —           —               —                —               —                 —       24,167          (910)         23,257
          Translation adjustments and
            hedge of net investments
            in foreign operations, net of tax         —             —           —               —                —               —              1,862          —           (488)          1,374
          Statutory reserves                          —             —           —               —                —            2,636                —       (2,636)           —                —
          Change of the capital from
            non-controlling interest
            shareholders                              —             —           —               —              (690)             —                 —           —          2,181           1,491
          Share of changes in the equity
            investee’s capital accounts               —             —           —               —                 1              —                 —           —             —                 1

          Balance as of December 31, 2023 3,183,434,337             —* (45,770,422)       (3,409)          184,204            6,109               903      44,051        63,908         295,766


      *      Absolute amount is less than RMB1 million.


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




274   JD.com, Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1   Principal Activities and Organization
    JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider, providing products
    and services to consumers, third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners through its subsidiaries,
    consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”).

    The Group operates e-commerce business, including online retail and online marketplace mainly through its
    retail mobile apps and www.jd.com website (collectively, “JD Platform”). The Group serves consumers through
    online retail, focusing on product selection, price and convenience, serves third-party merchants through online
    marketplace, offering programs that enable the merchants to sell their products on JD Platform and to fulfill
    the orders either by themselves or through the Group’s logistics services. Leveraging its AI capabilities and
    technologies, the Group provides a variety of marketing services to business partners through its proprietary
    advertisement technology platform. Leveraging its leading logistics network, the Group provides integrated supply
    chain solutions and logistics services, primarily including warehousing and distribution services, express and
    freight services and other value-added services to third parties, including both third-party merchants and suppliers
    on JD Platform and other business partners, through JD Logistics, Inc. (“JD Logistics”), the Group’s logistics
    subsidiary. The Group also operates healthcare business through JD Health International Inc. (“JD Health”),
    establishes platform for developing and managing modern infrastructure through JINGDONG Property, Inc.
    (“JD Property”, formerly known as JD Property Group Corporation), empowers industrial development by
    supply chain technology and services through JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (“JD Industrials”, formerly known as
    JD Industrial Technology Inc.) and provides on-demand retail platform services and on-demand delivery services
    through Dada Nexus Limited (“Dada”).

    The Company’s American depositary share (“ADS”) have been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under
    the symbol “JD” and the Company’s ordinary shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
    of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) under the stock codes “9618 (HKD counter)” and “89618 (RMB counter)”.

    The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).
    The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its
    subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        275
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s major subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’
           subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                    Equity
                                                                 interest held    Place and date of incorporation
             Subsidiaries
             Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd.
               (“Jingdong Century”)                                 100%              Beijing, China, April 2007
             Jiangsu Jingdong Information Technology Co., Ltd.      100%             Jiangsu, China, June 2009
             Shanghai Shengdayuan Information Technology
               Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Shengdayuan”)                   100%             Shanghai, China, April 2011
             JD Logistics Holding Limited                            63%           Hong Kong, China, August 2011
             Jingdong Technology Group Corporation                  100%          Cayman Islands, November 2011
             JINGDONG Property, Inc.                                 75%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
             JD Logistics, Inc.                                      63%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
             Jingdong E-Commerce (Trade) Hong Kong Co., Ltd.        100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
             JD.com International Limited                           100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
             Beijing Jingdong Shangke Information Technology
               Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Shangke”)                        100%             Beijing, China, March 2012
             Chongqing Jingdong Haijia E-commerce
               Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Haijia”)                       100%            Chongqing, China, June 2014
             JD.com Investment Limited                              100%         British Virgin Islands, January 2015
             JD Asia Development Limited                             75%         British Virgin Islands, February 2015
             Suqian Hanbang Investment Management Co., Ltd.         100%            Jiangsu, China, January 2016
             Xi’an Jingxundi Supply Chain Technology
                Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jingxundi”)                        63%              Shaanxi, China, May 2017
             JD Assets Holding Limited                              100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
             JD Property Holding Limited                            100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
             Beijing Wodong Tianjun Information Technology
               Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Wodong Tianjun”)                 100%              Beijing, China, May 2018
             JD Health International Inc.                            67%          Cayman Islands, November 2018
             JD Jiankang Limited                                    100%           British Virgin Islands, April 2019
             JD Industrial Technology Limited                       100%         British Virgin Islands, October 2019
             JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.                              77%          Cayman Islands, November 2019
             Jingdong Logistics Supply Chain Co., Ltd.               63%             Jiangsu, China, June 2020
             Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd.
                (“Jiangsu Huiji”)                                   100%             Jiangsu, China, March 2019



276   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
                                                              Equity
                                                           interest held    Place and date of incorporation
     Subsidiaries (Continued)
     JD Sunflower Investment Limited                          100%         British Virgin Islands, February 2016
     Windcreek Limited                                        100%         British Virgin Islands, January 2016
     Dada Nexus Limited (“Dada”)                               53%             Cayman Islands, July 2014


     Consolidated VIEs
     Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-commerce Co., Ltd.
       (“Jingdong 360”)                                                         Beijing, China, April 2007
     Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-commerce Co., Ltd.
        (“Jiangsu Yuanzhou”)                                                Jiangsu, China, September 2010
     Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management
        Co., Ltd. (“Jingdong Bangneng”)                                       Jiangsu, China, August 2015
     Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology
        Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng”)                                  Shaanxi, China, June 2017
     Suqian Juhe Digital Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.
       (“Suqian Juhe”)                                                         Jiangsu, China, June 2020


     Consolidated VIEs’ Subsidiaries
     Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Jingbangda”)                                                  Beijing, China, August 2012




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        277
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           •     Organization
                 The Company was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) in November 2006 and was
                 re-domiciled in the Cayman Islands in January 2014 as an exempted company registered under the laws of
                 the Cayman Islands.


                 In April 2007, April 2011, May 2017, March 2019 and June 2019, the Company established Jingdong
                 Century, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Xi’an Jingxundi, Jiangsu Huiji and Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd.
                 (“Jingdong Jiankang”) as wholly foreign-owned enterprises in the PRC, respectively. In April 2007,
                 September 2010, August 2015, June 2017, June 2019 and June 2020, Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
                 Jingdong Bangneng, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd.
                 (“Suqian Jingdong Tianning”) and Suqian Juhe were incorporated in the PRC, respectively. The paid-in
                 capital of each of these entities was funded by the Company, and they were established to facilitate the
                 Group’s operation and business expansion plans and comply with the PRC laws and regulations which
                 prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of the companies where the PRC operating licenses are required.
                 By entering into a series of agreements, Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng
                 became VIEs of Jingdong Century, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng became a VIE of Xi’an Jingxundi, Suqian
                 Jingdong Tianning became a VIE of Jingdong Jiankang and Suqian Juhe became a VIE of Jiangsu Huiji.
                 Consequently, Jingdong Century became the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou
                 and Jingdong Bangneng, Xi’an Jingxundi became the primary beneficiary of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng,
                 Jingdong Jiankang became the primary beneficiary of Suqian Jingdong Tianning and Jiangsu Huiji became
                 the primary beneficiary of Suqian Juhe. In September 2022, the Group renewed certain agreements,
                 among which Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng became VIEs of Shanghai Shengdayuan and
                 Shengdayuan became the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng.


           •     Consolidated variable interest entities
                 In order to comply with the PRC laws and regulations which prohibit or restrict foreign control of
                 companies involved in provision of internet content and other restricted businesses, the Group operates
                 its websites and other restricted businesses in the Chinese mainland through certain PRC domestic
                 companies, whose equity interests are held by certain individuals (“Nominee Shareholders”). The Group
                 obtained control over these PRC domestic companies by entering into a series of contractual arrangements
                 with these PRC domestic companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders. These contractual
                 agreements are substantially similar in key aspects governing the contractual arrangements with a variable
                 interest entity of the Group, include loan agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive
                 technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as
                 applicable, intellectual property rights license agreement, equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney,
                 business cooperation agreement and business operation agreements. These contractual agreements can
                 be extended at the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries’ options prior to the expiration date. Management
                 concluded that these PRC domestic companies are consolidated VIEs of the Group, of which the Group
                 is the ultimate primary beneficiary. As such, the Group consolidated the financial results of these PRC
                 domestic companies and their subsidiaries in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note
                 2(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the principles of consolidation.


278   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    The following is a summary of the contractual agreements (collectively, “Contractual Agreements”) that the
    Group, through its subsidiaries, entered into with the consolidated VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders:


    •    Loan agreements
         Pursuant to the relevant loan agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have granted interest-free
         loans to the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs with the sole purpose of providing funds necessary
         for the capital injection to the relevant VIEs. The loans for initial and subsequent capital injections are
         eliminated with the capital of the relevant VIEs during consolidation. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries
         can require the Nominee Shareholders to settle the loan amount with the equity interests of the relevant
         VIEs, subject to any applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. The loan agreements are renewable upon
         expiration.


    •    Exclusive purchase option agreements
         The Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have granted the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries the exclusive
         and irrevocable rights to purchase from the Nominee Shareholders, to the extent permitted under the
         PRC laws and regulations, part or all of the equity interests in these entities for a purchase price equal to
         the lowest price permitted by the PRC laws and regulations. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries may
         exercise such option at any time. In addition, the VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders have agreed that
         without prior written consent of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries, they will not transfer or otherwise
         dispose the equity interests or declare any dividend.


    •    Exclusive technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business
         cooperation agreements
         The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and relevant VIEs entered into exclusive technology consulting
         and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable, under which
         the relevant VIEs engage the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their exclusive provider of technical
         platform and technical support, business support, maintenance and other services. The VIEs shall pay to
         the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries service fees determined based on the volume and market price
         of the service provided. All the benefits and interests generated from the agreements, including but
         not limited to intellectual property rights, know-how and trade secrets, will be the Group’s relevant PRC
         subsidiaries’ sole and exclusive rights. During the term of the agreements, the relevant VIEs may not enter
         into any agreement with third parties for the provision of identical or similar services without prior consent
         of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        279
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           •     Equity pledge agreements
                 Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreements, the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have pledged
                 all of their equity interests in the relevant VIEs to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as collateral for all
                 of their payments due to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and to secure their obligations under the
                 above agreements. The Nominee Shareholders may not transfer or assign the equity interests, the rights
                 and obligations in the equity pledge agreements or create or permit to create any pledges which may have
                 an adverse effect on the rights or benefits of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries without the Group’s
                 relevant PRC subsidiaries’ preapproval. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries are entitled to transfer or
                 assign in full or in part the equity interests pledged. In the event of default, the Group’s relevant PRC
                 subsidiaries as the pledgee, will be entitled to request immediate repayment of the loans or to dispose of
                 the pledged equity interests through transfer or assignment.


           •     Powers of attorney
                 Pursuant to the irrevocable powers of attorney, each of the Nominee Shareholders appointed any person
                 designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder
                 rights under the PRC laws and the relevant articles of association, including but not limited to, voting
                 on their behalf on all matters requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the Nominee
                 Shareholders’ equity interests, and electing, appointing or removing directors and the general managers of
                 the VIEs. Each power of attorney will remain in force during the period when the Nominee Shareholders
                 continue to be the shareholders of the VIEs. Each of the Nominee Shareholders has waived all the rights
                 which have been authorized to the person designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries under each
                 power of attorney.


           •     Business operation agreements
                 Pursuant to the business operation agreements, the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs must
                 appoint the candidates nominated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be the directors on the VIEs’
                 board of directors in accordance with applicable laws and the articles of association of the VIEs, and must
                 cause the persons recommended by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be appointed as the VIEs’
                 general manager, chief financial officer and other senior executives.




280   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    •   Risks in relations to the VIE structure
        The Company believes that the contractual arrangements among its subsidiaries, the VIEs and their
        owners are in compliance with the current PRC laws and legally enforceable. However, uncertainties in
        the interpretation and enforcement of the PRC laws, regulations and policies could limit the Company’s
        ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. As a result, the Company may be unable to consolidate
        the VIEs and VIEs’ subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements. The Company’s ability to control
        the VIEs also depends on the authorization by the shareholders of the VIEs to exercise voting rights
        on all matters requiring shareholders’ approval in the VIEs. The Company believes that the agreements
        on authorization to exercise shareholders’ voting power are legally enforceable. In addition, if the legal
        structure and contractual arrangements with the VIEs are found to be in violation of any future PRC laws
        and regulations, the Company may be subject to fines or potentially be forced to relinquish Company’s
        interests in those operations. The Company believes the possibility that it will no longer be able to control
        and consolidate the VIEs as a result of the aforementioned risks is remote.


        The following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and changes in cash, cash
        equivalents, and restricted cash of the consolidated VIEs (where appropriate, the term “VIEs” also refers
        to its subsidiaries as a whole) structured by the Contractual Agreements, which have eliminated the
        intercompany transactions within the consolidated VIEs:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2023
                                                                                           (RMB in millions)

          Total assets                                                                     78,162           81,301
          Total liabilities                                                                74,553           74,855



                                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                                                           2021              2022              2023
                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

          Total net revenues                                           117,419            134,516          145,795
          Net income/(loss)                                              (3,069)             1,137             2,503




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        281
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           •     Risks in relations to the VIE structure (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2021               2022            2023
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                     Net cash provided by operating activities                    1,593             5,434           3,291
                     Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities        (10,089)            (4,498)         3,324
                     Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities         11,611             (1,306)           (900)

                     Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents,
                      and restricted cash                                         3,115              (370)          5,715
                     Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
                       at beginning of year                                       2,445             5,560           5,190

                     Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
                       at end of year                                             5,560             5,190          10,905


                 As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the total assets of the consolidated VIEs excluding the intra-
                 company balances and transactions within the Group were RMB71,527 million and RMB78,316
                 million, respectively, which were consisting of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
                 investments, accounts receivable, net, inventories, net, marketable securities and other investments,
                 investment in equity investees, property, equipment and software, net, operating lease right-of-use
                 assets and prepayments and other non-current assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the total
                 liabilities of the consolidated VIEs after eliminating the intra-company balances and transactions within
                 the Group were RMB39,368 million and RMB40,607 million, respectively, which were consisting of
                 short-term debts, accounts payable, operating lease liabilities, long-term borrowings, accrued expenses
                 and other non-current liabilities.

                 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the total net revenues of the consolidated VIEs
                 were RMB59,124 million, RMB72,666 million and RMB85,140 million, respectively, which have been
                 reflected in the Group’s consolidated financial statements with the intra-company transactions within the
                 Group eliminated.

                 In accordance with the Contractual Agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have the power
                 to direct activities of the consolidated VIEs, and can have assets transferred out of the consolidated
                 VIEs. Therefore, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries consider that there is no asset in the consolidated
                 VIEs that can be used only to settle their obligations except for registered capitals and the PRC statutory
                 reserves of the consolidated VIEs amounting to RMB3,378 million as of December 31, 2023. As the
                 consolidated VIEs are incorporated as limited liability companies under the PRC Company Law, the
                 creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries for all the
                 liabilities of the consolidated VIEs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the total shareholders’ equity of
                 the consolidated VIEs was RMB3,609 million and RMB6,446 million, respectively.




282   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    •    Risks in relations to the VIE structure (Continued)
         Currently there is no contractual arrangement that could require the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries or
         the Group to provide additional financial support to the consolidated VIEs. As the Group conducts certain
         businesses in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated VIEs, the Group may provide additional
         financial support on a discretionary basis in the future, which could expose the Group to a loss.


2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
    a.   Basis of presentation
         The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Significant accounting
         policies followed by the Group in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
         are summarized below. All amounts, except for share, per share data or otherwise noted, are rounded to
         the nearest million.


    b.   Principles of consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and
         the consolidated VIEs for which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary. Subsidiaries are those
         entities in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power; or
         has the power to govern the financial and operating policies, to appoint or remove the majority of the
         members of the board of directors, or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of directors.


         A consolidated VIE is an entity in which the Company, or its subsidiaries, through the Contractual
         Arrangements, bear the risks of, and enjoy the rewards normally associated with, ownership of the entity,
         and therefore the Company or its subsidiaries are the primary beneficiary of the entity.


         All transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries and the consolidated VIEs have been
         eliminated upon consolidation.


    c.   Reclassifications
         Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior years’ consolidated financial statements to conform to
         the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on net income/(loss), shareholders’
         equity, or cash flows as previously reported.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        283
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           d.    Non-controlling interests
                 For the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs, non-controlling interests are recognized to reflect
                 the portion of their equity that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company as the controlling
                 shareholder. Non-controlling interests are classified as a separate line item in the equity section of the
                 Group’s consolidated balance sheets and have been separately disclosed in the Group’s consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) to distinguish the interests from that of
                 the Company. With respect to impairment losses of goodwill and intangible assets of the Company’s
                 subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs, the Company attributes impairment losses on the basis of the relative
                 ownership interests of the parent and non-controlling shareholders.

           e.    Use of estimates
                 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
                 management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
                 liabilities, related disclosures of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the reported revenues
                 and expenses during the reported period in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
                 Significant accounting estimates are used for, but not limited to, returns allowance, vendor rebates and
                 customer incentives, determination of the stand-alone selling price (“SSP”), the valuation and recognition
                 of share-based compensation arrangements, taxation, fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in
                 business combinations, fair value of certain equity investees, assessment for impairment of long-lived
                 assets, investment in equity investees, marketable securities and goodwill, allowance for doubtful accounts
                 including expected credit losses, inventory reserve for excess and obsolete inventories, lower of cost and
                 net realizable value of inventories, depreciable lives of property, equipment and software, useful lives of
                 intangible assets and the discount rate for lease. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates.


           f.    Foreign currency translation
                 The Group’s reporting currency is RMB. The functional currency of the Group’s entities incorporated in
                 Cayman Islands, BVI, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United States of America generally is U.S. dollars
                 (“US$”). The Group’s PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs generally determined their functional
                 currency to be RMB. The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in other jurisdictions generally use their
                 respective local currencies as their functional currencies. The determination of the respective functional
                 currency is based on the criteria of ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters.


                 Transactions denominated in currencies other than functional currency are translated into functional
                 currency at the exchange rates quoted by authoritative banks prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
                 Exchange gains and losses resulting from those foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency
                 other than the functional currency are recorded as a component of others, net in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss).




284   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    f.   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
         The consolidated financial statements of the Group are translated from the functional currency into RMB.
         Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into RMB using the applicable
         exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts other than earnings generated in current year
         are translated into RMB at the appropriate historical rates. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses are
         translated into RMB using the periodic average exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency translation
         adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) as a component of
         shareholders’ equity.


         The Company designates certain non-derivative instruments to hedge its net investments in certain
         foreign operations, to manage exposure in exchange rates. In December 2023, the Company designated
         the principal of its 8.3 billion of RMB denominated debt to hedge its $US denominated net investment
         in a certain subsidiary with functional currency of RMB. The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging
         instrument that is determined to be effective, referring to the exchange rate effect, is recognized
         directly in equity in “accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)”, net of income taxes, while the
         ineffective portion and the operating costs are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and
         comprehensive income/(loss). For the year ended December 31, 2023, the net investment hedge is deemed
         to be perfectly effective. The gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognized directly in
         “accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)” shall be recognized in the consolidated statements of
         operations and comprehensive income/(loss) when the disposal of the foreign subsidiary occurs.


    g.   Convenience translation
         Translations of the consolidated balance sheets, the consolidated statements of operations and
         comprehensive income/(loss) and the consolidated statements of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and
         for the year ended December 31, 2023 are solely for the convenience of the readers and were calculated
         at the rate of US$1.00=RMB7.0999, representing the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical
         release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board on December 29, 2023. No representation is made that the
         RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into US$ at that rate on
         December 31, 2023, or at any other rate.


    h.   Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on hand, time deposits and highly liquid investments
         which have original maturities of three months or less.


    i.   Restricted cash
         Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal or for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the
         face of the consolidated balance sheets, and is included in the total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
         cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Group’s restricted cash mainly represents security
         deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance and letter of guarantee.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        285
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           j.    Short-term investments
                 Short-term investments include wealth management products and time deposits placed with banks with
                 original maturities longer than three months but less than one year and maturities less than one year.
                 Wealth management products are certain deposits with variable interest rates or principal not-guaranteed
                 with certain financial institutions. The Group elects the fair value option to record wealth management
                 products with variable interest rates as well as principal not guaranteed and deposits mainly indexed to
                 foreign exchange with maturities less than one year at fair value in accordance with ASC 825 Financial
                 Instruments. Changes in the fair value are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and
                 comprehensive income/(loss). The Group also holds deposits that earn fixed interest rate return only if the
                 Group hold the securities to maturity. As the Group has the positive intent and ability to hold the deposits
                 to maturity, they are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost.


           k.    Accounts receivable, net
                 Accounts receivable mainly represent amounts due from customers and online payment channels and are
                 recorded net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

                 The Group, in collaboration with Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. (“JD Technology”, formerly
                 known as Jingdong Digits Technology Holding Co., Ltd), provides consumer financing to the qualified
                 customers in the online retail business, such consumer financing receivables are recorded as accounts
                 receivable. Due to the legacy contractual arrangements with JD Technology, the Group remains as the
                 legal owner of the consumer financing receivables, where JD Technology performs the related credit
                 assessment and is obligated to purchase the consumer financing receivables past due over certain
                 agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values to absorb the risks and obtain the returns from
                 such financing arrangements, as such, no allowance for doubtful accounts were provided. The Group,
                 in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes consumer financing receivables through the
                 transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles, please refer to Note 2(w).

                 Other than the accounts receivable arising from the consumer financing, the Group evaluates its accounts
                 receivable for expected credit losses on a regular basis. The Group maintains an estimated allowance
                 for credit losses to reduce its accounts receivable to the amount that it believes will be collected. The
                 Group uses the length of time a balance has been outstanding, the payment history, creditworthiness and
                 financial conditions of the customers and industry trend as credit quality indicators to monitor the Group’s
                 receivables within the scope of expected credit losses model, along with reasonable and supportable
                 forecasts as a basis to develop the Group’s expected loss estimates. The Group adjusts the allowance
                 percentage periodically when there are significant differences between estimated bad debts and actual
                 bad debts. If there is strong evidence indicating that the accounts receivable is likely to be unrecoverable,
                 the Group also makes specific allowance in the period in which a loss is determined to be probable.
                 Accounts receivable balances are written off after all collection efforts have been exhausted.




286   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    l.   Inventories, net
         Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable
         value. Cost of inventories is mainly determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are
         recorded to write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving
         merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and
         forecasted consumer demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. The Group takes ownership,
         risks and rewards of the products purchased, but has arrangements to return unsold goods with certain
         vendors. Write downs are recorded in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and
         comprehensive income/(loss).


         The Group also provides fulfillment-related services in connection with the Group’s online marketplace.
         Third-party merchants maintain ownership of their inventories and therefore these products are not
         included in the Group’s inventories.


    m.   Loan receivables, net
         Loan receivables represent the consumer financing, in collaboration with JD Technology, provided to qualified
         individual customers on the Group’s online marketplace. Due to the legacy contractual arrangements with
         JD Technology, the Group remains as the legal owner of the consumer financing receivables, including
         such loan receivables, where JD Technology performs the related credit assessment and absorbs the
         credit risks. The loan terms extended to the customers generally range from 1 month to 24 months. As
         JD Technology is obligated to purchase the receivables past due over certain agreed period of time from
         the Group at carrying values to absorb the credit risks, no provision for doubtful accounts was recorded for
         the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. The loan receivables were measured at amortized
         cost and reported in the consolidated balance sheets at outstanding principal. As of December 31, 2022
         and 2023, the loan receivables with the collection period less than one year amounting to RMB2,131 million
         and RMB1,711 million, respectively, were classified into prepayments and other current assets in the
         consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the loan receivables with the collection
         period over one year amounting to RMB142 million and RMB251 million, respectively, were classified
         into other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash paid for loan originations and cash
         received from loan repayments are classified as investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash
         flows. The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes loan receivables through the
         transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles, please refer to Note 2(w).




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        287
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           n.    Property, equipment and software, net
                 Property, equipment and software are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
                 Property, equipment and software are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
                 impairment and residual value, if any, over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The estimated
                 useful lives of major property, equipment and software are as follows:


                     Category                                                             Estimated useful lives

                     Electronic equipment                                                         3–5 years
                     Office equipment                                                              5 years
                     Vehicles                                                                     3–6 years
                     Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                              5–10 years
                     Leasehold improvement                                        Over the shorter of the expected life of
                                                                                 leasehold improvements or the lease term
                     Software                                                                     3–5 years
                     Land                                                                         Indefinite
                     Building                                                                   30–40 years
                     Building improvement                                                        5–10 years



                 Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expenses as incurred, whereas the costs of renewals and
                 betterment that extend the useful lives of property, equipment and software are capitalized as additions
                 to the related assets. Retirements, sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the costs,
                 accumulated depreciation and impairment with any resulting gain or loss recognized in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss).


           o.    Construction in progress
                 Direct costs that are related to the construction of property, equipment and software and incurred in
                 connection with bringing the assets to their intended use are capitalized as construction in progress.
                 Construction in progress is transferred to specific property, equipment and software items and the
                 depreciation of these assets commences when the assets are ready for their intended use. As of
                 December 31, 2022 and 2023, construction in progress were primarily relating to the construction of office
                 buildings and warehouses.


           p.    Land use rights, net
                 Land use rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided on a straight-line
                 basis over the estimated useful lives which are 18 to 70 years and represent the shorter of the estimated
                 usage periods or the terms of the agreements.




288   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    q.   Intangible assets, net
         Intangible assets purchased from third parties are initially recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line
         basis over the estimated economic useful lives. The Group performs valuation of the intangible assets
         arising from business combination to determine the fair value to be assigned to each asset acquired.
         The Group determines the fair value using the appropriate approach which requires management to make
         significant estimates and assumptions. The acquired intangible assets are recognized and measured at fair
         value and are expensed or amortized using the straight-line approach over the estimated economic useful
         lives of the assets.


         The estimated useful lives of major intangible assets are as follows:


           Category                                                                Estimated useful lives

           Non-compete                                                                    5–8 years
           Domain names and trademarks                                                    5–20 years
           Customer relationship                                                          3–10 years
           Technology and others                                                          3–10 years


    r.   Goodwill
         Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and
         liabilities acquired in a business combination.


         Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of
         December 31, and in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could
         indicate that the asset might be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and
         Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (“ASU 2017-04”) issued by the Financial
         Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance on testing of goodwill for impairment, the Group first
         assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
         unit is less than its carrying amount. If as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than
         not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment
         test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The quantitative impairment test consists of
         a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the
         carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss equal to the difference
         between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying amount will be recorded.


         Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the
         identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to
         reporting units, and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair
         value of reporting units includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates
         and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the
         determination of fair value for each reporting unit.

                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         289
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           s.    Asset acquisition
                 When the Group acquires other entities, if the assets acquired and liabilities assumed do not constitute a
                 business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. Assets are recognized based on their
                 cost, which generally includes the transaction costs of the asset acquisition. The cost of a group of assets
                 acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on
                 their relative fair values and does not give rise to goodwill.


                 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group entered into several transactions, which were
                 accounted for as asset acquisitions, to acquire certain assets for development purpose, mainly including
                 RMB5,997 million of property, equipment and software, net, RMB1,009 million of construction in progress
                 and RMB2,638 million of land use rights.


           t.    Investment in equity investees
                 Investment in equity investees represents the Group’s investments in privately held companies, publicly
                 traded companies and private equity funds. The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account
                 for an equity investment, in common stock or in-substance common stock, according to ASC Topic 323,
                 Investment — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”), over which it has significant influence but
                 does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.


                 An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward
                 characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity’s common stock. The Group considers
                 subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and obligation to transfer value when determining whether
                 an investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that entity’s common stock.


                 Under the equity method, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the equity
                 investees are recorded in “share of results of equity investees” in the consolidated statements of
                 operations and comprehensive income/(loss) and its share of post-acquisition movements of accumulated
                 other comprehensive income/(loss) are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) as
                 a component of shareholders’ equity. The Group records its share of the results of equity investments
                 in publicly listed companies and certain privately held companies on one quarter in arrears basis. The
                 excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the underlying equity in net assets of the equity
                 investee represents goodwill and intangible assets acquired. When the Group’s share of losses in the
                 equity investee equals or exceeds its interest in the equity investee, the Group does not recognize further
                 losses, unless the Group has incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of the equity
                 investee, or the Group holds other investments in the equity investee.


                 The Group continually reviews its investment in equity investees under equity method to determine
                 whether a decline in fair value to below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors
                 the Group considers in its determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, the
                 financial condition, operating performance and the prospects of the equity investee, and other company
                 specific information such as recent financing rounds. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be
                 other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the equity investee is written down to fair value.


290   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    t.   Investment in equity investees (Continued)
         Private equity funds pursue various investment strategies, including event driven and multi-strategy.
         Investments in private equity funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature of
         these funds. These private equity funds, over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise
         significant influence, are accounted for under the existing practical expedient in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value
         Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”) to estimate fair value using the net asset value per share (or
         its equivalent) of the investment (“NAV practical expedient”).


         The Group’s equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which do not qualify for NAV
         practical expedient and over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence
         through the investments in common stock or in substance common stock, are accounted for under
         the measurement alternative (the “Measurement Alternative”) in accordance with ASU 2016-01,
         Financial Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10) — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
         and Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016-01”). Under the Measurement Alternative, the carrying value is
         measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in
         orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. All gains and losses on these
         investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of
         operations and comprehensive income/(loss). The Group makes assessment of whether an investment is
         impaired based on performance and financial position of the investee as well as other evidence of market
         value at each reporting date. Such assessment includes, but is not limited to, reviewing the investee’s
         cash position, recent financing, as well as the financial and business performance. The Group recognizes
         an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and fair value in “others, net” in
         the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) if there is any. When the
         investments become qualified for use of the equity method, the Group remeasures the previously held
         interest in the investments at fair value, if any observable price changes in orderly transactions identified
         for an identical or a similar investment, immediately before it applying the equity method, in accordance
         with ASU 2020-01, Investments — Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments — Equity Method and Joint
         Ventures (Topic 323).


    u.   Marketable securities and other investments
         The Group invests in marketable equity securities and other investments to meet business objectives.
         The marketable securities are classified as investments with readily determinable fair values, which
         are reported at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, the unrealized gains and losses on equity
         securities are recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
         income/(loss) under ASU 2016-01.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        291
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           u.    Marketable securities and other investments (Continued)
                 Other investments are comprised of time deposits placed with banks and wealth management products
                 with maturities more than one year. For wealth management products with variable interest rates as well
                 as principal not guaranteed and deposits mainly indexed to foreign exchange, the Group elected the fair
                 value option to account for them at fair value with changes in fair value recorded under “others, net” in the
                 consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). For wealth management products
                 and deposits that earn fixed interest rate return only if the Group held the securities to maturity, the Group
                 classified them as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost considering its positive intent and ability
                 to hold them to maturity.


           v.    Impairment of long-lived assets
                 Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as
                 a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate
                 that the carrying value of an asset or an asset group may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life
                 is shorter than the Group had originally estimated. When these events occur, the Group evaluates the
                 impairment for the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value of the asset or the asset group to
                 an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the asset or the
                 asset group and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less
                 than the carrying value of the asset or the asset group, the Group recognizes an impairment loss based on
                 the excess of the carrying value of the asset or the asset group over its fair value.


           w.    Nonrecourse securitization debt and transfer of financial assets
                 The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes accounts receivable and loan
                 receivables arising from consumer financing through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles.
                 The securitization vehicles then issue (1) debt securities to third-party investors and JD Technology,
                 or (2) trust beneficiary rights to the Group which are immediately transferred to third-party investors,
                 collateralized by the transferred assets. The asset-backed debt securities issued by the securitization
                 vehicles and the trust beneficiary rights transferred by the Group are nonrecourse to the Group and are
                 payable only out of collections on their respective underlying collateralized assets.


                 The securitization vehicles are considered variable interest entities pursuant to ASC Topic 810,
                 Consolidation. The Group will consolidate the securitization vehicles when economic interests are retained
                 in the form of subordinated interests, and acting as the servicer of securitization vehicles. Accordingly, the
                 Group is precluded from recording the related transfers of assets in securitization transactions as sales.
                 Asset-backed debt securities issued by the consolidated securitization vehicles are accounted for as the
                 financing type transactions.




292   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    w.   Nonrecourse securitization debt and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
         The Group does not consolidate the securitization vehicles when no economic interests are retained by the
         Group, and the Group has no continuing involvements, including the servicer of the securitization vehicles.
         Transfers are accounted for as sale and corresponding transferred accounts receivable are de-recognized in
         the consolidated balance sheets pursuant to ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing (“ASC 860”), only if
         they meet all of the three criteria: (i) the transferred financial assets have been isolated from the transferor
         and its creditor, (ii) each transferee has the rights to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, or the
         transferor has no continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets, and (iii) the transferor does
         not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets or third-party beneficial interests related
         to those transferred assets. Otherwise, the transfers of the assets are accounted for as a financing type
         transaction if the conditions in ASC 860-10-40-5 are not met. The under common control relationship of
         the transferor and transferee should be ignored when applying ASC 860, as long as the transferee is not
         consolidated by the transferor. The gain/loss recorded upon the sale accounting was immaterial for the
         periods presented.


    x.   Unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings
         Unsecured senior notes are recognized initially at fair value, net of debt discounts or premiums and debt
         issuance costs. Debt discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction of the
         principal amount and the related accretion is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements
         of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) over the maturities of the notes using the effective
         interest method.


         Long-term borrowings are recognized at carrying amount. Interest expense is accrued over the estimated
         term of the facilities and recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
         income/(loss).


    y.   Fair value
         Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to
         transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When
         determining the fair value measurement for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at
         fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it
         considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


         The Group measures certain financial assets, including investments under the equity method on
         other-than-temporary basis, investments under the Measurement Alternative, intangible assets, goodwill
         and fixed assets at fair value when an impairment charge is recognized.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         293
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           y.    Fair value (Continued)
                 Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of
                 observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial
                 instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
                 significant to the fair value measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that may
                 be used to measure fair value:


                 Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in
                            active markets.


                 Level 2 — Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


                 Level 3 — Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


                 Accounting guidance also describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and
                 liabilities: (1) market approach; (2) income approach and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses
                 prices and other relevant information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable
                 assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single
                 present value amount. The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations
                 about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required
                 to replace an asset.


           z.    Revenues
                 Consistent with the criteria of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), the
                 Group recognizes revenues when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised
                 good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when the customer obtains
                 control of that asset.


                 In accordance with ASC 606, the Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of
                 product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal,
                 that the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the
                 customers, the revenues should be recognized in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                 to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
                 and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified goods or
                 services, the revenues should be recognized in the net amount for the amount of commission which the
                 Group earns in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.
                 Revenues are recorded net of value added taxes.




294   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    z.   Revenues (Continued)
         The Group recognizes revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered
         and title is passed to customers. Significant judgement is required to estimate return allowances.
         For online retail business with return conditions, the Group reasonably estimates the possibility of return
         based on the historical experience, changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates could
         materially impact the amount of net revenues recognized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, liabilities
         for return allowances were RMB743 million and RMB950 million, respectively, which were included in
         “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities”. The rights to recover products from customers associated
         with the Group’s liabilities for return allowances are the Group’s assets, which were RMB785 million and
         RMB989 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and were included in “Prepayments and
         other current assets”.


         The Group also sells prepaid cards which can be redeemed to purchase products sold on the JD Platform.
         In accordance with ASC 606, the cash collected from the sales of prepaid cards is initially recorded in
         advance from customers in the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognized as revenues
         upon the sales of the respective products through redemption of prepaid cards are completed. The Group
         recognizes revenues from estimated unredeemed prepaid cards over the expected customer redemption
         periods, rather than waiting until prepaid cards expire or when the likelihood of redemption becomes
         remote in accordance with ASC 606.


         Revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units of accounting based on
         the SSP of each separate unit. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as the Group does
         not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of the selling prices of the deliverables,
         considerations are allocated using estimated selling prices. Determining the SSP of each separate unit may
         require significant judgments, and significant assumptions and estimates have been made in estimating
         the relative selling price of each single-element.


         Net Product Revenues
         The Group recognizes the product revenues from the online retail business on a gross basis as the Group is
         acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified
         goods. Revenues from the sales of electronics and home appliance products were RMB492,592 million,
         RMB515,945 million and RMB538,799 million, and revenues from the sales of general merchandise
         products were RMB323,063 million, RMB349,117 million and RMB332,425 million, for the years ended
         December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The Group’s net product revenues were mainly generated
         by the JD Retail segment.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         295
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           z.    Revenues (Continued)
                 Net Service Revenues
                 The Group charges commission fees to third-party merchants for participating in the Group’s online
                 marketplace, where the Group generally is acting as an agent and its performance obligation is to arrange
                 for the provision of the specified goods or services by those third-party merchants. Upon successful sales,
                 the Group charges the third-party merchants a negotiated amount or a fixed rate commission fee based
                 on the sales amount. Commission fee revenues are recognized on a net basis at the point of delivery of
                 products, net of return allowances.

                 The Group provides marketing services to third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners
                 on its various website channels and third-party marketing affiliate’s websites, including but not limited to
                 pay for performance marketing services on which the customers are charged based on effective clicks on
                 their product information, and display advertising services that allow customers to place advertisements
                 on various websites. The Group recognizes revenues from pay for performance marketing services based
                 on effective clicks, and recognizes revenues from display advertising services ratably over the period
                 during which the advertising services are provided or on the number of times that the advertisement
                 has been displayed based on cost per thousand impressions. The Group did not enter into material
                 advertising-for-advertising barter transactions for the periods presented.

                 The Group opens its fulfillment infrastructure by offering integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
                 services to third parties through JD Logistics, primarily including warehousing and distribution services,
                 express and freight delivery services and other value-added services. Revenues generated from these
                 services are primarily recognized over time as the Group performs the services in the contracts because of
                 the continuous transfer of control to the customers.

                 JD Plus memberships provide the Group’s core customers with a better shopping experience, access to
                 an evolving suite of benefits that represent a single stand-ready obligation. Subscriptions are paid for at
                 the time of or in advance of delivering the services. Revenues from such arrangements are recognized
                 over the subscription period.

                 The Group offers comprehensive customer services, primarily include 7*24 hours customer services
                 to respond to customers’ post-sales requests, return and exchange services to facilitate customers’
                 return, exchange and repair of defective goods. These services are free of charge. The Group also
                 provides return/exchange logistics services to the customers, of which the revenues recognized were
                 not material for the periods presented.

                 The Group also provides on-demand retail platform services and on-demand delivery services through
                 Dada. For on-demand retail platform services, the Group acts as an agent and charges the retailer a fixed
                 rate commission fee based on the sales amount and commission fee revenues on a net basis at the point
                 of delivery of merchandise upon successful sales. For on-demand delivery services, the Group acts as
                 an agent and recognizes revenues on a net basis at the point of delivery of merchandise. In addition, the
                 Group fulfills the delivery needs of retailers and other business customers on Dada’s platforms, the Group
                 has determined that it acts as the principal in these transactions and recognizes revenues on a gross basis
                 at a fixed rate or a pre-determined amount for each completed delivery.


296   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    z.   Revenues (Continued)
         Net Service Revenues (Continued)
         Revenues from online marketplace and marketing services were RMB72,118 million, RMB81,970 million
         and RMB84,726 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, which
         were mainly generated by the JD Retail segment. Revenues from logistics and other services were
         RMB63,819 million, RMB99,204 million and RMB128,712 million, for the years ended December 31, 2021,
         2022 and 2023, respectively, which were mainly generated by the JD Logistics segment.

    aa. Contract balances
         Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable
         represent amounts invoiced and revenues recognized prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied the
         Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional rights to payment.

         Unearned revenues consist of payments received or awards to customers related to unsatisfied
         performance obligation at the end of the period, included in current and non-current deferred revenues
         and advance from customers in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the
         Group’s total unearned revenues were RMB33,325 million, of which RMB24,227 million was recognized
         as revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Group’s total unearned revenues were
         RMB29,143 million as of December 31, 2023.

         The Group applied a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with
         a customer when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include certain
         partner sales incentive programs. The Group has no material incremental costs of obtaining contracts with
         customers that the Group expects the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year which need to be
         recognized as assets.

    bb. Customer incentives and loyalty programs
         The Group provides two types of discounted coupons, referred to as D Coupons and J Coupons, for free to
         its customers to incentivize purchase.

         •    D Coupons are given to a customer upon current purchase or can be given for free to promote
              future purchases. This coupon requires the customer to make future purchase of a minimum value
              in order to enjoy the value provided by the coupon. The rights to purchase discounted products in
              the future does not represent a material rights to the customer. The Group assesses the significance
              of the discount by considering its percentage of the total future minimum purchase value, historical
              usage pattern by the customers and relative outstanding volume and monetary value of D Coupons
              compared to the other discounts offered by the Group. D Coupons are accounted for as a reduction
              of revenues on the future purchase.

         •    J Coupons are given to a customer upon their qualified purchase or can be given for free to promote
              future purchases and are to be used on a future purchase, with no limitation as to the minimum
              value of the future purchase. Accordingly, the Group has determined that J Coupons awarded
              are considered as a separate performance obligation within the scope of ASC 606, as J Coupons
              represent a material rights to the customer. Therefore, the delivered products and J Coupons
              awarded are treated as two distinct performance obligations identified in the contract. The total
              sales consideration is allocated based on management’s best estimate of the relative SSP of each
              performance obligation. The amount allocated to J Coupons is deferred and recognized when
              J Coupons are redeemed or at the coupon’s expiration, whichever occurs first. For the years ended
              December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the amounts of expired J Coupons were not material.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       297
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           bb. Customer incentives and loyalty programs (Continued)
                 Registered customers may also earn J Beans, which were launched based on certain activities performed
                 on the Group’s website by the customers and can be used against qualified purchases on JD Platform,
                 which will directly reduce the amount paid by the customer, or redeemed for D Coupons that can be used
                 in certain shops on JD Platform. The Group considers J Beans awarded to be a separate performance
                 obligation identified in the contract. Therefore, the sales consideration is allocated to the products and
                 J Beans based on the relative SSP of the products and J Beans awarded. Consideration allocated to
                 J Beans is initially recorded as deferred revenues, and recognized as revenues when J Beans are used or
                 expired. J Beans will expire at the subsequent year end after issuance. For the years ended December 31,
                 2021, 2022 and 2023, the amounts of expired J Beans were not material.


           cc. Cost of revenues
                 Cost of revenues consists primarily of purchase price of products, inbound shipping charges, write-downs
                 of inventories, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services, and cost related to logistics
                 services provided to third parties.


           dd. Rebates and subsidies
                 The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products sold
                 and subsidies for the sales of the vendors’ products over a period of time. The rebates are not sufficiently
                 separable from the Group’s purchase of the vendors’ products and they do not represent a reimbursement
                 of costs incurred by the Group to sell vendors’ products. The Group accounts for the rebates received
                 from its vendors as a reduction to the prices it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group
                 records such amounts as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in the consolidated statements
                 of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Rebates are earned upon reaching minimum purchase
                 thresholds for a specified period. When volume rebates can be reasonably estimated based on the Group’s
                 past experiences and current forecasts, a portion of the rebates is recognized as the Group makes progress
                 towards the purchase threshold. Subsidies are calculated based on the volume of products sold through
                 the Group and are recorded as a reduction of cost of revenues when the sales have been completed and
                 the amount is determinable.


           ee. Fulfillment
                 Fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating the Group’s fulfillment centers,
                 customer service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to
                 buying, receiving, inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer
                 orders for shipment, processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third-party
                 couriers for dispatching and delivering the Group’s products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery
                 and pickup stations, and physical stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic
                 equipment. The cost related to logistics services provided to third parties is classified in cost of revenues
                 in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Shipping cost included in
                 fulfillment expenses amounted to RMB27,786 million, RMB28,958 million and RMB29,858 million for the
                 years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.



298   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    ff.   Marketing
          Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and payroll and
          related expenses for employees involved in marketing and business development activities. The Group
          pays commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in
          successful product sales and records such costs in marketing in the consolidated statements of operations
          and comprehensive income/(loss).


          Advertising costs, which consist primarily of online advertising, offline television, movie and outdoor
          advertising, and incentive programs to attract or retain consumers for the Group’s online marketplace, are
          expensed as incurred, and totaled RMB32,704 million, RMB29,898 million and RMB31,761 million for the
          years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


    gg. Research and development
          Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research
          and development employees involved in designing, developing and maintaining technology platform,
          and application of artificial intelligence, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology
          infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation,
          bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support the Group’s
          internal and external business. Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. Software
          development costs are recorded in “Research and development” as incurred as the costs qualifying for
          capitalization have been insignificant.


    hh. General and administrative
          General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
          functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these
          functions including facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate
          related expenses.


    ii.   Share-based compensation
          The Group grants restricted share units (“RSUs”) and share options of the Company and its subsidiaries to
          eligible employees and non-employees. The Group accounts for share-based awards issued to employees
          and non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation — Stock Compensation.


          Employees’ share-based awards, non-employees’ share-based awards and the founder’s share-based
          awards are measured at the grant date fair value of the awards and recognized as expenses a) immediately
          at grant date if no vesting conditions are required; or b) using graded vesting method, net of estimated
          forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        299
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           ii.   Share-based compensation (Continued)
                 All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted
                 for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued,
                 whichever is more reliably measurable.


                 The Group uses binomial option-pricing model or other appropriate methods to estimate the fair value of
                 share options. The determination of estimated fair value of share-based payment awards on the grant date
                 is affected by the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a number
                 of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected value volatility of the Company
                 over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee share option exercise behaviors, a
                 risk-free interest rate, exercise multiple and expected dividend yield, if any.


                 Determination of estimated fair value of the Company’s subsidiaries before they were publicly listed
                 requires complex and subjective judgments due to their limited financial and operating history, unique
                 business risks and limited public information on companies in China similar to the Company’s subsidiaries.
                 The Company estimates the Company’s subsidiaries’ enterprise value for purposes of recording share-based
                 compensation, and the information considered by the Company mainly include but are not limited to the
                 pricing of recent rounds of financing, future cash flow forecasts, discount rates, and liquidity factors.


                 The Group recognizes the estimated compensation cost of RSUs based on the fair value of its ordinary
                 shares on the date of the grant. The Group recognizes the compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,
                 over a vesting term for service-based RSUs.


                 Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in the subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
                 differ from those estimates.


                 A change in the terms or conditions of a share-based award, or cancellation of a share-based award
                 accompanied by the concurrent grant of a replacement award is accounted for as a modification (that is,
                 an exchange of the original award for a new award), unless the award’s fair value, vesting conditions,
                 and classification as an equity instrument are the same as immediately before and after the change. The
                 Group recognized incremental compensation cost for an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the
                 modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before the modification. Therefore, in
                 relation to the modified award, the Group recognized share-based compensation over the vesting periods
                 of the modified award.




300   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    jj.   Income tax
          Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial reporting purposes, adjusted
          for income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes, in
          accordance with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdictions. The Group follows the liability method of
          accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based
          on the temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of existing
          assets and liabilities by applying enacted statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which
          the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Group records a valuation allowance to reduce
          the amount of deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
          that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes
          of a change in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
          income/(loss) in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current in the
          consolidated balance sheets.


          The Group recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax
          position is “more likely than not” to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax
          positions that meet the “more likely than not” recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount
          of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Group
          estimates its liability for unrecognized tax benefits which are periodically assessed and may be affected
          by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities, changes and/or developments with respect
          to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of limitations. The ultimate outcome for a particular tax position
          may not be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of a tax audit and, in some cases, appeal or
          litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from the Group’s estimates. As each
          audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in
          the period in which the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in facts, circumstances
          and new information may require the Group to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates with
          regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in
          the period in which the changes occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group did not have any
          significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.

    kk. Leases
          In accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”), the Group, using the modified retrospective
          transition approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment in the period of adoption rather than
          retrospectively adjusting prior periods and the package of practical expedients, categorizes leases with
          contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance lease. However, the Group has
          no finance leases for any of the periods presented.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         301
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           kk. Leases (Continued)
                 Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the Group’s rights to use underlying assets for the lease term
                 and lease liabilities represent the Group’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
                 Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
                 value of lease payments over the lease term, reduced by lease incentives received, plus any initial direct
                 costs, using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. As the implicit rate in lease is not
                 readily determinable for the Group’s operating leases, the Group generally use the incremental borrowing
                 rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease
                 payments at commencement date. The Group’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate
                 the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease
                 payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group accounts for lease and
                 non-lease components separately.

                 The Group also enters into sale and leaseback transactions. The Group acts as the seller-lessee, transfers
                 its assets to a third-party entity (the buyer-lessor) and then leases the transferred assets back from the
                 buyer-lessor at an arm-length rental price. Upon consideration of ASC Topic 842-40-25-1 and ASC 606,
                 the transfer of the underlying assets is considered as sales, and according to ASC 842, the leaseback
                 transaction is classified as an operating lease. Therefore, the sale and the leaseback of the underlying
                 assets are separately accounted for by the Group. Upon completion of the transaction, the legal titles of
                 these assets are transferred to the third-party entity (the buyer-lessor), and the Group derecognizes these
                 transferred assets and recognizes gains or losses from disposal of these assets in accordance with ASC
                 Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. The leaseback transactions are accounted for under ASC 842,
                 and the ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date accordingly.

                 The Group leases warehouses, offices, and store space to third-parties. The arrangements are in the
                 nature of operating lease which is neither a sales-type nor direct-financing lease. As such, the underlying
                 assets remain on the Group’s balance sheet at their carrying value and continue to depreciate the assets
                 based on the estimated useful life. Rental revenue should be recognized on a straight-line basis (or another
                 systematic basis if that basis is more representative of the pattern in which income is earned from the
                 underlying assets over the term of the respective lease). The Group records an unbilled rent receivable,
                 which is the amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with
                 the lease.


           ll.   Comprehensive income/(loss)
                 Comprehensive income/(loss) is defined as the changes in equity of the Group during a period from
                 transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments from
                 shareholders and distributions to shareholders. Comprehensive income/(loss) for the periods presented
                 primarily includes net income/(loss) and foreign currency translation adjustments.




302   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    mm. Net income/(loss) per share
        Basic net income/(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary
        shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. For the
        calculation of diluted net income/(loss) per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares is
        adjusted by the effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares, including unvested RSUs and ordinary shares
        issuable upon the exercise of outstanding share options using the treasury stock method. Additionally, the
        Company takes into account the effect of dilutive shares of entities in which the Company holds equity
        interests. The dilutive impacts from equity interests mainly include equity investments accounted for using
        the equity method and the consolidated subsidiaries. The effect mentioned above is not included in the
        calculation of the diluted income/(loss) per share when inclusion of such effect would be anti-dilutive.

    nn. Segment reporting
        Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial
        information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), or
        decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Group’s
        CODM is the Chief Executive Officer.

        Beginning with the first quarter of 2021, the Group implemented certain segment reporting changes
        to better reflect its recently optimized organizational structure and business developments. The major
        changes in segment information mainly include: (1) Reported the results of JD Logistics as a new
        standalone segment. JD Logistics listed on the Main Board of the HKEX on May 28, 2021. (2) Moved the
        results of Jingxi and the internal business of JD Property from JD Retail to New Businesses. The changes
        relate to the realignment of JD Retail in connection with the establishment of the new Jingxi business
        group and the closing of JD Property Series A Preference Shares financing. As a result, the Group reported
        three segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Retail mainly consisted of online
        retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics included both internal and external
        logistics businesses. New Businesses mainly included JD Property, Jingxi, overseas businesses and
        technology initiatives.

        The Group consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022 and reported the results of Dada as a new
        standalone segment. The Group also consolidated China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd. (“CNLP”)
        through JD Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results of CNLP in the New Businesses
        segment. In addition, the Group has consolidated Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment
        Holding Company Limited (“Deppon Holdco”) except the Excluded Business as defined in Note 7 since
        July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon Holdco except the Excluded Business as defined in
        Note 7 in the JD Logistics segment. The Group now reports four segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics, Dada
        and New Businesses. JD Retail, including JD Health and JD Industrials, among other components, mainly
        engage in online retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics includes both
        internal and external logistics businesses. Dada is a local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China.
        New Businesses mainly include JD Property, Jingxi and overseas businesses.

        These changes align with the manner in which the Group’s CODM uses financial information to evaluate
        the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the segments. The prior periods’ segment
        operating results have been retrospectively recast to conform to current period presentation.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        303
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           oo. Statutory reserves
                 The Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland are required to
                 make appropriations to certain non-distributable reserve funds.

                 In accordance with the laws applicable to the Foreign Investment Enterprises established in the PRC, the
                 Group’s subsidiaries registered as wholly-owned foreign enterprise have to make appropriations from their
                 after-tax profits (as determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC (“PRC GAAP”))
                 to reserve funds including general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund and staff bonus and welfare
                 fund. The appropriation to the general reserve fund must be at least 10% of the after-tax profits calculated
                 in accordance with the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the general reserve fund has reached
                 50% of the registered capital of the company. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff
                 bonus and welfare fund are made at the respective company’s discretion.

                 In addition, in accordance with the PRC Company Laws, the consolidated VIEs, registered as Chinese
                 domestic companies, must make appropriations from their after-tax profits as determined under the
                 PRC GAAP to non-distributable reserve funds including statutory surplus fund and discretionary surplus
                 fund. The appropriation to the statutory surplus fund must be 10% of the after-tax profits as determined
                 under the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the statutory surplus fund has reached 50% of the
                 registered capital of the company. Appropriation to the discretionary surplus fund is made at the discretion
                 of the respective company.

                 The use of the general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund, statutory surplus fund and discretionary
                 surplus fund are restricted to the offsetting of losses or increasing of the registered capital of the
                 respective company. The staff bonus and welfare fund is a liability in nature and is restricted to fund
                 payments of special bonus to employees and for the collective welfare of employees. None of these
                 reserves are allowed to be transferred to the company in terms of cash dividends, loans or advances, nor
                 can they be distributed except under liquidation.

                 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, profit appropriation to statutory surplus
                 fund for the Group’s entities incorporated in the Chinese mainland was approximately RMB53 million,
                 RMB1,887 million and RMB2,636 million, respectively. No appropriation to other reserve funds was made
                 for any of the periods presented.




304   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    pp. Recent accounting pronouncements
        Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
        In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, which amends ASC 805 to “require acquiring entities
        to apply Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
        combination.” Under current GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes such items at fair value on the
        acquisition date. According to the FASB, this update is intended “to improve the accounting for acquired
        revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in practice and
        inconsistency related to the following: a. Recognition of an acquired contract liability; b. Payment terms
        and their effect on subsequent revenue recognized by the acquirer.” For public business entities, the
        amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including
        interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively to
        business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. The Group adopted this
        update beginning January 1, 2023 and the impact was not material to the consolidated financial statements.

        In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, which (1) clarifies the guidance in ASC 820 on the fair value
        measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual sale restriction and (2) requires specific
        disclosures related to such an equity security. ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a “contractual sale restriction
        prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the equity
        security” and is not included in the equity security’s unit of account. Accordingly, an entity should not
        consider the contractual sale restriction when measuring the equity security’s fair value (i.e., the entity
        should not apply a discount related to the contractual sale restriction, as stated in ASC 820-10-35-36B
        as amended by the ASU). In addition, the ASU prohibits an entity from recognizing a contractual sale
        restriction as a separate unit of account. For public business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal
        years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption
        permitted. The Group early adopted this update beginning January 1, 2023 and the impact was not material
        to the consolidated financial statements.

        In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04 to enhance transparency about an entity’s use of
        supplier finance programs. ASU 2022-04 requires the buyer in a supplier finance program to disclose
        qualitative and quantitative information about the program, and at a minimum, the following at least annually:
        (1) the key terms of the program, including payment terms and assets pledged as security or other forms of
        guarantees; (2) the amount of obligations outstanding at the end of the reporting period that the buyer has
        confirmed as valid; a description of where those obligations are presented in the balance sheet; rollforward
        information for the annual period showing the amount at the beginning of the period , the amount added
        during the period, the amount settled during the period, and the amount outstanding at the end of the
        period. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim
        periods within those fiscal years, except for the amendment on rollforward information, which is effective
        for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. The Group adopted this
        update beginning January 1, 2023 and the required information was disclosed in Note 15.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        305
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           pp. Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
                 Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
                 On November 27, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07. The amendments improve reportable segment
                 disclosure requirements. Main provisions include: (1) significant segment expenses - public entities are
                 required to disclose significant segment expenses by reportable segment if they are regularly provided
                 to the CODM and included in each reported measure of segment profit or loss; (2) other segment
                 items — public entities are required to disclose other segment items by reportable segment. Such a
                 disclosure would constitute the difference between reported segment revenues less the significant
                 segment expenses (disclosed) less reported segment profit or loss; (3) multiple measures of a segment’s
                 profit or loss — public entities may disclose more than one measure of segment profit or loss used by the
                 CODM, provided that at least one of the reported measures includes the segment profit or loss measure
                 that is most consistent with GAAP measurement principles; (4) CODM-related disclosures — disclosure of
                 the CODM’s title and position is required on an annual basis, as well as an explanation of how the CODM
                 uses the reported measure(s) and other disclosures. (5) entities with a single reportable segment — public
                 entities must apply all of the ASU’s disclosure requirements, as well as all existing segment disclosure
                 and reconciliation requirements in ASC 280; (6) recasting of prior-period segment information to conform
                 to current-period segment information - recasting is required if segment information regularly provided
                 to the CODM is changed in a manner that causes the identification of significant segment expenses to
                 change. The amendments in ASU 2023-07 are effective for all public entities for fiscal years beginning
                 after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. A public entity should apply the amendments in
                 this update retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Group is currently
                 evaluating the impact of the amendments on its consolidated financial statements.

                 On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which establishes new income tax disclosure
                 requirements in addition to modifying and eliminating certain existing requirements. The ASU amends
                 ASC 740-10-50-12 to require public business entities (“PBEs”) to disclose a reconciliation between the
                 amount of reported income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations and the amount computed
                 by multiplying the income (or loss) from continuing operations before income taxes by the applicable
                 statutory federal (national) income tax rate of the jurisdiction (country) of domicile. If PBE is not domiciled
                 in the United States, the federal (national) income tax rate in such entity’s jurisdiction (country) of domicile
                 shall normally be used in the rate reconciliation. The amendments prohibit the use of different income tax
                 rates for subsidiaries or segments. Further, PBEs that use an income tax rate in the rate reconciliation that
                 is other than the U.S. income tax rate must disclose the rate used and the basis for using it. The ASU also
                 adds ASC 740-10-50-12A, which requires entities to annually disaggregate the income tax rate reconciliation
                 between the following eight categories by both percentages and reporting currency amounts: (1) State and
                 local income tax, net of federal (national) income tax effect; (2) Foreign tax effects; (3) Effect of changes
                 in tax laws or rates enacted in the current period; (4) Effect of cross-border tax laws; (5) Tax credits;
                 (6) Changes in valuation allowances; (7) Nontaxable or nondeductible items; (8) Changes in unrecognized tax
                 benefits. PBEs must apply the ASU’s guidance to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 (2025
                 for calendar-year-end PBEs). Early adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments prospectively
                 or may elect retrospective application. The Group is currently evaluating the impact of the amendments on
                 its consolidated financial statements.




306   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Concentration and Risks
    Concentration of customers and suppliers
    There are no customers nor suppliers from whom revenues or purchases individually represent greater than 10%
    of the total revenues or the total purchases of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.


    Concentration of credit risk
    Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash and
    cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, short-term investments and certain wealth management
    products and time deposits with maturities more than one year recorded in marketable securities and other
    investments. The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk is their carrying amounts as of the balance
    sheet dates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, majority of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted
    cash, short-term investments and certain wealth management products and time deposits with maturities more
    than one year recorded in marketable securities and other investments were held at major financial institutions
    located in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong which the management believes are of high credit quality.
    Bank failure is uncommon in China and the Group believes that those Chinese banks that hold the Group’s cash
    and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and certain wealth management products and
    time deposits with maturities more than one year recorded in marketable securities and other investments are
    financially sound based on publicly available information. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are
    mainly derived from revenues earned from customers in the PRC. The risk with respect to accounts receivable
    is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on its customers and its ongoing monitoring processes
    of outstanding balances. Besides, JD Technology performs the related credit assessment of the consumer
    financing receivables recorded in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. JD Technology purchases the
    consumer financing receivables past due over certain agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values
    without recourse and also agrees to bear other cost directly related to the consumer financing business to
    absorb the risks.

    Currency convertibility risk
    The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government policies and to international economic and
    political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market. In
    the PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial
    institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). Remittances in currencies other
    than RMB by the Group in the Chinese mainland must be processed through the PBOC or other Chinese foreign
    exchange regulatory bodies which require certain supporting documentation in order to process the remittance.
    The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and time deposits with maturities
    more than one year recorded in marketable securities and other investments denominated in RMB that are
    subject to such government policies amounted to RMB146,152 million and RMB172,383 million as of December
    31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


    Foreign currency exchange rate risk
    The RMB has fluctuated against the US$, at times significantly and unpredictably during the reporting periods.
    The depreciation of the RMB against the US$ was approximately 8% and 2% for the years ended December 31,
    2022 and 2023, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or the PRC or U.S. government policy may
    impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the US$ in the future.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        307
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      4    Restricted Cash
           To meet the requirements of specific business operations, the Group held restricted cash primarily including
           secured deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance and letter of guarantee.


      5    Fair Value Measurement
           As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, information about inputs into the fair value measurement of the Group’s
           assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial
           recognition is as follows:

                                                                       Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                  Quoted Prices             Significant
                                                      Fair Value       in Active                 Other        Significant
                                                            as of   Markets for             Observable      Unobservable
                                                   December 31, Identical Assets                Inputs            Inputs
             Description                                    2022        (Level 1)             (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                                            (RMB in millions)

             Assets:
             Restricted cash                                6,254                  —              6,254                  —
             Short-term investments
               Wealth management products                  71,496                  —             71,496                  —
             Marketable securities and other
              investments
                Listed equity securities                   11,611             11,611                  —                  —
                Wealth management products                  2,649                  —              2,649                  —

             Total assets                                  92,010             11,611             80,399                  —




308   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)

                                                                Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                           Quoted Prices             Significant
                                               Fair Value       in Active                 Other        Significant
                                                     as of   Markets for             Observable      Unobservable
                                            December 31, Identical Assets                Inputs            Inputs
      Description                                    2023        (Level 1)             (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                                     (RMB in millions)

      Assets:
      Restricted cash                                7,506                  —              7,506                  —
      Short-term investments
        Wealth management products                  56,847                  —             56,847                  —
      Marketable securities and other
       investments
        Listed equity securities                     2,765              2,765                  —                  —
        Wealth management products                   2,808                  —              2,808                  —

      Total assets                                  69,926              2,765             67,161                  —


    When available, the Group uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of an asset or liability. If
    quoted market prices are not available, the Group will measure fair value using valuation techniques that use,
    when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and
    currency rates. Following is a description of the valuation techniques that the Group uses to measure the fair
    value of assets that the Group reports in its consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a recurring basis.


    Short-term investments
    Wealth management products with maturities of within one year. The Group elected the fair value option to
    record wealth management products with variable interest rates and deposits indexed to foreign exchange
    with maturities less than one year and accounted them at fair value since 2021. The Group values its wealth
    management products using alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs, and
    accordingly the Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2. For the years ended
    December 31, 2022 and 2023, gain of RMB1,921 million and RMB2,092 million resulting from changes in
    fair value of the wealth management products under fair value option was recorded in “others, net” in the
    consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss), respectively.


    Marketable securities and other investments
    Listed equity securities. The Group values its listed equity securities using quoted prices for the underlying
    securities in active markets, and accordingly, the Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs
    as Level 1.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        309
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      5    Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
           Marketable securities and other investments (Continued)
           For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the unrealized losses of the listed equity securities
           were RMB9,344 million, RMB4,304 million and RMB379 million, respectively, which are recognized in “others,
           net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss).

           The material marketable securities are set out as below:

           Historically, the Group invested in China United Network Communications Limited (“China Unicom”) with a total
           consideration of RMB5,000 million. In 2022, the Group sold approximately 15.2% of its investments in China
           Unicom. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the unrealized gain/(loss) related to the investment
           in China Unicom was a loss of RMB388 million and a gain of RMB341 million, respectively. In 2023, the Group
           sold all its remaining investment in China Unicom. The realized loss over the entire period of holding this
           investment is RMB1,243 million.

           Historically, the Group invested in Vipshop Holdings Ltd. (“Vipshop”) with a total consideration of
           RMB3,917 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the unrealized loss related to the investment in
           Vipshop was RMB6,560 million. In 2022, the Group sold all its investment in Vipshop. The realized loss over the
           entire period of holding this investment is RMB839 million.

           Historically, the Group invested in ESR Cayman Limited (“ESR”) with a total consideration of RMB1,952 million
           and accounted for the investment in ESR at fair value upon its completion of initial public offering (“IPO”) on
           the HKEX. In 2022, the Group sold approximately 6.3% of its remaining investment in ESR. For the years ended
           December 31, 2021 and 2022, the unrealized loss related to the investment in ESR was RMB396 million and
           RMB1,722 million, respectively. In 2023, the Group sold all its remaining investment in ESR. The realized gain
           over the entire period of holding this investment is RMB715 million.

           Wealth management products with maturities of more than one year. The Group elected the fair value option
           to record wealth management products with variable interest rates with maturities more than one year and
           accounted them at fair value. The Group values its wealth management products using alternative pricing
           sources and models utilizing market observable inputs, and accordingly the Group classifies the valuation
           techniques that use these inputs as Level 2. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, losses of
           RMB137 and RMB25 million resulting from changes in fair value of the wealth management products under fair
           value option were recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
           income/(loss), respectively.




310   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
    Other financial instruments
    The followings are other material financial instruments not measured at fair value in the consolidated balance
    sheets, but for which the fair value is estimated for disclosure purposes.

    Time deposits. Time deposits with original maturities of three months or less, original maturities of longer than
    three months and maturities of less than one year, and maturities of longer than one year have been classified as
    cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities and other investments in the consolidated
    balance sheets, respectively. The fair value of the Group’s time deposits is determined based on the prevailing
    interest rates in the market, which have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December
    31, 2022 and 2023, the fair value of time deposits classified as cash equivalents and short-term investments
    amounted to RMB86,780 million and RMB59,452 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the
    fair value of time deposits classified as marketable securities and other investments amounted to RMB100 million
    and RMB67,426 million, respectively. The carrying value of time deposits approximates to fair value.

    Held-to-maturity debt securities. Wealth management products that the Group has positive intent and
    ability to hold to maturity are accounted for as held-to-maturity debt securities. The fair value of the Group’s
    held-to-maturity debt securities is determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the market, which have
    been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the fair value
    of held-to-maturity debt securities recorded in short-term investments amounted to RMB4,725 million and
    RMB4,476 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of held-to-maturity debt securities
    with maturities longer than one year recorded in “marketable securities and other investments” amounted to
    RMB7,836 million. The carrying value of held-to-maturity debt securities approximates to fair value.

    Unsecured senior notes. The Group determines the fair value of its unsecured senior notes using quoted prices
    in less active markets, and accordingly the Group categorizes the unsecured senior notes as Level 2 in the fair
    value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the fair value of unsecured senior notes amounted to
    RMB9,045 million and RMB9,445 million, respectively.

    Short-term receivables and payables. Accounts receivable and prepayments and other current assets are
    financial assets with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term nature. Accounts
    payable, advance from customers (exclude contract liabilities) and accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
    are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term nature. The
    Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

    Short-term debts and long-term borrowings. Interest rates under the borrowing agreements with the lending
    parties were determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the market. The carrying value of short-term
    debts and long-term borrowings approximates to fair value. The Group classifies the valuation techniques that
    use these inputs as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        311
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      5    Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
           Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
           Long-lived assets. When impairment indicators are identified, the Group evaluates the impairment by comparing
           the carrying value of the asset or the asset group with its fair value. The fair value of the asset or asset
           group is determined using income approach, market approach or term & reversion method with unobservable
           inputs (Level 3), depending on the underlying nature of the asset or the asset group. The impairment losses
           of RMB2,025 million were recorded in “impairment of long-lived assets” in the consolidated statements of
           operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023. The major impairment of
           long-loved assets were disclosed in Note 11, Note 12 and Note 13.

           Goodwill. The Group tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31, and in between annual tests
           when the impairment indicators occur. The quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair
           value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The impairment loss was recorded in
           “impairment of goodwill” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) and
           disclosed in Note 14.

           Investment in equity investees. Investments in privately held companies and publicly traded companies included
           in investment in equity investees in the consolidated balance sheets are reviewed periodically for impairment
           using fair value measurement. The primary factors that the Group considers include the duration and severity
           that the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value; post-balance sheet date fair value of the
           investment; the financial condition, operating performance, strategic collaboration with and the prospects of
           the investee; the economic or technological environment in which the investee operates; and other entity
           specific information such as recent financing rounds completed by the investee companies. In determining the
           investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair value over which the Group identified
           impairment indicators, income approach or market approach was used, if applicable, which requires management
           to use unobservable inputs (Level 3), mainly including the estimates of future cash flows, discount rate, terminal
           growth rate, selection of comparable companies and multiples and estimated discount for lack of marketability.
           The impairment loss of RMB119 million, RMB504 million and RMB2,856 million were recorded in others, net in
           the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years ended December 31,
           2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the accumulated impairment of the
           Group’s investments in privately held companies under the Measurement Alternative was RMB2,610 million and
           RMB5,132 million, respectively. The valuation methodology used to estimate the fair value of investments in
           publicly traded companies (Level 1) and privately held companies accounted for under the equity method (Level
           3) and associated impairment charges are discussed in Note 8.




312   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6   JD Technology Reorganization
    In the first half of 2017, the Group entered into a series of definitive agreements relating to the reorganization
    of JD Technology. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, the Group disposed all its equity stake of 68.6%
    in JD Technology so that it held neither legal ownership nor effective control of JD Technology, received
    RMB14.3 billion in cash and is entitled to a royalty and software technical services fee of 40% of the future
    pre-tax profit of JD Technology when JD Technology has a positive pre-tax income on a cumulative basis. In
    addition, the Group would be able to convert its profit sharing right with respect to JD Technology into 40%
    of JD Technology’s equity interest, subject to applicable regulatory approvals. Upon the completion of the
    reorganization on June 30, 2017, JD Technology was deconsolidated from the Group. After JD Technology’s
    additional round of financing in 2018, the Group’s percentage of JD Technology’s pre-tax profit sharing has
    been diluted to approximately 36%, and if permitted by the regulation, the Group is entitled to convert its
    profit-sharing right into approximately 36% of JD Technology’s equity interest.

    In June 2020, the Group entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which the Group has, through
    a consolidated PRC domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by
    converting the profit sharing right and investing additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. In addition,
    in June 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution to restructure JD Technology
    as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. As a result of this dual class voting
    shareholding structure, the Group held approximately 18.7% voting power of JD Technology. The transaction
    has been completed in June 2020. Accordingly, subsequent to the completion of the transaction, investment
    in JD Technology has been accounted for using equity method, as the Group has significant influence but does
    not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control. The Group and JD Technology are both controlled by
    Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the transaction, so the acquisition of JD Technology’s equity interest
    was achieved through an under the common control transaction.

    Pursuant to the supplemental agreement entered between JD Technology and its shareholders in June
    2020, upon certain redemption events of JD Technology, the Group and Suqian Dongtai Jinrong Investment
    Management Center, Suqian Mingjin Chuangyuan Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership, Mr. Richard
    Qiangdong Liu have the obligation to make up the shortfall (if any) of the redemption price to the other
    shareholders of JD Technology when all other means are exhausted, and the shortfall is capped by the proceeds
    from the sales of the guarantor’s shares of JD Technology. As the Group and JD Technology both are entities
    under common control of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the Group is therefore exempted from recording a
    guarantee liability in its consolidated financial statements. Based on the Group’s assessment, the chance to
    settle the guarantee obligation by the Group is not probable as of December 31, 2023.

    On March 31, 2021, the Group entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the
    reorganization of the Group’s cloud computing and artificial intelligence business (“JD Cloud & AI”). Pursuant
    to the definitive agreements, the Group transferred JD Cloud & AI and additional RMB4 billion in cash, as
    consideration in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business
    transition of JD Cloud & AI, the Group also transferred some equipment and reserved some restricted share
    units of the Group for the employees of JD Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology paid cash consideration.
    Upon completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from the Group’s
    consolidated financial statements, and the Group’s equity interest in JD Technology increased from 36.8% to
    41.7%. The Group and JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the
    transaction, so the acquisition of JD Technology’s equity interest was achieved through an under the common
    control transaction.

                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        313
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition
           Acquisition of Dada
           In February 2022, the Group acquired additional number of ordinary shares of Dada, China’s leading local
           on-demand delivery and retail platform, for a total consideration of US$800 million with a combination of
           cash and certain strategic resources to Dada. The Group held, taking into account its existing shareholding,
           approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and consolidated the financial results of Dada into
           the Group’s consolidated financial statements since February 28, 2022.

           The Group recognized a remeasurement gain of RMB72 million associated with the previously held equity
           interests of Dada in “Share of results of equity investees”. The fair value of the previously held equity interests
           was determined by the market price of shares of Dada at the acquisition date.

           The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Cash                                                                                                     3,452
             Business cooperation agreement as consideration of the acquisition                                       1,606
             Fair value of previously held equity interests                                                           5,702

             Total                                                                                                   10,760


           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      7,549
             Newly identified and appreciation of intangible assets
                — Trademarks and domain names                                                                           805
                — Technology                                                                                            525
                — Relationship with riders                                                                              640
                — Consumer base                                                                                         120
             Premium not reflected in goodwill                                                                        3,623
             Goodwill                                                                                                 4,542
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (522)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                                (6,522)

             Total                                                                                                   10,760


314   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   Business Acquisition (Continued)
    Acquisition of Dada (Continued)
    The premium not reflected in goodwill was recognized as a loss of RMB3,623 million in “others, net” resulting
    from the change of Dada’s share price prior to the closing of the acquisition.

    Net assets acquired primarily consisted of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of RMB4,623 million as
    of the date of acquisition. Acquired amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average amortization period of
    7.0 years. Fair value of the non-controlling interests was determined by the market price of shares of Dada as of
    the date of acquisition.

    Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Dada was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
    assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and assigned
    to Dada reporting unit of RMB3,143 million and JD Retail reporting unit of RMB1,399 million on the basis of the
    expected synergies from the acquisition of Dada. Goodwill arising from the acquisition is not expected to be
    deductible for tax purposes.

    Had the acquisition date of Dada been January 1, 2021, the revenues and net loss of the Group would have
    been RMB956.8 billion and RMB6.3 billion in 2021, respectively, and the revenues and net income of the Group
    would have been RMB1,047.2 billion and RMB9.5 billion in 2022, respectively. The pro-forma information is
    for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenues and results of operations of the
    Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, nor is
    it intended to be a projection of future results. The pro-forma amounts have been calculated after adjusting
    the results of Dada to reflect the additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value
    adjustments to intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2021.


    Acquisition of CNLP
    In September 2021, the Group, through JD Property, entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire
    additional shares of CNLP, which is principally engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related
    management services and was listed on the Main Board of the HKEX, representing approximately 26.38% of
    the issued share capital of CNLP. In accordance with relevant listing rules, JD Property was required to make
    an offer for all the issued shares of CNLP and an offer for all the outstanding convertible bonds of CNLP. As of
    March 1, 2022, JD Property obtained all the outstanding convertible bonds and certain number of CNLP’s issued
    and outstanding shares with a cash consideration of HK$13,066 million. The Group obtained control of CNLP
    since it assigned all the board members of CNLP on March 1, 2022 and held approximately 80% of shareholding
    interests. Prior to the acquisition, the Group held 10.6% of the issued share capital of CNLP and measured its
    investment in CNLP at fair value. The fair value of the previously held equity interests was determined by the
    market price of shares of CNLP as of the date of acquisition.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        315
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
           Acquisition of CNLP (Continued)
           The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Cash                                                                                                    10,538
             Fair value of previously held equity interests                                                           1,293

             Total                                                                                                   11,831


           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      4,309
             Appreciation of property, equipment and software, construction in
               progress and land use rights                                                                          10,908
             Goodwill                                                                                                 1,586
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                (2,679)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                               (2,293)

             Total                                                                                                   11,831


           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of property, equipment and software, construction in progress and land
           use rights of RMB12,026 million and borrowings of RMB8,886 million as of the date of acquisition. Fair value
           of the non-controlling interests was determined based on the market price of shares of CNLP as of the date of
           acquisition.

           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of CNLP was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
           assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and
           recorded in New Businesses segment. Goodwill arising on the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for
           tax purposes.

           From March to July 2022, the Group acquired the remaining equity interest in CNLP with a total consideration of
           HK$3,072 million (RMB2,637 million), which is treated as an equity transaction. CNLP was privatized on July 15,
           2022. Upon completion of the transaction, CNLP became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.




316   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   Business Acquisition (Continued)
    Acquisition of CNLP (Continued)
    Results of operations attributable to the acquisition of CNLP and pro forma results of operations for the
    acquisition of CNLP have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of
    operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.


    Acquisition of Deppon Holdco
    On March 11, 2022, the Group, through a subsidiary of JD Logistics, entered into a series of agreements with
    the shareholders of Deppon Holdco, in relation to the acquisition of approximately 99.99% equity interest of
    Deppon Holdco, which in turn holds approximately 66.5% of the issued share capital of Deppon Logistics
    Co., Ltd (“Deppon”), for a total consideration of approximately RMB8,976 million. Deppon is a company
    established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
    (stock code: 603056). Deppon is an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range
    of solutions including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery
    services, and warehousing management. The acquisition was completed on July 26, 2022. Upon completion of
    the transaction, Deppon Holdco became a consolidated subsidiary of the Group.

    Deppon Holdco owns certain entities, assets and liabilities that the Group and the founding vendors have agreed
    to exclude from the consolidated financial statements of Deppon Holdco (the “Excluded Business”), which
    the founding vendors shall be solely responsible for the costs, expenses and liabilities relating to the Excluded
    Business and its subsequent disposal. Accordingly, for those subsidiaries under the Excluded Business, the
    Group considers that it has no power, no exposures, nor rights to variable returns from involvement of their
    business operations. Further, the Group also does not have any ability to affect the amount of the Group’s
    returns from the aforesaid subsidiaries. Therefore, the Group considers that the control of these subsidiaries will
    not be obtained through the acquisition, thus the financial information of these subsidiaries under the Excluded
    Business will not be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group after the acquisition.

    The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

      Cash                                                                                                     8,976




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        317
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
           Acquisition of Deppon Holdco (Continued)
           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      6,570
             Newly identified and appreciation of intangible assets
                — Trademarks and domain names                                                                         1,661
                — Technology                                                                                            676
                — Customer relationships                                                                                  8
             Appreciation of construction in progress and land use rights                                                15
             Goodwill                                                                                                 5,350
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  (590)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                               (4,714)

             Total                                                                                                    8,976


           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of property, equipment and software, construction in progress
           and land use rights of RMB5,306 million, short-term investments of RMB1,270 million and borrowings of
           RMB3,776 million as of the date of acquisition. Acquired amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average
           amortization period of 15.3 years. Fair value of the non-controlling interests was determined based on the
           market price of shares of Deppon as of the date of acquisition.

           The fair value of the trade receivables acquired was RMB2,101 million as of the date of acquisition. The best
           estimate as of the date of acquisition of the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected was not
           material.

           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Deppon Holdco was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
           assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and recorded
           in JD Logistics segment. Goodwill arising on the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

           In March 2022, the Group and Mr. Weixing Cui, one of the founding vendors of Deppon, entered into an
           option agreement in relation to the 43,009,184 shares of Deppon (the “Option Shares”) pledged to the Group,
           whereas Mr. Weixing Cui shall have the right to cause the Group to purchase all (but not less than all) of the
           Option Shares at put option price. The exercise of the put option is subject to certain conditions as set out in
           the option agreement, which is not solely within the control of JD Logistics. The Option Shares were recorded
           as redeemable non-controlling interests under mezzanine equity in amount of RMB589 million as of the date of
           acquisition.



318   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   Business Acquisition (Continued)
    Acquisition of Deppon Holdco (Continued)
    Had the acquisition date of Deppon been January 1, 2021, the revenues and net loss of the Group would have
    been RMB982.8 billion and RMB4.5 billion in 2021, respectively, and the revenues and net income of the Group
    would have been RMB1,063.2 billion and RMB9.7 billion in 2022, respectively. The pro-forma information is
    for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenues and results of operations of the
    Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, nor is
    it intended to be a projection of future results. The pro-forma amounts have been calculated after adjusting the
    results of Deppon to reflect the additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value
    adjustments to intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2021.

    The consideration of the acquisition shall be settled in installments. As of December 31, 2023, deferred
    consideration payables of RMB445 million were recorded in “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities”.

    The related transaction costs of these business combinations are not material to the consolidated financial
    statements.


8   Investment in Equity Investees
    Measurement Alternative and NAV practical expedient
    The carrying amount of the Group’s equity investments measured at fair value using the Measurement
    Alternative was RMB20,707 million and RMB18,153 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively,
    and the carrying amount of the Group’s investments under NAV practical expedient was RMB7,982 million
    and RMB8,133 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. For the years ended December 31,
    2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group invested RMB4,787 million, RMB1,683 million and RMB346 million in multiple
    private companies and private equity funds accounted for under the Measurement Alternative and NAV practical
    expedient, respectively, which may have operational synergy with the Group’s core business. During the
    years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, fair value changes recognized for equity investments which
    were measured using the Measurement Alternative, excluding the gain from fair value change recognized on
    ATRenew Inc. (“ATRenew”, formerly known as AiHuiShou International Co., Ltd.) for the year ended December
    31, 2021, and NAV practical expedient were not significant, respectively.


    Equity method
    As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s investments accounted for under the equity method totaled
    RMB30,460 million (as of December 31, 2022: RMB28,952 million), which mainly included the investment in
    Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd, (“Yonghui”) amounting to RMB3,426 million and investment in JD Technology
    amounting to RMB13,423 million. The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account for its equity
    investments, in common stock or in-substance common stock, over which it has significant influence but does
    not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023        319
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      8    Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           Investment in Yonghui
           Yonghui is a leading hypermarket and supermarket operator in China and is listed on the Shanghai Stock
           Exchange. As of December 31, 2023, total consideration for the investment in Yonghui was RMB6,462 million
           in cash. The Group held approximately 13.4% of Yonghui’s issued and outstanding shares and accounted for
           the investment in Yonghui using the equity method as the Group obtained significant influence by the rights
           to nominate one board member out of nine. The Group received dividend of RMB25 million, RMB24 million
           from Yonghui for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which have been recorded as a
           reduction to the carrying amount of investment in Yonghui.

           Investment in Yonghui is accounted for using the equity method with the investment cost allocated as follows:

                                                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                                                                2022                  2023
                                                                                                                            (RMB in millions)

                 Carrying value of investment in Yonghui’s ordinary shares                                                     4,056                 3,426
                 Proportionate share of Yonghui’s net tangible and intangible assets                                           1,768                 1,477

                 Positive basis difference                                                                                     2,288                 1,949

                 Positive basis difference has been assigned to:
                   Goodwill(*)                                                                                                 1,111                    845
                   Amortizable intangible assets(**)                                                                           1,569                 1,472
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                     (392)                  (368)

                                                                                                                               2,288                 1,949


           (*)      In the third quarter of 2021 and fourth quarter of 2023, the Group conducted impairment assessments on its investment in Yonghui
                    considering the duration and severity of the decline of Yonghui’s stock price after the investment, and concluded the decline in fair value
                    of the investment was other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Group recorded impairment charges of RMB1,492 million and RMB266
                    million, respectively, to write down the carrying value of its investment in Yonghui to its fair value, based on quoted closing prices of
                    Yonghui as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2023.


           (**)     As of December 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining life of the amortizable intangible assets not included in Yonghui’s consolidated
                    financial statements was 12 years.


           As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the market value of the Group’s investment in Yonghui was
           RMB4,435 million and RMB3,426 million based on its quoted closing price, respectively.




320   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8   Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
    Equity method (Continued)
    Investment in JD Technology
    As disclosed in Note 6, investment in JD Technology has been accounted for using the equity method
    subsequent to June 2020.

    In June 2020, the Group entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which the Group has acquired
    an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by converting the profit sharing right and investing
    additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. Upon the completion of the acquisition of JD Technology’
    equity interests, the investment in JD Technology is accounted for using the equity method. In March 2021, the
    Group transferred JD Cloud & AI with investing additional RMB4 billion in cash in exchange of ordinary shares
    in JD Technology, and the Group’s equity interest in JD Technology increased to approximately 41.7%. As the
    Group and JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the acquisition of
    JD Technology’ equity interests, the acquisition is considered a transaction under common control. Pursuant to
    ASC 805-50-25-2, the Group recorded the investment in JD Technology amounting to RMB2.62 billion in 2021,
    based on its proportioned net assets of JD Technology. The difference between consideration transferred and
    the carrying amounts of the net assets received, which was a decrease of RMB901 million into additional paid-in
    capital was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021.


    Investment in ATRenew
    ATRenew is a leading technology-driven pre-owned consumer electronics transactions and services platform
    in China. Historically, the Company invested ATRenew’s preferred shares amounted to RMB4,270 million and
    accounted for the investment under the Measurement Alternative.

    On June 18, 2021, ATRenew completed its initial public offering on the Nasdaq Stock Market (“ATRenew
    IPO”), upon which the preferred shares investment in ATRenew were converted to ordinary shares in entirety.
    Pursuant to ASU 2020-01, the Group remeasured its previously held interest based on the observable price
    in orderly transactions and recorded a gain from fair value change of RMB2,305 million in others, net in the
    consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021.
    Concurrently, the Group subscribed additional 2,333,333 ordinary shares of ATRenew with cash consideration of
    RMB321 million. Upon the offering, the Group held approximately 34% of ATRenew’s issued and outstanding
    shares and had two out of seven board seats. Accordingly, investment in ATRenew’s ordinary shares was
    accounted for using the equity method as the Group obtained significant influence. In December 2021, the
    Group purchased additional ordinary shares of ATRenew with cash consideration of RMB41 million.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023       321
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      8    Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           Investment in ATRenew (Continued)
           The investment in ATRenew is accounted for using the equity method with the investment cost allocated as
           follows:

                                                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                                                             2022                  2023
                                                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                 Carrying value of investment in ATRenew’s ordinary shares                                                   1,449                   677
                 Proportionate share of ATRenew’s net tangible and intangible assets                                         2,080                 1,308

                 Negative basis difference                                                                                    (631)                 (631)

                 Negative basis difference has been assigned to:
                   Amortizable intangible assets(**)                                                                          (450)                 (450)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (181)                 (181)

                                                                                                                              (631)                 (631)


           (*)      In the fourth quarter of 2021 and the second quarter of 2022, the Group conducted impairment assessments on its investment in
                    ATRenew considering the duration and severity of the decline of ATRenew’s stock price after the investment, and concluded the decline
                    in fair value of the investment was other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Group recorded impairment charges of RMB3,909 million and
                    RMB1,191 million, respectively, to write down the carrying value of its investment in ATRenew to its fair value, based on quoted closing
                    prices of ATRenew as of December 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022, respectively.


           (**)     As of December 31, 2023, the negative basis difference between carrying value of investment in ATRenew and proportionate share of
                    ATRenew’s net tangible and intangible assets was RMB631 million. This difference would not be amortized.


           As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the market value of the Group’s investment in ATRenew was
           RMB1,505 million and RMB1,017 million based on its quoted closing price, respectively.

           The Group recorded its share of the profits and losses of Yonghui, JD Technology and ATRenew one quarter in
           arrears to enable the Group to provide its financial disclosure independent of the reporting schedule of these
           equity investees.




322   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8   Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
    Equity method (Continued)
    The Group summarizes the condensed financial information of the Group’s equity investments under equity
    method as a group below in accordance with Rule 4-08 of Regulation S-X:

                                                                           For the year ended December 31,
                                                                         2021              2022               2023
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

      Revenues                                                        145,582           160,554         149,237
      Gross profit                                                     39,736            47,369          48,134
      Income/(loss) from operations                                     1,877             (2,158)             (274)
      Net loss                                                           (250)            (1,583)            (1,733)
      Net income/(loss) attributable to investees’ ordinary
       shareholders                                                       675             (1,327)            (1,506)


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                           2022               2023
                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

      Current assets                                                                    149,946         155,283
      Non-current assets                                                                142,288         145,171
      Current liabilities                                                               116,158         118,886
      Non-current liabilities                                                            54,494          50,228
      Non-controlling interests                                                             623                359


    The Group performs impairment assessment of its investments under the Measurement Alternative and equity
    method whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment
    may not be fully recoverable. Impairment charges in connection with the equity method investments of
    RMB5,514 million, RMB1,316 million and RMB266 million were recorded in “share of results of equity
    investees” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years ended
    December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The valuation of impairment in privately held companies under
    the Measurement Alternative is discussed in Note 5.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023         323
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      9    Accounts Receivable, Net
           Accounts receivable, net consist of the following:


                                                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                                                           2022                  2023
                                                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

                 Logistics receivables                                                                                   11,063               12,305
                 Online retail and online marketplace receivables          (*)
                                                                                                                          9,982                 8,842
                 Advertising receivables and others                                                                       1,113                 1,043

                 Accounts receivable                                                                                     22,158               22,190
                 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                         (1,582)               (1,888)

                 Accounts receivable, net                                                                                20,576               20,302


           The movements in the allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows:

                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2021                  2022                  2023
                                                                                                              (RMB in millions)

                 Balance at beginning of the year                                                     (566)              (1,034)               (1,582)
                 Additions                                                                            (535)                 (615)                (542)
                 Write-off                                                                              67                    67                  236

                 Balance at end of the year                                                         (1,034)              (1,582)               (1,888)


           (*)      The accounts receivable in relation to consumer financing business is included in online retail and online marketplace receivables.
                    As JD Technology performs credit risk assessment services for the individuals and purchases the past-due receivables from the Group
                    at carrying values to absorb the risks and obtain the returns from such financing arrangements, no allowance for doubtful accounts in
                    relation to consumer financing receivables was provided.




324   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




10 Inventories, Net
   Inventories, net consist of the following:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2023
                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

     Products                                                                      80,966          71,297
     Packing materials and others                                                   1,098             1,131

     Inventories                                                                   82,064          72,428
     Inventory valuation allowance                                                 (4,115)            (4,370)

     Inventories, net                                                              77,949          68,058


11 Property, Equipment and Software, Net
   Property, equipment and software, net consist of the following:

                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2023
                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

     Electronic equipment                                                           2,663             2,644
     Land, building and building improvement                                       40,642          56,445
     Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                                14,097          16,653
     Vehicles                                                                       5,743             7,268
     Leasehold improvement                                                          4,550             5,117
     Office equipment                                                                 640               696
     Software                                                                       1,033             1,049

     Total                                                                         69,368          89,872
     Less: accumulated depreciation and impairment                                (14,288)        (19,837)

     Net book value                                                                55,080          70,035


   Depreciation expenses were RMB5,000 million, RMB5,295 million and RMB6,088 million for the years ended
   December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. No material impairment loss was recorded for the years
   ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recorded
   impairment loss of RMB819 million.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        325
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      12 Land Use Rights, Net
           Land use rights, net consist of the following:

                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2022               2023
                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

             Land use rights                                                                   35,481           42,219
             Less: accumulated amortization and impairment                                      (1,633)            (2,656)

             Net book value                                                                    33,848           39,563


           Amortization expenses for land use rights were RMB276 million, RMB693 million and RMB900 million for the
           years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. No impairment loss was recorded for the years
           ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recorded
           impairment loss of RMB210 million.

           As of December 31, 2023, amortization expenses related to the land use rights for future periods are estimated
           to be as follows:

                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2029 and
                                                2024         2025        2026          2027          2028    thereafter
                                                                       (RMB in millions)

             Amortization expenses               944          944          944          943           943       34,845




326   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




13 Intangible Assets, Net
   Intangible assets, net consist of the following:

                                                           As of December 31, 2022
                              Weighted-
                               Average                  Gross                                                Net
                            Amortization              Carrying   Accumulated       Impairment           Carrying
                                  Period              Amount     Amortization         Amount            Amount

                                      Year                            (RMB in millions)

     Non-compete                        8.0              2,467         (2,279)                —              188
     Domain names and
      trademarks                      17.8               6,756         (1,440)               (27)           5,289
     Customer
       relationship                     8.7              2,823           (765)               (60)           1,998
     Technology and
       others                           5.4              2,890         (1,141)               (85)           1,664

     Total                            12.1             14,936          (5,625)             (172)            9,139



                                                           As of December 31, 2023
                              Weighted-
                               Average                  Gross                                                Net
                            Amortization              Carrying   Accumulated       Impairment           Carrying
                                  Period              Amount     Amortization         Amount            Amount
                                      Year                            (RMB in millions)

     Non-compete                        8.0              2,467         (2,407)                —                60
     Domain names and
      trademarks                      17.8               6,756         (1,855)             (551)            4,350
     Customer
       relationship                     8.7              2,823         (1,087)               (60)           1,676
     Technology and
       others                           5.4              2,842         (1,546)             (447)             849

     Total                            12.1             14,888          (6,895)            (1,058)           6,935


   Amortization expenses for intangible assets were RMB956 million, RMB1,248 million and RMB1,304 million for
   the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. No impairment loss was recorded for the
   years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group
   recorded an impairment loss of RMB902 million for the intangible assets identified from the acquisition of Dada.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023       327
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      13 Intangible Assets, Net (Continued)
           As of December 31, 2023, amortization expenses related to the intangible assets for future periods are
           estimated to be as follows:

                                                                 For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                  2029 and
                                                2024          2025          2026          2027           2028    thereafter
                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Amortization expenses             1,173           897            738           699           568         2,860


      14 Goodwill
           The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:

                                                                              JD                   New
                                                         JD Retail      Logistics       Dada Businesses               Total
                                                                                (RMB in millions)

             Transaction in 2021
               Additions                                     1,529             —             —             —          1,529
             Balance as of December 31, 2021
               Goodwill                                     10,807          1,633            —          2,593        15,033
               Accumulated impairment loss                      (7)            —             —         (2,593)       (2,600)

                                                            10,800          1,633            —             —         12,433

             Transaction in 2022
               Additions                                     1,399          5,350         3,143         1,586        11,478
               Disposal of a subsidiary                       (788)            —             —             —           (788)
             Balance as of December 31, 2022
               Goodwill                                     11,418          6,983         3,143         4,179        25,723
               Accumulated impairment loss                      (7)            —             —         (2,593)       (2,600)

                                                            11,411          6,983         3,143         1,586        23,123

             Transaction in 2023
               Impairment                                        —             —         (3,143)           —         (3,143)
             Balance as of December 31, 2023
               Goodwill                                     11,418          6,983         3,143         4,179        25,723
               Accumulated impairment loss                      (7)            —         (3,143)       (2,593)       (5,743)

                                                            11,411          6,983            —          1,586        19,980

           No impairment loss of goodwill was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
           For the year ended December 31, 2023, considered duration and severity of the decline of Dada’s stock price,
           the Company assessed that it is more likely than not that the fair value of Dada reporting unit is less than its
           carrying amount and performed quantitative impairment test on Dada reporting unit. The fair value of Dada was
           determined based on the discounted cash flow analysis using the following significant assumptions (a) internal
           cash flows forecasts including expected revenue growth, operating margins and estimated capital needs, (b) an
           estimated terminal value using a long-term future growth rate; and (c) a discount rate. As a result, the fair value
           of Dada reporting unit was estimated to be below the carrying value and the Group recorded a RMB3,143 million
           goodwill impairment for the year ended December 31, 2023.

328   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15 Accounts Payable
   Accounts payable consist of the following:

                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                           2022             2023
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

     Vendor payable                                                                     126,821          131,421
     Shipping charges payable and others                                                 33,786           34,746

     Total                                                                              160,607          166,167


   JD Technology and other financial institutions (the “Institutions”) offer supply chain financing services to the
   Group’s suppliers. Suppliers can sell one or more of the Group’s payment obligations at their sole discretion
   to the Institutions to receive funds ahead of time to meet their cash flow needs. The Group’s rights and
   obligations are not impacted and the original payment terms, timing or amount, remain unchanged. The Group
   did not provide assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees under the supply chain financing
   arrangements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, RMB16,671 million and RMB21,316 million, respectively,
   of the outstanding payment obligations were elected by the suppliers and sold to the Institutions.


16 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                           2022             2023
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

     Deposits                                                                            18,211           19,577
     Salary and welfare                                                                  11,303           10,781
     Accrued administrative expenses                                                      1,917            2,263
     Professional fee                                                                     1,348            1,559
     Rental fee payable                                                                   1,361            1,330
     Liabilities for return allowances                                                      743              950
     Vehicle fee                                                                            520              726
     Deferred consideration payables                                                        575              445
     Internet data center fee                                                               409              366
     Payable related to employees’ exercise of share-based awards                         1,273              221
     Interest payable                                                                       167              134
     Others                                                                               4,743            5,181

     Total                                                                               42,570           43,533




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        329
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      17 Unsecured Senior Notes
           In April 2016, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
           amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
           and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
           on October 29, 2016. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB79 million. The
           debt issuance costs of RMB36 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
           unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets. The five-year unsecured senior notes due 2021 for
           the principle amount of US$500 million were mature on April 29, 2021, and the Company repaid the principle
           amount of US$500 million and the last semi-annual interests.


           In January 2020, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
           amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
           and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
           on July 14, 2020. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB37 million. The
           debt issuance costs of RMB45 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
           unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets.


           In 2020, the Group repurchased the Company’s unsecured senior notes from the open market with a total
           principal amounts of US$12 million (RMB78 million) at a reacquisition price of US$10 million (RMB72 million).
           In 2022, the Group further repurchased the unsecured senior notes from the open market with a total principal
           amounts of US$6 million (RMB42 million) at a reacquisition price of US$5 million (RMB35 million). The
           repurchased unsecured senior notes were derecognized from the Group’s consolidated balance sheets, and
           the relevant repurchase gains amounting to RMB11 million and RMB6 million were recognized in “interest
           expense” in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years
           ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, respectively.


           A summary of the Company’s unsecured senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is as follows:


                                                                             As of December 31,                Effective
                                                                                 2022             2023     interest rate
                                                                              (RMB in millions)

             US$500 million 3.875% notes due 2026                               3,453             3,520           4.15%
             US$700 million 3.375% notes due 2030                               4,812             4,898           3.47%
             US$300 million 4.125% notes due 2050                               1,959             1,993           4.25%

             Carrying value                                                    10,224           10,411
             Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs                          98                86

             Total principal amounts of unsecured senior notes                 10,322           10,497




330   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17 Unsecured Senior Notes (Continued)
   The effective interest rates for the unsecured senior notes include the interest charged on the notes as well as
   amortization of the debt discounts and debt issuance costs.


   The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation, merger
   and sale all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. The notes will rank senior in rights of payment to all of
   the Company’s existing and future obligations expressly subordinated in rights of payment to the notes and rank
   at least equal in rights of payment with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated
   obligations (subject to any priority rights pursuant to applicable law).


   As of December 31, 2023, the principal of the unsecured senior notes of RMB3,541 million, RMB4,922 million
   and RMB2,034 million will be due in 2026, 2030 and 2050, respectively. The principal of the unsecured senior
   notes will be due according to the following schedule:

                                                                                                           Principal
                                                                                                           amounts
                                                                                                            (RMB in
                                                                                                           millions)

     Within 1 year                                                                                                —
     Between 1 to 2 years                                                                                         —
     Between 2 to 3 years                                                                                      3,541
     Between 3 to 4 years                                                                                         —
     Between 4 to 5 years                                                                                         —
     Beyond 5 years                                                                                            6,956

     Total                                                                                                    10,497




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        331
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      18 Leases
           The Group has operating leases for warehouses, stores, office spaces, delivery centers and other corporate
           assets that the Group utilizes under lease arrangements.


           A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is as
           follows:


                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2022              2023
                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

             Operating lease ROU assets                                                          22,267          20,863

             Operating lease liabilities — current                                                7,688           7,755
             Operating lease liabilities — non-current                                           14,978          13,676

             Total operating lease liabilities                                                   22,666          21,431

             Weighted average remaining lease term                                             5.4 years       5.4 years
             Weighted average discount rate                                                        5.0%              4.7%


           A summary of lease cost recognized in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
           income/(loss) and supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases is as follows:


                                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2021             2022              2023
                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Operating lease cost                                                6,763             7,951             8,917
             Short-term lease cost                                               2,782             3,181             3,358

             Total                                                               9,545           11,132          12,275

             Cash paid for operating leases                                      6,715             7,915             9,086




332   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




18 Leases (Continued)
   A summary of maturity of operating lease liabilities under the Group’s non-cancelable operating leases as of
   December 31, 2023 is as follows:


                                                                                                             As of
                                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                         (RMB in
                                                                                                         millions)

     2024                                                                                                     8,111
     2025                                                                                                     5,029
     2026                                                                                                     3,039
     2027                                                                                                     1,943
     2028                                                                                                     1,515
     2029 and thereafter                                                                                      5,467

     Total lease payments                                                                                    25,104
     Less: interest                                                                                          (3,673)

     Present value of operating lease liabilities                                                            21,431


   As of December 31, 2023, the Group has no significant lease contract that has been entered into but not yet
   commenced.


19 Gain on Sale of Development Properties
   Gain on sale of development properties for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were
   RMB767 million, RMB1,379 million and RMB2,283 million, respectively, which were mainly derived from
   disposals of logistics facilities to REIT and several private funds, which can be mainly classified into core funds
   and development fund (collectively, “Property Funds”). The overview of the major funds are listed below.


   Core funds
   In 2018, the Group established JD Property to manage the expanding logistics facilities and other real estate
   properties. Over the course of the years, JD Property established several phases of core funds (the “Core
   Funds”) together with certain third-party investor(s). JD Property serves as the general partner and committed
   10%–20% of the total capital of each core fund as the limited partner, and the third-party investor(s) committed
   the remaining 80%–90%.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        333
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19 Gain on Sale of Development Properties (Continued)
           Core funds (Continued)
           Furthermore, the Group entered into definitive agreements with each of the Core Funds, pursuant to which the
           Group will dispose of certain modern logistics facilities to the Core Funds, and concurrently lease back these
           completed facilities for operational purposes with an initial lease term of 4 to 10 years. The annual rent for the
           completed facilities is set at fair market rent for the initial lease term and will be adjusted based on the growth
           rate of fair market rent at the beginning of each subsequent 5 years’ period. The Group may choose to renew
           the lease upon the expiry of the initial lease agreement if the adjusted rental rate is acceptable. The lease back
           transaction is accounted for under ASC 842 as operating lease, and the ROU assets and operating lease liabilities
           were recorded accordingly. The Core Funds used leverage to finance the purchase, and the closing of the
           purchase is subject to certain conditions, including the availability of debt financing.

           The investment committee of each of the Core Funds, which comprises the representatives from JD Property and
           the third-party investor(s), oversees the key operations of each fund, respectively. Given the control over the Core
           Funds is shared between JD Property and the third-party investor(s), JD Property does not consolidate the Core
           Funds and investments in the Core Funds are accounted for using the equity method as JD Property obtained
           significant influence by the rights to nominate no more than half of the members of each investment committee.

           The closing conditions for each asset group of completed logistics facilities were considered met when each of
           the Core Funds signed definitive facility agreements with bank consortium to finance the purchase, respectively.
           As of each respective year-end, all or certain of logistics facilities under asset groups related to different core
           funds have been completed and satisfied hand-over condition. Therefore, the Group recorded disposal gain
           related to the Core Funds of RMB637million, RMB1,289 million and RMB1,764 million for the years ended
           December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, which represent the excess of cash consideration of the net
           assets, including the consideration received and expected to receive, over the carrying value of the net assets
           disposed as of the disposal date.

           Development fund
           In 2020, JD Property entered into definitive agreements to establish another logistics investment fund, the
           Development Fund, together with certain third-party investors to replicate the successful experience of the
           Core Funds. The Development Fund planned to acquire some of JD Property’s uncompleted modern logistics
           facilities. JD Property serves as general partner and committed 40% of the total capital of the Development
           Fund as a limited partner, and the third-party investors committed the remaining 60%.

           The investment committee of Development Fund, which comprises the representatives from JD Property and the
           third-party investors, oversees the key operations of the fund. Given the control over the Development Fund is
           shared between JD Property and third-party investors, JD Property does not consolidate the Development Fund
           and investments in the Development Fund is accounted for using the equity method as JD Property obtained
           significant influence by the rights to nominate no more than half of the members of investment committee.

           In December 2020, the Group entered into definitive agreements with the Development Fund to sell certain
           of its uncompleted modern logistics facilities, and will concurrently lease back such facilities for operational
           purposes when completed. The Group had disposed all logistics facilities and recorded disposal gain of
           RMB112 million in 2021.


334   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19 Gain on Sale of Development Properties (Continued)
   REIT
   In December 2022, the Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) jointly established by the Company, JD Property
   and Harvest Fund Management Co., Ltd., became the first of its kind in the private sector in China that received
   formal approval from China’s Securities Regulatory Commission. On February 8, 2023, the REIT was listed on
   the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and raised proceeds for over RMB1.7 billion. The Company subscribed 34% of
   the units issued by the REIT amounted to RMB597 million and accounted for the investments in the REIT using
   the equity method as the Company obtained significant influence but no power to control the key activities
   determined in the general meeting of the REIT.


   In February 2023, the Company transferred certain logistics facilities to the REIT and recorded a disposal gain
   of RMB519 million, which represents the difference between cash consideration and the carrying value of the
   net assets for the asset groups disposed and concurrently leased back all these logistic facilities for operational
   purpose with an initial lease term of 5 to 6 years. Upon the disposal, the logistics facilities leased back from the
   REIT were accounted for under ASC 842 as operating lease, and the right-of-use assets and operating lease
   liabilities were recorded accordingly.


20 Others, Net
   Others, net consist of the following:


                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                2021            2022            2023
                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

     Losses from fair value change of long-term investments                    (7,252)         (4,096)          (855)
     Government financial incentives                                            2,482           2,773          2,557
     Interest income                                                            4,213           5,742          9,576
     Gains/(losses) from acquirements or disposals of businesses
       and investments                                                            140          (3,558)             89
     Impairment of investments                                                   (574)         (1,969)         (3,043)
     Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                          42             114             (28)
     Others                                                                       359            (561)           (800)

     Total                                                                       (590)         (1,555)         7,496



   Government financial incentives represent rewards provided by the relevant PRC municipal government
   authorities to the Group for business achievements made by the Group. Government financial incentives are
   recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss)
   when the government financial incentives are received and no further conditions need to be met, otherwise
   the received amounts are recorded as liabilities. The amounts of such government financial incentives are
   determined solely at the discretion of the relevant government authorities and there is no assurance that the
   Group will continue to receive these government financial incentives in the future.


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        335
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation
           a)    Value added tax (“VAT”)
                 The Group is subject to statutory VAT rate of 9% for revenues from sales of audio, video products and
                 books and statutory VAT rate of 13% for sales of other products in the Chinese mainland, started from
                 April 1, 2019. The Group is exempted from VAT for revenues from sales of books from January 1, 2014 to
                 December 31, 2027 in comply with relevant VAT regulations of the Chinese mainland.


                 The Group is subject to VAT at the rate of 6% or 9% for revenues from logistics services, and 6% for
                 revenues from online advertising and other services.


                 The Group is also subject to cultural undertaking development fees at the rate of 3% on revenues
                 from online advertising services in the Chinese mainland, which is exempted from January 1, 2020 to
                 December 31, 2021 and reduced by 50% from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024.

           b)    Income tax
                 Cayman Islands
                 Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in the
                 Cayman Islands are not subject to tax on income or capital gains. Additionally, the Cayman Islands does
                 not impose a withholding tax on payments of dividends to shareholders.


                 British Virgin Islands
                 Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, entities incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not
                 subject to tax on their income or capital gains.


                 Singapore
                 Under the current laws of Singapore, the Group’s subsidiaries in Singapore are subject to 17% income tax
                 rate on any taxable income accruing in or derived from Singapore, or received in Singapore from outside
                 Singapore for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


                 Hong Kong
                 The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate on its
                 taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million
                 of profits earned by its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate
                 (i.e., 8.25%) while the remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. The Group
                 performs analysis on the foreign-derived income, mainly including dividend and interest, earned by its
                 subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong, applies for an advance ruling with the Inland Revenue Department
                 of Hong Kong for the income meeting exemption conditions and pays tax for the income subject to Hong
                 Kong profits tax under Foreign Source Income Exemption (“FSIE”) regime.




336   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   b)   Income tax (Continued)
        Chinese mainland
        Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”), the standard enterprise income tax rate for
        domestic enterprises and foreign invested enterprises is 25%. Most of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries and
        consolidated VIEs are subject to the statutory income tax rate of 25%.


        The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain High and New Technologies Enterprises, or
        HNTEs, to enjoy a reduced 15% enterprise income tax rate subject to these HNTEs meeting certain
        qualification criteria. In addition, the relevant EIT laws and regulations also provide that entities recognized
        as Software Enterprises are able to enjoy a tax holiday consisting of a two-year-exemption commencing
        from their first profitable calendar year and a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate for the following three
        calendar years. Beijing Shangke has been qualified as HNTE and enjoys a preferential income tax rate of
        15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Beijing Wodong Tianjun has been entitled to an exemption from income
        tax for the first two years and 50% reduction for the next three years from its first profitable year as a
        “software enterprise”. It applied the privilege of “software enterprise” and enjoyed an exemption from
        income tax in 2020 and 2021, and a 50% reduction in 2022 and 2023.


        Certain enterprises will benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law if they are located in
        applicable PRC regions as specified in the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in Western Regions (initially
        effective through the end of 2010 and further extended to 2030), or the Western Regions Catalogue,
        subject to certain general restrictions described in the EIT Law and the related regulations. Chongqing
        Haijia and certain other entities of the Group are qualified as the enterprises within the Catalogue of
        Encouraged Industries in Western Regions and enjoyed 15% preferential income tax rate.


        According to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, enterprises engaging in research and
        development activities are entitled to claim 150% of their research and development expenses so incurred
        as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for that year (“Super Deduction”).
        The State Taxation Administration (“STA”) of the PRC announced in September 2018 that enterprises
        engaging in research and development activities would be entitled to claim 175% of their research and
        development expenses as Super Deduction from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020, which was
        subsequently announced in March 2021 to be further extended to December 31, 2023. In September
        2022, the STA of the PRC further announced that for the enterprises entitled to the current pre-tax
        deduction ratio of 175% for research and development expenses, such ratio is raised to 200% during the
        period from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. In March 2023, the STA of the PRC announced that
        200% of the actual amount can be deducted before tax from January 1, 2023.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         337
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           b)    Income tax (Continued)
                 Withholding tax on undistributed dividends
                 The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country or region but
                 whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for the PRC
                 tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its global income.
                 The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely define the location of the “de facto management body” as
                 “the place where the exercising, in substance, of the overall management and control of the production
                 and business operation, personnel, accounting, property, etc., of a non-PRC company is located.” Based
                 on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely that its
                 operations outside of the PRC should be considered as a resident enterprise for the PRC tax purposes.


                 The EIT Law also imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a Foreign
                 Investment Enterprise (“FIE”) to its immediate holding company outside of the Chinese mainland, if such
                 immediate holding company is considered as a non-resident enterprise without any establishment or place
                 within the Chinese mainland or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or
                 place of such immediate holding company within the Chinese mainland, unless such immediate holding
                 company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with the Chinese mainland that provides for a
                 different withholding arrangement. According to the arrangement between the Chinese mainland and
                 Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal
                 Evasion in August 2006, dividends paid by a FIE in the Chinese mainland to its immediate holding company
                 in Hong Kong will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of no more than 5% (if the FIE satisfies the criteria
                 for “beneficial owner” under Circular No. 9, which was issued by the STA in February 2018, and the
                 foreign investor owns directly at least 25% of the shares of the FIE).

                 Before 2022, the Company did not record any dividend withholding tax on the retained earnings of its FIEs
                 in the Chinese mainland, as the Company intended to reinvest all earnings in the Chinese mainland to
                 further expand its business in the Chinese mainland, and its FIEs did not intend to declare dividends on the
                 retained earnings to their immediate foreign holding companies.

                 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company accrued RMB367 million and
                 RMB2,421 million withholding tax expenses associated with its earnings expected to be distributed from
                 its FIEs in the Chinese mainland to countries or regions other than the Chinese mainland, respectively. As
                 of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company has accrued withholding tax liabilities associated with all
                 of its earnings expected to be distributed from its FIEs in the Chinese mainland to countries or regions
                 other than the Chinese mainland, except for unrecognized deferred tax liabilities of RMB4.3 billion and
                 RMB3.2 billion related to the remaining undistributed earnings that the Company still intends to indefinitely
                 reinvest in the Chinese mainland, respectively.




338   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   b)   Income tax (Continued)
        The components of income/(loss) before tax are as follows:

                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                                       2021              2022           2023
                                                                                (RMB in millions)

          Income/(loss) before tax
            Income from Chinese mainland operations                   14,518            16,800         33,130
            Loss from non-Chinese mainland operations                (17,098)           (2,933)        (1,480)

          Total income/(loss) before tax                              (2,580)           13,867         31,650

          Income tax benefits/(expenses) applicable to
            Chinese mainland operations
            Current income tax expenses                               (2,538)            (4,418)       (6,265)
            Deferred tax benefits                                        651                732           410

          Subtotal income tax expenses applicable to
            Chinese mainland operations                               (1,887)            (3,686)       (5,855)
          Income tax expenses applicable to
            non-Chinese mainland operations
            Current income tax expenses                                   —                (307)       (1,259)
            Deferred tax expenses                                         —                (183)       (1,279)

          Subtotal income tax expenses applicable to
            non-Chinese mainland operations                               —                (490)       (2,538)

          Total income tax expenses                                   (1,887)            (4,176)       (8,393)




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023    339
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           b)    Income tax (Continued)
                 Reconciliation of difference between the PRC statutory income tax rate and the Group’s effective income
                 tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is as follows:


                                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                2021             2022            2023

                     Statutory income tax rate                                  25.0%           25.0%           25.0%
                     Tax effect of preferential tax rates and tax holiday       86.0%         (19.3)%           (7.6)%
                     Tax effect of tax-exempt entities                       (143.7)%           12.1%             3.3%
                     Effect on tax rates in different tax jurisdiction          (2.3)%         (3.2)%           (0.9)%
                     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                    (13.8)%            4.0%             0.1%
                     Tax effect of non-taxable income                             1.4%         (0.4)%           (0.5)%
                     Tax effect of Super Deduction and others                  105.9%         (19.0)%           (9.6)%
                     Changes in valuation allowance                          (131.6)%           28.3%             9.1%
                     Effect on withholding income tax                             0.0%           2.6%             7.6%

                     Effective tax rates                                      (73.1)%          30.1%            26.5%


                 The following table sets forth the effect of tax holiday:


                                                                                For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2021           2022            2023

                     Tax holiday effect (RMB in millions)                        2,219          2,677            2,397
                     Effect of tax holiday on basic net income per
                       share (RMB)                                                0.71           0.86             0.76
                     Effect of tax holiday on diluted net income per
                       share (RMB)                                                0.71           0.84             0.76




340   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   c)   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2023
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

          Deferred tax assets
            — Net operating loss carry forwards and others                                 12,715            15,909
            — Deferred revenues                                                               472               464
            — Inventory valuation allowance                                                 1,029             1,092
            — Allowance for doubtful accounts                                               1,001             1,098
            — Unrealized fair value losses for certain investments                            595               238
          Less: valuation allowance                                                       (14,276)          (17,057)

          Net deferred tax assets                                                           1,536             1,744

          Deferred tax liabilities
            — Long-lived assets arisen from business combinations and
             asset acquisitions                                                             5,598             6,638
            — Withholding tax on undistributed earnings                                       183             1,779
            — Accelerated tax depreciation and others                                         730               850

          Total deferred tax liabilities                                                    6,511             9,267


        As of December 31, 2023, the accumulated net operating loss that can be carried forward to offset future
        taxable income, mainly includes: (i) RMB11,918 million of the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in
        Singapore and Hong Kong which can be carried forward indefinitely; and (ii) RMB34,586 million arose from
        the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland and Indonesia,
        which will expire during the period from 2024 to 2028 except for those arose from HNTEs, which will
        expire during the period from 2024 to 2033.

        A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when the Group determines that it is more
        likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized in the future. In making such determination,
        the Group evaluates a variety of factors including the Group’s entities’ operating history, accumulated
        deficit, existence of taxable temporary differences and reversal periods.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        341
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           c)    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
                 Valuation allowances provided on the deferred tax assets mainly related to the net operating loss carry
                 forwards, as the Group’s management does not believe that sufficient positive evidence exists to conclude
                 that the benefits of such deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. The amount of valuation
                 allowance offset in deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 was RMB14,276 million and
                 RMB17,057 million, respectively.

                 The movements of valuation allowance of deferred tax assets are as follows:


                                                                                 For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2021            2022          2023
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

                     Balance at beginning of the year                               4,289              7,670          14,276
                       Additions                                                    5,052              7,694           6,630
                       Reversals                                                   (1,671)            (1,088)         (3,849)

                     Balance at end of the year                                     7,670            14,276           17,057


      22 Financing for Major Subsidiaries
           JD Logistics
           In May 2021, JD Logistics completed its IPO and issued 700,534,900 ordinary shares, including the exercise of
           the over-allotment option, at HK$40.36 per share. The net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
           share issuance costs and offering expenses approximately amounted to RMB22.9 billion. Among the proceeds
           received, RMB6.1 billion was recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB16.8 billion was recorded as
           additional paid-in capital.

           On March 25, 2022, JD Logistics entered into a placing agreement to issue its ordinary shares to a group of
           third-party investors for net proceeds of approximately HK$3,102 million in a placement (the “JDL Placement”).
           Concurrently, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, had entered into a subscription agreement with
           JD Logistics to subscribe for ordinary shares of JD Logistics, at the same per share price for the JDL Placement,
           for net proceeds of approximately US$692 million in cash (the “JD Subscription”). Upon completion of the
           JDL Placement and the JD Subscription in 2022, the Company maintained its shareholding in JD Logistics at
           approximately 63.56%, and continued to consolidate JD Logistics’s financial results into its financial statements.
           The Company recorded the net proceeds of financing in non-controlling interests of RMB2,221 million and
           additional paid-in capital of RMB295 million.




342   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




22 Financing for Major Subsidiaries (Continued)
   JD Industrials
   In March 2023, JD Industrials entered into definitive agreements for non-redeemable series B preference share
   financing (“JD Industrials Series B Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party investors. The total amount
   of financing arising from JD Industrials Series B Preference Shares was approximately US$210 million. Among
   the proceeds received, RMB431 million was recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB1,031 million was
   recorded as additional paid-in capital.

   The Group determined that JD Industrials Series B Preference Shares should be classified as non-controlling
   interests upon its issuance since they were not redeemable by the holders.


   JD Property
   In March 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A preference
   share financing (“JD Property Series A Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party investors. The total
   amount of financing arising from JD Property Series A Preference Shares was US$703 million. Among the
   proceeds received, RMB3.1 billion was recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB1.3 billion was recorded
   as additional paid-in capital.

   In March and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for its non-redeemable series
   B preferred share financing (“JD Property Series B Preference Shares”) with investors led by Hillhouse
   Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount of
   financing raised was approximately US$803 million. Among the proceeds received, RMB3.9 billion was recorded
   as non-controlling interests and RMB1.4 billion was recorded as additional paid-in capital.

   The Group determined that JD Property Series A Preference Shares and JD Property Series B Preference Shares
   should be classified as non-controlling interests upon its issuance since they were not redeemable by the
   holders.


23 Ordinary Shares
   On May 10, 2019, the Company renewed the strategic cooperation agreement in March 2014 with Tencent
   Holdings Limited (“Tencent”), for a period of three years starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to
   provide traffic support, and the two parties also intend to continue to cooperate in a number of areas. As part
   of the total consideration, the Company agreed to issue to Huang River Investment Limited, a wholly owned
   subsidiary of Tencent, a certain number of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of
   approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the three-year
   period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares were issued in
   May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       343
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      23 Ordinary Shares (Continued)
           On June 29, 2022, the Company renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent, for a period of
           three years starting from May 27, 2022. As part of the total consideration, the Company agreed to issue to
           Tencent a certain number of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of up to US$220 million
           at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the three-year period, of which 2,164,236 and
           3,761,270 of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares had been issued in July 2022 and May 2023.


           In June 2020, the Company completed its global offering and the Company’s shares have been listed on the
           Main Board of the HKEX. Accordingly, the Company issued 152,912,100 Class A ordinary shares, including the
           exercise of the over-allotment option.


           The ordinary shares reserved for future exercise of the RSUs and share options were 90,955,190 and 71,791,880
           as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


      24 Dividends
           On May 4, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a special cash dividend of
           US$0.63 per ordinary share, or US$1.26 per ADS, to the holders of ordinary shares and ADSs, respectively, as of
           the close of business on May 20, 2022. Dividends are recognized when declared. The aggregate amount of the
           special dividend was approximately US$2 billion.


           On March 9, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of US$0.31
           per ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to the holders of ordinary shares and ADSs, respectively, as of the close
           of business on April 6, 2023. Dividends are recognized when declared. The aggregate amount of the dividend
           was approximately US$1 billion. The Company adopted an annual dividend policy, under which the Company
           may choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, starting from 2023, at an amount determined in
           relation to the Company’s financial performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors.


           No dividends had been paid or declared by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021.




344   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25 Share Repurchase Program
   In March 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program (“2020 share
   repurchase program”) under which the Company may repurchase up to US$2,000 million worth of its ADSs
   over the following 24 months. The share repurchases may be made in accordance with applicable laws and
   regulations through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or other legally permissible
   means as determined by the management. In December 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved
   modifications to 2020 share repurchase program, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization increased from
   US$2,000 million to US$3,000 million and was extended until March 17, 2024.


   Under the 2020 share repurchase program, for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased
   1,191,370 ADSs for US$44 million (RMB312 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of
   US$37.04 per ADS. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 10,214,827 ADSs
   for US$806 million (RMB5,246 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of US$78.92 per
   ADS. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 5,010,203 ADSs for US$286 million
   (RMB1,823 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of US$57.14 per ADS. For the year ended
   December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 11,339,490 ADSs for US$356 million (RMB2,497 million) on the
   open market, at a weighted average price of US$31.41 per ADS.


   The Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares under the cost method and includes such treasury
   stock as a component of the shareholders’ equity.


26 Other Comprehensive Income
   Changes in the composition of accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to the Company’s ordinary
   shareholders for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                  Translation adjustments and
                                                                                  hedge of net investments in
                                                                                 foreign operations, net of tax
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

     Balances as of December 31, 2020                                                                    (3,548)
     Other comprehensive loss                                                                            (2,542)

     Balances as of December 31, 2021                                                                    (6,090)
     Other comprehensive income                                                                          5,131

     Balances as of December 31, 2022                                                                     (959)
     Other comprehensive income                                                                          1,862

     Balances as of December 31, 2023                                                                      903


   The income tax effects related to the accumulated other comprehensive income were insignificant for all
   periods presented.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      345
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based Compensation
           For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses recognized
           were RMB9,134 million, RMB7,548 million and RMB4,804 million, respectively. The following table sets forth
           the allocation of share-based compensation expenses:

                                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2021              2022             2023
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)


             Cost of revenues                                                       102              143              133
             Fulfillment                                                            882              930              697
             Marketing                                                              586              631              426
             Research and development                                             1,781             1,557             859
             General and administrative                                           5,783             4,287           2,689


             Total                                                                9,134             7,548           4,804


           Share incentive plan
           The Company granted share-based awards to eligible employees and non-employees pursuant to a share
           incentive plan entitled “Share Incentive Plan”. On November 14, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the
           2023 Share Incentive Plan which will expire on December 20, 2033 as a renewal of the prior Share Incentive
           Plan adopted on November 13, 2014 and governs the terms of the awards.

           As of December 31, 2023, the Group had reserved 223,666,717 ordinary shares available to be granted as share-
           based awards under the Share Incentive Plan.

           (1)   Employee and non-employee awards
                 The RSUs and share options are mainly scheduled to be vested over four or six years. One-fourth or
                 one-sixth of the awards, depending on different vesting schedules of the plans, are usually vested upon
                 the end of the calendar year in which the awards were granted or the first anniversary dates of the grants,
                 and the remaining of the awards shall be vested on straight line basis at the end of the remaining calendar
                 or the anniversary years.




346   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
         Upon the reorganization of JD Technology, the employees’ status of JD Technology changed from the
         employees of the Company’s subsidiary to non-employees of the Company. Subsequent to June 2020,
         the employees’ status of JD Technology changed from non-employees of the Company to employees of
         the Company’s equity method investee. Share-based awards granted by the Company to employees of
         JD Technology and share-based awards granted by JD Technology to employees of the Company were
         insignificant for all periods presented.


         RSUs
         Service-based RSUs
         A summary of activities of the service-based RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
         2023 is presented as follows:

                                                                                                Weighted-
                                                                           Number of       Average Grant-
                                                                              RSUs         Date Fair Value
                                                                                                     US$

           Unvested as of December 31, 2020                               108,269,242               19.62

           Granted                                                         30,069,498               39.93
           Vested                                                          (23,834,466)             18.89
           Forfeited or cancelled                                          (19,395,408)             21.30

           Unvested as of December 31, 2021                                95,108,866               25.89

           Granted                                                         13,951,100               29.81
           Vested                                                          (23,123,292)             23.04
           Forfeited or cancelled                                          (14,295,620)             25.94

           Unvested as of December 31, 2022                                71,641,054               27.56

           Granted                                                         16,682,380               18.24
           Vested                                                         (19,416,652)              24.83
           Forfeited or cancelled                                         (14,918,722)              28.48

           Unvested as of December 31, 2023                                53,988,060               25.40




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   347
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
                 RSUs (Continued)
                 Service-based RSUs (Continued)
                 As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, 5,526,834 and 2,838,656 outstanding service-based RSUs were held
                 by non-employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively, mainly including
                 employees of JD Technology.


                 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses
                 recognized by the Group for the service-based RSUs granted were RMB4,129 million, RMB3,877 million and
                 RMB1,840 million, respectively.


                 As of December 31, 2023, there were RMB3,765 million of unrecognized share-based compensation
                 expenses related to the service-based RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized
                 over a weighted-average period of 3.3 years. The total fair value of service-based RSUs vested was
                 RMB6,359 million, RMB4,590 million and RMB2,930 million during the years ended December 31, 2021,
                 2022 and 2023, respectively.




348   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
         Share options
         A summary of activities of the service-based share options for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022
         and 2023 is presented as follows:


                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                    Average
                                                                    Weighted      Remaining
                                                Number of            Average     Contractual     Aggregate
                                             Share Options      Exercise Price         Term Intrinsic Value
                                                                                                          US$
                                                                         US$            Year       in millions

           Outstanding as of
            December 31, 2020                     4,907,060              6.38             3.0             184

           Exercised                             (1,962,856)             5.49
           Forfeited or cancelled                     (7,092)           13.42

           Outstanding as of
            December 31, 2021                     2,937,112              6.95             2.9              82

           Exercised                               (620,476)             5.70
           Forfeited or cancelled                     (2,500)            3.96

           Outstanding as of
            December 31, 2022                     2,314,136              7.29             2.2              48

           Exercised                             (1,485,726)             4.44
           Forfeited or cancelled                   (24,590)            11.65

           Outstanding as of
            December 31, 2023                       803,820             12.43             3.7               2

           Vested and expected to vest
             as of December 31, 2023                799,483             12.43             3.7               2
           Exercisable as of
             December 31, 2023                      787,140             12.42             3.6               2




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       349
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
                 Share options (Continued)
                 As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, 78,706 and 57,206 outstanding share options were held by
                 non-employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively, mainly including
                 employees of JD Technology.


                 There was no option granted during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.


                 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
                 2023 was RMB453 million, RMB98 million and RMB98 million, respectively. The intrinsic value is
                 calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the exercise price of
                 the share options.


                 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses
                 recognized by the Group for the share options granted were insignificant. As of December 31, 2023,
                 the unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted were
                 insignificant. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.8 year.


           (2)   Founder awards
                 In May 2015, with approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (Mr. Liu),
                 the Founder, was granted an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company
                 with an exercise price of US$16.70 per share (or US$33.40 per ADS) under the Company’s Share Incentive
                 Plan, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant
                 date. The Company will not grant any additional equity incentive to Mr. Liu during the 10-year period.


                 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses
                 recognized for the Founder’s share options were RMB73 million, RMB54 million and RMB38 million,
                 respectively.


                 As of December 31, 2023, there were RMB26 million of unrecognized share-based compensation
                 expenses related to the Founder’s share options. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a
                 weighted-average period of 1.4 years.




350   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries
         JD Logistics
         JD Logistics approved and adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on March 31, 2018 and a Post-IPO share
         option scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on May 10, 2021, collectively the “JD Logistics Plan”.
         The JD Logistics Plan consists of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


         JD Logistics granted 30,030,446 share options of JD Logistics to its employees and non-employees for
         the years ended December 31, 2021, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu as mentioned below.
         There was no share option granted in 2022 and 2023. The estimated fair value of each option granted
         is estimated on the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model. The weighted average grant
         date fair value of options granted for the year ended December 31, 2021 was US$4.31 per share. For
         the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses for the
         share options granted under the JD Logistics Plan were RMB1,162 million, RMB702 million and RMB387
         million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there were RMB500 million of unrecognized share-based
         compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized
         over a weighted-average period of 2.7 years.


         In October 2020, options to acquire 99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with an exercise price of
         US$0.01 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Logistics Plan. The grant was awarded to
         Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Logistics. The grant by JD Logistics
         is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the
         grant date.


         Starting July 2021, JD Logistics granted RSUs to its employees and non-employees. JD Logistics granted
         9,663,953, 41,570,538 and 55,937,435 RSUs of JD Logistics to its employees and non-employees for
         the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value of each
         RSU granted is based on market value of the JD Logistics’s shares on each date of grant. The weighted
         average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was
         HK$35.00, HK$18.23 and HK$12.93 per share, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022
         and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses for the RSUs granted under JD Logistics Plan were
         RMB39 million, RMB259 million and RMB406 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there were
         RMB500 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the RSUs granted. The
         expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.9 years.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       351
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (Continued)
                 JD Health
                 JD Health approved and adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on September 14, 2020 and a Post-IPO
                 share option scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on November 23, 2020, collectively the
                 “JD Health Plan”. The JD Health Plan consists of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


                 There was no share option granted from 2021 to 2023. The estimated fair value of each option grant is
                 estimated on the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model. For the years ended December 31,
                 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses for the share options granted under
                 the JD Health Plan were RMB1,133 million, RMB960 million and RMB617 million, respectively. As of
                 December 31, 2023, there were RMB663 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses
                 related to the share options granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-
                 average period of 3.4 years.


                 In October 2020, options to acquire 53,042,516 ordinary shares of JD Health with an exercise price of
                 US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Health Plan. The grant was awarded
                 to Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Health. The grant by JD Health
                 is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the
                 grant date.


                 Starting January 2021, JD Health granted RSUs to its employees and non-employees. JD Health granted
                 80,582,712, 4,638,422 and 6,051,558 RSUs of JD Health to its employees and non-employees for the
                 years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU
                 granted is based on market value of the JD Health’s shares on each date of grant. The weighted average
                 grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was
                 HK$112.31, HK$52.33 and HK$52.87 per share, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021,
                 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses for the RSUs granted under the JD Health Plan
                 were RMB1,428 million, RMB1,108 million and RMB1,161 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023,
                 there were RMB993 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the RSUs
                 granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.




352   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (Continued)
         Other Subsidiaries
         In 2021, JD Property and JD Industrials each approved and adopted their own share incentive plan
         (“JD Property Plan” and “JD Industrials Plan”), respectively. The JD Property Plan and JD Industrials Plan
         both consist of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


         JD Property granted 193,059,698 RSUs, 108,399,512 share options and 11,348,777 share options for
         the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU
         and share option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
         The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
         RMB2.42 and the weighted average grant date fair value of share options granted for the year ended
         December 31, 2022 and 2023 were RMB4.03 and RMB5.18 per share, respectively. 193,059,698 RSUs
         and options to acquire 81,446,610 ordinary shares of JD Property with an exercise US$0.0000005 per share
         were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Property Plan, which were fully vested on November 25, 2021
         and October 1, 2022, respectively. Total share-based compensation expenses for the RSUs granted under
         the JD Property Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021 were RMB467 million and expenses for the
         share options granted under the JD Property Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 were
         RMB354 million and RMB34 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there were RMB48 million of
         unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses are
         expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.1 years.


         JD Industrials granted 90,629,636 RSUs, 2,660,000 share options and 47,915,455 share options for the
         years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU and
         share option granted is estimated on the date of grant based on the recent rounds of financing or binomial
         option-pricing model. The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the year ended
         December 31, 2021 was US$1.18 and the weighted average grant date fair value of share options granted
         for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was US$1.40 and US$1.46 per share, respectively.
         90,629,636 RSUs, which were fully vested on December 30, 2021, were granted to Mr. Liu according to
         the JD Industrials Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total share-based compensation expenses
         for the RSUs granted under the JD Industrials Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021 were RMB684
         million and expenses for the share options granted under the JD Industrials Plan for the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and 2023 were RMB7 million and RMB180 million, respectively. As of December 31,
         2023, there were RMB166 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the
         share options granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0
         years.


         Other than those disclosed above, the share-based compensation expenses of other subsidiaries in
         aggregate were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023        353
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      28 Net Income/(loss) per Share
           Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share for each of the years presented are calculated as follows:


                                                                                 For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                    2021              2022              2023

             Numerator:
             Net income/(loss) attributable to the Company’s ordinary
              shareholders — basic (RMB in millions)                               (3,560)          10,380            24,167
             Impact of subsidiaries’ diluted earnings (RMB in millions)                (2)             (170)              (30)

             Net income/(loss) attributable to the Company’s ordinary
              shareholders — diluted (RMB in millions)                             (3,562)          10,210            24,137


             Denominator:
             Weighted average number of shares — basic                    3,107,436,665      3,125,571,110     3,144,233,160
             Adjustments for dilutive options and RSUs                                 —        55,315,026       26,309,236


             Weighted average number of shares — diluted                  3,107,436,665      3,180,886,136     3,170,542,396
             Basic net income/(loss) per share attributable to
               the Company’s ordinary shareholders (RMB)                            (1.15)             3.32              7.69
             Diluted net income/(loss) per share attributable to
               the Company’s ordinary shareholders (RMB)                            (1.15)             3.21              7.61


           Generally, basic net income/(loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding during the respective year. Diluted net income/(loss) per share is computed using the weighted
           average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during the respective year.
           The potentially dilutive ordinary shares included RSUs and options to purchase ordinary shares of 127,098,868,
           105,899,185 and 77,073,699 for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 on a weighted average
           basis, respectively. They were not included in the calculation of diluted net income/(loss) per share in the periods
           presented where their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




354   JD.com, Inc.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29 Related Party Transactions
   The table below sets forth the major related parties and their relationships with the Group as of December 31, 2023:


         Name of related parties                                                   Relationship with the Group

         Tencent and its subsidiaries (“Tencent Group”)(*)                         A shareholder of the Group
         Dada and its subsidiaries (“Dada Group”)          (**)
                                                                                   An investee of the Group
         JD Technology    (***)
                                                                                   An investee of the Group, and controlled
                                                                                     by the Founder
         Property Funds                                                            Investees of the Group
         ATRenew and its subsidiaries (“ATRenew Group”)                            An investee of the Group

   (*)      In March 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of the Company owned by
            Tencent to its shareholders. As of March 31, 2022, Tencent’s shareholding in the Company was approximately 2.3% and Tencent had no
            significant influence over the Company. As a result, Tencent Group was not considered as the Group’s related party since then.


   (**)     Dada became the subsidiary of the Company since February 28, 2022 as disclosed in Note 7. As a result, Dada Group was not considered
            as the Group’s related party since then.


   (***) JD Technology became an investee of the Group since June 2020 (Note 6).




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023           355
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 Related Party Transactions (Continued)
           (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with the major related parties:


                     Transactions                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2021                2022        2023
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                     Revenues:
                       Commission from cooperation on advertising
                        business with Tencent Group                                 248                 44          —*
                      Services provided and products sold to Tencent
                       Group                                                        553                 77          —*
                       Services provided and products sold to Dada Group            523                135          —**
                      Services provided and products sold to
                       ATRenew Group                                                894                806         845
                       Services provided and products sold to
                        JD Technology                                               882               1,044    1,696


                     Operating expenses:
                      Services received and purchases from Tencent
                       Group                                                      5,010               1,314         —*
                       Services received from Dada Group                          1,087                212          —**
                       Payment processing and other services received
                        from JD Technology                                        8,762              11,494   13,833
                       Lease and property management services
                        received from Property Funds                              1,180               1,249    1,681
                       Services received from ATRenew Group                          31                  4          —


                     Other income:
                       Income from non-compete agreement
                        with Dada Group                                              77                 13          —**
                      Interest income from loans provided to
                       JD Technology                                                253                301         287
                      Interest income from loans provided to
                       Property Funds                                                39                 43          56


                 Revenues from related parties, excluding those from the major related parties as stated above,
                 represented approximately 0.24%, 0.26% and 0.12% of total net revenues of the Group for the years
                 ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Transactions with related parties included in
                 operating expenses, excluding those with the major related parties as stated above, represented 0.17%,
                 0.13% and 0.12% of total operating expenses of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022
                 and 2023, respectively.




356   JD.com, Inc.
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29 Related Party Transactions (Continued)
   (b) The Group had the following balances with the major related parties:

                                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                                            2022                  2023
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

          Due from/(to) JD Technology
             Loans provided to JD Technology(****)                                                          3,378                    50
             Other payables to JD Technology                                                                 (637)              (1,497)
          Due from Property Funds
             Loans provided to Property Funds (****)                                                        1,746                1,136
             Other receivables from Property Funds                                                          1,068                  427
          Due from ATRenew Group                                                                                22                   53

          Total                                                                                             5,577                  169

          Deferred revenues in relation to traffic support, marketing and
           promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group                                                (610)                (182)


        (****) In relation to the loans provided to JD Technology and Property Funds, the Group charged JD Technology and Property Funds
              based on fair market interest rate, and cash flows resulted from the loans were presented within investing activities in the
              consolidated statements of cash flows.



        As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group recorded amount due from related parties other than
        the major related parties as stated above of RMB565 million and RMB498 million, which represented
        approximately 1.58% and 1.39% of the Group’s total accounts receivable, net and prepayments and
        other current assets, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group recorded amount due
        to related parties other than the major related parties and deferred revenues in relation to traffic support,
        marketing and promotion services to be provided to related parties other than the major related parties as
        stated above of RMB488 million and RMB173 million, which represented approximately 0.20% and 0.07%
        of the Group’s total accounts payable, advance from customers, accrued expenses and other current
        liabilities, deferred revenues and other non-current liabilities, respectively.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023             357
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 Related Party Transactions (Continued)
           (c)   Other information related to related party transactions:


                 Based on a series of agreements signed on January 1, 2016, JD Technology performs the credit risk
                 assessment and other related services in relation to consumer financing business and obtain the returns
                 from such services, and JD Technology purchases the consumer financing receivables past due over
                 certain agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values without recourse and also agrees to bear
                 other cost in direct relation to the consumer financing business to absorb the risks. In connection with the
                 agreements, the total amount of past-due consumer financing receivable related to the consumer financing
                 business sold from the Group to JD Technology were RMB77 million, RMB237 million and RMB240
                 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


                 The Group transferred certain financial assets to JD Technology with or without recourse at fair value.
                 The accounts receivable transferred without recourse were RMB43,299 million, RMB50,282 million and
                 RMB55,028 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and were
                 derecognized.


                 In 2022, the Group also sold to JD Technology certain equipment amounted to RMB1,462 million.


                 Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the Group’s Chairman of the board since the Group’s inception and the Chief
                 Executive Officer since the Group’s inception to April 2022, has purchased his own aircraft for both
                 business and personal use. The use of the aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty as
                 employee is free of charge to the Group, and the Group has agreed to assume the cost of maintenance,
                 crew and operations of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such maintenance and incidental
                 costs were insignificant for all periods presented.


                 The terms of the agreements with the related parties are determined based on contracted prices
                 negotiated with other parties in normal commercial terms.




358   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30 Segment Reporting
   The Group derives the results of the segments directly from its internal management reporting system. The
   CODM measures the performance of each segment based on metrics of revenues and earnings from operations
   and uses these results to evaluate the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the segments.
   The Group currently does not allocate assets, share-based compensation expenses and certain operating
   expenses to its segments, as the CODM does not use such information to allocate resources to or evaluate the
   performance of the operating segments. As most of the Group’s long-lived assets are located in the PRC and
   most of the Group’s revenues are derived from the PRC, no geographical information is presented.


   As disclosed in Note 2(nn), beginning with the first quarter of 2021, the Group implemented certain segment
   reporting changes to better reflect its optimized organizational structure and business developments. As a
   result, the Group reported three segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Cloud & AI
   businesses were deconsolidated from the Company from March 31, 2021, thus the operating results of JD Cloud
   & AI businesses were not included in New Businesses segment from the second quarter of 2021. The Group
   consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022 and reported the results of Dada as a new standalone segment. The
   Group also consolidated CNLP through JD Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results of CNLP in the
   New Businesses segment. In addition, the Group consolidated Deppon Holdco except the Excluded Business
   as defined in Note 7 since July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon Holdco except Excluded Business
   as defined in Note 7 in the JD Logistics segment. As a result, the Group reported four segments, JD Retail,
   JD Logistics, Dada and New Businesses since 2022.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      359
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      30 Segment Reporting (Continued)
           The table below provides a summary of the Group’s operating segment results for the years ended
           December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023:


                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                       2021                  2022                  2023
                                                                                                                (RMB in millions)

                 Net revenues:
                   JD Retail                                                                       866,303               929,929               945,343
                   JD Logistics                                                                    104,693               137,402               166,625
                   Dada                                                                                    —                 8,030               10,506
                   New Businesses                                                                    26,063                21,779                16,111
                   Inter-segment    (*)
                                                                                                    (46,043)              (50,904)              (53,923)

                 Total segment net revenues                                                        951,016             1,046,236             1,084,662
                 Unallocated items                                                                       576                     —                     —

                 Total consolidated net revenues                                                   951,592             1,046,236             1,084,662

                 Operating income/(loss):
                   JD Retail                                                                         26,613                34,852                35,925
                   JD Logistics                                                                       (1,827)                  528                 1,005
                   Dada                                                                                    —                (1,122)                 (488)
                   New Businesses                                                                   (10,600)                (5,295)                  159
                    Including: gain on sale of development properties
                        (Note 19)                                                                        767                 1,379                 2,283
                                 impairment of long-lived assets                                           —                     —                (1,123)

                 Total segment operating income                                                      14,186                28,963                36,601
                 Unallocated items(**)                                                              (10,045)                (9,240)             (10,576)

                 Total consolidated operating income                                                  4,141                19,723                26,025
                 Total other income/(expense)                                                         (6,721)               (5,856)                5,625

                 Income/(loss) before tax                                                             (2,580)              13,867                31,650


           (*)      The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics to
                    JD Retail, on-demand delivery and retail services provided by Dada to JD Retail and JD Logistics, and property leasing services provided
                    by JD Property to JD Logistics.




360   JD.com, Inc.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30 Segment Reporting (Continued)
   (**)   A summary of unallocated items for the years presented is as follows：


                                                                                    For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2021               2022              2023

                                                                                               (RMB in millions)


             Share-based compensation                                              (9,134)            (7,548)           (4,804)

             Amortization of intangible assets resulting
               from assets and business acquisitions                                 (940)            (1,217)           (1,281)

             Effects of business cooperation arrangements                             29               (475)             (446)

             Impairment of goodwill                                                    —                  —             (3,143)

             Impairment of intangible assets                                           —                  —              (902)


             Total                                                                (10,045)            (9,240)          (10,576)



31 Employee Benefit
   Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution plan,
   pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are
   provided to the employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs of the
   Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
   salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government. The Group has no legal obligation for the
   benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefit expenses recorded in cost
   of revenues and expenses, which were expensed as incurred, were approximately RMB8,901 million, RMB10,848
   million and RMB12,659 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


32 Loan Facilities and Lines of Credit
   As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s loan facilities were classified into different types as follows:


                                                                                                                      As of
                                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                                                       2023
                                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

     Unsecured senior notes (Note 17)                                                                                 10,411
     Unsecured borrowings              (*)
                                                                                                                      25,202
     Secured borrowings         (**)
                                                                                                                      11,387

     Total                                                                                                            47,000




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023         361
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      32 Loan Facilities and Lines of Credit (Continued)
           (*)    As of December 31, 2023, the unsecured borrowings mainly consisted of borrowings without collaterals under loan facility agreements
                  from well-known financial institutions. The major unsecured borrowings are listed as below.


                  In October 2021, the Group entered into a one-year HK$15,931 million term loan facility agreement. The term loans under this facility were
                  priced at 50 basis points over Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) on and from the date of first loan made or to be made (“Initial
                  Utilization Date”) to and including the date falling 6 months from the Initial Utilization Date, and thereafter at 70 basis points over HIBOR.
                  In February and May 2022, the Group drew down HK$6,300 million and HK$2,741 million under the facility commitment, respectively, and
                  the borrowings were fully repaid in February 2023. The Group entered into another one-year HK$9,041 million term loan facility agreement
                  to refinance the loan and drew down all the facility in February 2023 and the borrowings were fully repaid in December 2023. In December
                  2023, the Group entered into a RMB8,500 million term loan agreement with interest rate at 65 basis points below Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”)
                  to refinance the loan and drew down RMB8,286 million, which was expected to be repaid through December 2028 in installments. As of
                  December 31, 2023, RMB166 million and RMB8,120 million of the borrowings were recorded in short-term debts and long-term borrowings
                  in the consolidated balance sheets, respectively.


                  In December 2021, the Group entered into a five-year US$2,000 million unsecured term and revolving loan facility with 5 lead arrangers.
                  The term and revolving loans under this facility were priced at 85 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate, which was amended to
                  the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) in September 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, the Group drew down US$1,000 million
                  under the facility commitment, which will be due in 2027. As of December 31, 2023, RMB7,083 million of the borrowings above were
                  recorded in long-term borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets and the undrawn balance was US$1,000 million under the credit
                  facilities agreement.


                  In December 2022, the Group entered into a seven-year RMB3,000 million term loan facility agreement. The term loans under this facility
                  were priced at 145 basis points below LPR. The Group drew down RMB2,000 million and RMB1,000 million under the facility commitment
                  in December 2022 and December 2023, respectively. In December 2023, the Group repaid the borrowings of RMB10 million. As of
                  December 31, 2023, RMB45 million was recorded in short-term debts and RMB2,945 million borrowings were recorded in long-term
                  borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets.


                  As of December 31, 2023, in addition to the above unsecured borrowings, RMB4,027 million and RMB2,816 million borrowings recorded
                  in short-term debts and long-term borrowings, respectively, were without collaterals and borrowed from well-known financial institutions.


           (**)   As of December 31, 2023, RMB796 million and RMB10,591 million borrowings, were recorded in short-term debts and long-term
                  borrowings, respectively, with collaterals of RMB23,390 million which mainly comprised of construction in progress, buildings, land use
                  rights and certain subsidiary’s equity interests measured at fair value.




362   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




32 Loan Facilities and Lines of Credit (Continued)
   As of December 31, 2023, the long-term borrowings, including the portion due within one year which were
   recoded in “short-term debts”, will be repaid according to the following schedule:


                                                                                                       As of
                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                        2023
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

     2024                                                                                                  471
     2025                                                                                                 3,836
     2026                                                                                                 2,745
     2027                                                                                                 8,239
     2028                                                                                                 9,288
     2029 and thereafter                                                                                  7,447

                                                                                                        32,026


   As of December 31, 2023, the weighted average interest rate for the outstanding short-term debts was 3.1%
   per annum.

   As of December 31, 2023, the Group had agreements with reputable commercial banks for unsecured revolving
   lines of credit, and increased its revolving lines of credit to RMB164,333 million, which can be used for
   borrowings, bank acceptance, bank guarantee, etc., pursuant to the underlying agreements. The Group was
   in compliance with the financial covenants, if any, under those lines of credit as of December 31, 2023. As of
   December 31, 2023, under the lines of credit, the Group mainly had RMB120,695 million unused.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       363
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      33 Commitments and Contingencies
           Commitments for internet data center (IDC) service fee
           The Group entered into non-cancelable IDC service agreements. The related expenses were RMB2,236 million,
           RMB3,661 million and RMB4,738 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively,
           and were charged to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) when
           incurred. Future minimum payments under these non-cancelable agreements with initial terms of one year or
           more consist of the following:


                                                                                                            As of
                                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

             2024                                                                                                829
             2025                                                                                                398
             2026                                                                                                363
             2027                                                                                                360
             2028                                                                                                360
             2029 and thereafter                                                                               2,129

                                                                                                               4,439


           Capital commitments
           The Group’s capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction and purchase of office
           building and warehouses. Total capital commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated
           financial statements amounted to RMB8,150 million as of December 31, 2023. All of these capital commitments
           will be fulfilled in the following years according to the construction progress.

           Investment commitments
           The Group’s investment commitments primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain fund
           investments. Total investment commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial
           statements amounted to RMB2,287 million as of December 31, 2023.


           Long-term debt obligations
           The Group’s long-term debt obligations include unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings. The amounts
           exclude the corresponding interest payable. The expected repayment schedule of the unsecured senior notes
           and long-term borrowings have been disclosed in Note 17 and Note 32, respectively.




364   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




33 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)
   Legal proceedings
   From time to time, the Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Third
   parties assert patent infringement claims against the Group from time to time in the form of letters, lawsuits and
   other forms of communication. In addition, from time to time, the Group receives notification from customers
   claiming that they are entitled to indemnification or other obligations from the Group related to infringement
   claims made against them by third parties. Litigation, even if the Group is ultimately successful, can be costly
   and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of the Group. The Group records a
   liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
   estimated. The Group reviews the need for any such liability on a regular basis. The Group has not recorded any
   material liabilities in this regard as of December 31, 2023.

   Purchase commitments
   The Group’s purchase commitments primarily relate to purchase of products. Total purchase commitments
   contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2023 represented
   less than 1% of total net revenues of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023.

34 Restricted Net Assets
   The Company’s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of
   funds from its subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the
   Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs incorporated in the PRC only out of their retained earnings, if
   any, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations
   reflected in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the
   statutory financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries.

   In accordance with the PRC Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment, a foreign invested enterprise
   established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserve funds, namely general reserve fund, the
   enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profits as reported
   in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A foreign invested enterprise is required to allocate at
   least 10% of its annual after-tax profits to the general reserve fund until such reserve fund has reached 50%
   of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. Appropriations to the
   enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of directors for all
   foreign invested enterprises. The aforementioned reserved funds can only be used for specific purposes and are
   not distributable as cash dividends.

   Additionally, in accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide
   statutory surplus fund at least 10% of its annual after-tax profits until such statutory surplus fund has reached
   50% of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A domestic enterprise
   is also required to provide discretionary surplus fund, at the discretion of the board of directors, from the net
   profits reported in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. The aforementioned reserve funds can
   only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends.

   As a result of these PRC laws and regulations that require annual appropriations of 10% of net after-tax profits
   to be set aside prior to payment of dividends as general reserve fund or statutory surplus fund, the Company’s
   PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to
   the Company.



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        365
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      34 Restricted Net Assets (Continued)
           Amounts restricted include paid-in capital, additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, totaling
           approximately RMB67,625 million, or 29% of the Company’s total consolidated net assets, as of December 31,
           2023. Except for the above, there is no other restriction on the use of proceeds generated by the Company’s
           subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs to satisfy any obligations of the Company.

      35 Subsequent Events
           Dividends
           On March 6, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved an annual cash dividend
           of US$0.38 per ordinary share, or US$0.76 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs,
           respectively, as of the close of business on April 5, 2024, payable in U.S. dollars. The aggregate amount of the
           dividend will be approximately US$1.2 billion. The payment date is expected to be on or around April 23, 2024
           and on or around April 29, 2024 for holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively.

           Share Repurchase Program
           Under the 2020 share repurchase program, as of the date of this report, the Company had repurchased
           103,742,254 Class A ordinary shares (including ADSs) for approximately US$2,138 million, including
           48,230,474 Class A ordinary shares (including ADSs) for approximately US$645 million during the period from
           January 1, 2024 to March 17, 2024 (the expiration date of 2020 share repurchase program).

           On March 6, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase
           program (the “New Share Repurchase Program”), effective upon the expiry of the 2020 share repurchase
           program in March 2024. Pursuant to the New Share Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase up
           to US$3.0 billion worth of its shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through March 2027.
           The Company had repurchased 39,273,924 Class A ordinary shares (including ADSs) for approximately
           US$533 million during the period from March 18, 2024 to March 31, 2024 under New Share Repurchase
           Program.




366   JD.com, Inc.
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




36 Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information
   The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of the consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in
   accordance with Rule 5-04 (c) of Regulation S-X, and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to
   disclose the financial information for the parent company only.

   As of December 31, 2023, the Company did not have significant capital commitments and other significant
   commitments, or guarantees, except for those which have been separately disclosed in the consolidated
   financial statements.
   Condensed Balance Sheets
                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                       2022              2023
                                                                       RMB            RMB                US$
                                                                                                    Note 2(g)
                                                               (in millions, except share and per share data)

       ASSETS
        Cash and cash equivalents                                     5,029            4,788             674
        Short-term investments                                           —             2,843             400
        Internal balance                                             63,708           53,088           7,478
        Investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs           162,015          188,817          26,595
        Prepayments and other assets                                    308              154              22

       Total assets                                                 231,060          249,690          35,169

       LIABILITIES
         Unsecured senior notes                                      10,347           10,536           1,484
         Long-term borrowings                                         6,965            7,083             998
         Accrued expenses and other liabilities                         382              213              30
       Total liabilities                                             17,694           17,832           2,512

       SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
        Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
          100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
          2,793,298,344 Class A ordinary shares issued
          and 2,756,458,772 outstanding, 386,374,723
          Class B ordinary shares issued and 379,220,475
          outstanding as of December 31, 2022;
          2,860,222,213 Class A ordinary shares issued
          and 2,820,978,543 outstanding, 323,212,124
          Class B ordinary shares issued and 316,685,372
          outstanding as of December 31, 2023.)                          —*               —*              —*
        Additional paid-in capital                                  184,041          184,204          25,945
        Statutory reserves                                            3,473            6,109             860
        Treasury stock                                               (2,493)          (3,409)           (480)
        Retained earnings                                            29,304           44,051           6,205
        Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)                  (959)             903             127
       Total shareholders’ equity                                   213,366          231,858          32,657
       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                   231,060          249,690          35,169

   *      Absolute amount is less than RMB1 million.

                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023     367
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      36 Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)

           Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)


                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                           2021              2022                 2023
                                                           RMB               RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                         Note 2(g)
                                                                             (in millions)

             Operating expenses
                Marketing                                     (4)               (2)              (4)            (1)
                General and administrative                  (465)             (331)            (204)          (29)

             Loss from operations                           (469)             (333)            (208)          (30)

             Other income/(expense)
               Income/(loss) from subsidiaries
                and consolidated VIEs                     (2,708)           10,667           24,967         3,516
                Other income/(expense), net                 (376)               48             (591)          (83)

             Income/(loss) before tax                     (3,553)           10,382           24,168         3,403
                Income tax expenses                           (7)               (2)              (1)           —

             Net income/(loss)                            (3,560)           10,380           24,167         3,403

             Net income/(loss) attributable to
              the Company’s ordinary
              shareholders                                (3,560)           10,380           24,167         3,403

             Net income/(loss)                            (3,560)           10,380           24,167         3,403
                Other comprehensive income/(loss):
                Foreign currency translation
                adjustments                               (2,542)            5,131            1,862           263
                Total other comprehensive
               income/(loss)                              (2,542)            5,131            1,862           263

             Total comprehensive income/(loss)            (6,102)           15,511           26,029         3,666




368   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




36 Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows


                                                          For the year ended December 31,
                                                     2021           2022                 2023
                                                     RMB            RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                Note 2(g)
                                                                    (in millions)

    Net cash used in operating
      activities                                      (411)          (509)            (765)         (108)

    Cash flows from investing activities:
    Purchase of short-term investments              (3,189)            —            (2,833)         (399)
    Maturity of short-term investments              6,546               1               —              —
    Loans (provided to)/settled by internal
      companies                                    (20,900)        7,426            12,633         1,779
    Other investing activities                      3,147              —                —              —
    Net cash provided by/(used in)
     investing activities                          (14,396)        7,427             9,800         1,380

    Cash flows from financing
      activities:
    Repurchase of ordinary shares                       —          (1,823)          (2,497)         (352)
    Cash paid for dividends                             —         (13,087)          (6,741)         (949)
    Proceeds from short-term borrowings                 —          3,945                —              —
    Repayment of short-term borrowings                  —          (7,005)              —              —
    Proceeds from long-term borrowings                  —          6,618                —              —
    Repayment of unsecured senior notes             (3,246)            —                —              —
    Other financing activities                         62          1,043               33               5
    Net cash used in
      financing activities                          (3,184)       (10,309)          (9,205)        (1,296)

    Effect of exchange rate changes on
      cash, cash equivalents, and
      restricted cash                                 (136)        1,003               (71)           (10)
    Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents,
     and restricted cash                           (18,127)        (2,388)            (241)           (34)
    Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
      cash at beginning of year                    25,544          7,417             5,029           708
    Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
      cash at end of year                           7,417          5,029             4,788           674




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      369
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      36 Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)
           Basis of presentation
           The Company’s accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies with the exception of
           the accounting for the investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs.

           For the parent company only condensed financial information, the Company records its investments in
           subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323.
           Such investments are presented in the condensed balance sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and
           consolidated VIEs” and shares in the subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs’ financial results are presented as
           “Income/(loss) from subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs” in the condensed statements of operations and
           comprehensive income/(loss). The parent company only condensed financial information should be read in
           conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




370   JD.com, Inc.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
   Standards
   The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
   respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). The effects of material differences between
   the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:

                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                    IFRSs adjustments
                                                          Amounts as                  Investments                                     Redeemable     Amounts as
                                                       reported under    Preferred    measured at Share-based              Lease           equity reported under
                                                           U.S. GAAP        shares       fair value compensation       accounting       securities         IFRSs
                                                                            Note i          Note ii         Note iii      Note iv          Note v
                                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

     Fulfillment                                             (63,011)          —               —               —            1,329              —         (61,682)
     Marketing                                               (37,772)          —               —               —                4              —         (37,768)
     Research and development                                (16,893)          —               —               —                8              —         (16,885)
     General and administrative                              (11,053)          —               —               —                9              —         (11,044)
     Gain on sale of development properties                     1,379          —               —               —             (514)             —              865
     Income from operations                                   19,723           —               —               —              836              —          20,559
     Share of results of equity investees                     (2,195)          —              143              —               —               —           (2,052)
     Interest expense                                          (2,106)         —               —               —           (1,081)             (6)         (3,193)
     Others, net                                               (1,555)         —           (2,578)             —               —               —           (4,133)
     Fair value changes of preferred shares                        —       (2,262)             —               —               —               —           (2,262)
     Income before tax                                        13,867        (2,262)        (2,435)             —            (245)              (6)         8,919
     Income tax expense                                       (4,176)           —             (46)           (126)            —                —          (4,348)
     Net income                                                9,691        (2,262)        (2,481)           (126)          (245)              (6)         4,571
     Net loss attributable to non-controlling
      interests shareholders                                    (697)        (433)             23              (1)            (56)             —          (1,164)
     Net income attributable to mezzanine equity
      classified as non-controlling
      interests shareholders                                       8            (8)            —               —               —               —              —
     Net income attributable to the Company’s
      ordinary shareholders                                   10,380        (1,821)        (2,504)           (125)          (189)              (6)         5,735
     Net income                                                9,691        (2,262)        (2,481)           (126)          (245)              (6)         4,571
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                  7,810          (302)           135              —              —                —           7,643
     Fair value on equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                         —             —             (80)             —               —               —             (80)
     Total comprehensive income                               17,501        (2,564)        (2,426)           (126)          (245)              (6)       12,134
     Total comprehensive income
       attributable to non-controlling
       interests shareholders                                  1,982         (433)             30              (1)            (56)             —           1,522
     Total comprehensive income
       attributable to
       mezzanine equity classified as
       non-controlling
       interests shareholders                                      8            (8)            —               —               —               —              —
     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       the Company’s ordinary shareholders                    15,511        (2,123)        (2,456)           (125)          (189)              (6)       10,612



                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023              371
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards (Continued)

                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                  IFRSs adjustments
                                                             Amounts as                        Investments                                       Redeemable       Impairment        Amounts as
                                                          reported under                    measured at fair      Share-based         Lease           equity     of long-lived   reported under
                                                              U.S. GAAP Preferred shares             value      compensation     accounting        securities          assets             IFRSs
                                                                                  Note i             Note ii          Note iii        Note iv         Note v           Note vi
                                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

             Fulfillment                                        (64,558)              —                   —                —           1,788               —               —            (62,770)
             Marketing                                          (40,133)              —                   —                —                4              —               —            (40,129)
             Research and development                           (16,393)              —                   —                —              10               —               —            (16,383)
             General and administrative                          (9,710)              —                   —                —              11               —               —             (9,699)
             Impairment of long-lived assets                     (2,025)              —                   —                —               —               —           (1,772)           (3,797)
             Gain on sale of development properties               2,283               —                   —                —            (379)              —               —              1,904
             Income from operations                              26,025               —                   —                —           1,434               —           (1,772)           25,687
             Share of results of equity investees                 1,010               —                (273)               —               —               —               —                737
             Interest expense                                    (2,881)              —                  —                 —           (1,089)            (13)             —             (3,983)
             Others, net                                          7,496               —                  62                —               —               —               —              7,558
             Fair value changes of preferred shares                  —              (696)                 —                —               —               —               —               (696)

             Income before tax                                   31,650             (696)              (211)               —             345              (13)         (1,772)           29,303
             Income tax expense                                  (8,393)              —                (135)             (500)             —               —               —             (9,028)

             Net income                                          23,257             (696)              (346)             (500)           345              (13)         (1,772)           20,275
             Net loss attributable to non-controlling
              interests shareholders                               (910)            (170)                (23)             (62)            11               —             (444)           (1,598)

             Net income attributable to the Company’s
              ordinary shareholders                              24,167             (526)              (323)             (438)           334              (13)         (1,328)           21,873

             Net income                                          23,257             (696)              (346)             (500)           345              (13)         (1,772)           20,275
             Foreign currency translation adjustments             1,374             (100)                (11)              —               —               —               —              1,263
             Fair value on equity instruments at
               fair value through
               other comprehensive income                            —                —                  (13)              —               —               —               —                (13)

             Total comprehensive income                          24,631             (796)              (370)             (500)           345              (13)         (1,772)           21,525
             Total comprehensive loss attributable to
               non-controlling interests shareholders            (1,398)            (170)                (30)             (62)            11               —             (444)           (2,093)

             Total comprehensive income attributable to
               the Company’s ordinary shareholders               26,029             (626)              (340)             (438)           334              (13)         (1,328)           23,618




372   JD.com, Inc.
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
   Standards (Continued)

                                                                                                           As of December 31, 2022
                                                                                                              IFRSs adjustments
                                                                Amounts as                 Investments                                                Redeemable         Amounts as
                                                             reported under   Preferred    measured at               Share-based          Lease            equity     reported under
                                                                 U.S. GAAP      shares        fair value           compensation       accounting        securities             IFRSs
                                                                                 Note i          Note ii                  Note iii       Note iv           Note v
                                                                                                                (RMB in millions)

     Operating lease right-of-use assets                            22,267           —               —                         —          (1,883)              —             20,384
     Investment in equity investees                                 57,641           —          (35,851)                       —              —                —             21,790
     Marketable securities and other investments                    14,360           —          (11,611)                       —              —                —              2,749
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              —            —          48,893                         —              —                —             48,893
     Financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                       —            —              834                        —              —                —                834
     Deferred tax assets                                             1,536           —               38                        50             —                —              1,624
     Total assets                                                  595,250           —            2,303                        50         (1,883)              —            595,720
     Deferred tax liabilities                                        6,511           —              487                        —              —                —              6,998
     Other non-current liabilities                                   1,737           —               —                         —              —               547             2,284
     Preferred shares                                                   —       16,084               —                         —              —                —             16,084
     Total liabilities                                             321,127      16,084              487                        —              —               547           338,245
     Convertible redeemable non-controlling interests                  590           —               —                         —              —              (590)               —
     Additional paid-in capital                                    184,041       9,540               —                        249             —              (434)          193,396
     Retained earnings                                              29,304     (16,242)           1,855                      (203)        (1,794)               (6)          12,914
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss                             (959)        294             (104)                       —              —                —               (769)
     Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                       213,366       (6,408)          1,751                        46         (1,794)            (440)          206,521
     Non-controlling interests                                      60,167       (9,676)             65                           4          (89)             483            50,954

     Total shareholders’ equity                                    273,533     (16,084)           1,816                        50         (1,883)              43           257,475




                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023                 373
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards (Continued)

                                                                                                             As of December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                IFRSs adjustments
                                                                  Amounts as                 Investments                                         Redeemable       Impairment        Amounts as
                                                               reported under   Preferred    measured at       Share-based          Lease             equity     of long-lived   reported under
                                                                   U.S. GAAP      shares        fair value   compensation      accounting          securities          assets             IFRSs
                                                                                   Note i          Note ii         Note iii           Note iv         Note v          Note vi
                                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

                 Property, equipment and software, net                 70,035          —               —                —                  —              —              (950)           69,085
                 Land use rights, net                                  39,563          —               —                —                  —              —              (822)           38,741
                 Operating lease right-of-use assets                   20,863          —               —                —              (1,538)            —                —             19,325
                 Investment in equity investees                        56,746          —          (33,642)              —                  —              —                —             23,104
                 Marketable securities and other investments           80,840          —           (2,765)              —                  —              —                —             78,075
                 Financial assets at fair value
                   through profit or loss                                  —           —           38,125               —                  —              —                —             38,125
                 Financial assets at fair value
                   through other comprehensive income                      —           —              300               —                  —              —                —               300
                 Deferred tax assets                                    1,744          —                5             (696)                —              —                —              1,053
                 Total assets                                        628,958           —            2,023             (696)            (1,538)            —            (1,772)         626,975
                 Deferred tax liabilities                               9,267          —              584               —                  —              —                —              9,851
                 Other non-current liabilities                         1,055           —               —                —                  —             560               —             1,615
                 Preferred shares                                          —      18,162               —                —                  —              —                —            18,162
                 Total liabilities                                   332,578      18,162              584               —                  —             560               —           351,884
                 Convertible redeemable
                   non-controlling interests                             614           —               —                —                  —            (614)              —                 —
                 Additional paid-in capital                          184,204       8,413               —                13                 —            (435)              —           192,195
                 Retained earnings                                     44,051     (16,768)          1,532             (641)            (1,460)            (19)         (1,328)           25,367
                 Accumulated other comprehensive income                  903         194             (121)              —                  —              —                —               976
                 Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity             231,858       (8,161)          1,411             (628)            (1,460)          (454)          (1,328)         221,238
                 Non-controlling interests                             63,908     (10,001)             28              (68)               (78)           508             (444)           53,853

                 Total shareholders’ equity                          295,766      (18,162)          1,439             (696)            (1,538)            54           (1,772)         275,091


           Notes


           (i)          Preferred shares


                        Under U.S. GAAP, preferred shares of the Group are accounted for as mezzanine equity or non-controlling interests, depending on
                        the redeemable features exists or not. The preferred shares with redeemable features are classified as mezzanine equity because
                        they are redeemable contingently upon the occurrence of certain events outside of the Group’s control. This kind of preferred shares
                        are recorded initially at fair value, net of issuance costs at the date of issuance. Accretion to the respective redemption value of the
                        preferred shares over the period is recognized starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date.




374   JD.com, Inc.
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
   Standards (Continued)
   Notes (continued)


   (i)     Preferred shares (Continued)


           Under IFRS, since the Group does not have an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash, the prefer shares represent liability. With
           certain embedded features, the Group designates the entire preferred shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
           and are initially recognized at fair value, while the changes in the fair value are recognized in profit or loss. The issuance costs are
           recorded in profit or loss.

   (ii)    Investments measured at fair value

           Under U.S. GAAP, the Group uses measurement alternative to record the investments without readily determinable fair values at cost,
           less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes on a nonrecurring basis, and report changes in the carrying value
           of the equity investments in profit or loss. Changes in the carrying value of the equity investments are required to be made whenever
           there are observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Those investments
           include convertible redeemable preferred shares, ordinary shares with preferential rights issued by privately held companies and equity
           investments in unlisted entities, in the form of ordinary shares without significant influence. In addition, the Group accounts certain
           investments in private equity funds over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence under the existing
           practical expedient, and estimates fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) of the investment. The Group also applies
           the equity method of accounting to account for certain equity investments in private equity funds.


           Under IFRS, the aforementioned investments are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and measured at fair
           value, except for certain equity investments not held for trading but held for long-term strategic purposes, which are designated as
           financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Fair value changes of these long-term investments are recognized in
           profit or loss or other comprehensive income, respectively.

   (iii)   Share-based compensation

           Under U.S. GAAP, for awards that ordinarily give rise to a tax deduction under existing tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the
           basis of the compensation expense that is recognized for financial reporting purposes. In addition, tax benefits in excess of or less
           than the related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the amount of the deduction is determined
           (typically when an award vests or, in the case of options, is exercised or expires).


           Under IFRS, for awards that will give rise to a tax deduction under the applicable tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the basis
           of the hypothetical tax deduction for the share-based payment that corresponds to the percentage earned to date (i.e., the intrinsic
           value of the award on the reporting date multiplied by the percentage vested). In addition, tax benefits less than or equal to the
           related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss, otherwise are recognized in equity.

   (iv)    Lease

           Lease classification and measurement

           Under U.S. GAAP, the amortization of the right-of-use assets and interest expense related to the lease liabilities are recorded
           together as lease expense to produce a straight-line recognition effect in profit or loss.


           Under IFRS, the amortization of the right-of-use asset is on a straight-line basis while the interest expense related to the lease
           liabilities are measured at amortized cost.

           Sale-and-leaseback arrangements

           Under U.S. GAAP, if the sale-and-leaseback transaction qualifies as a sale, the entire gain on the transaction would be recognized.


           Under IFRS, for sale-and-leaseback transactions that qualify as a sale, the gain would be limited to the amount related to the residual
           portion of the asset sold. The amount of the gain related to the underlying asset leased back to the lessee would be offset against
           the lessee’s right-of-use asset.



                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023              375
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards (Continued)
           Notes (continued)


           (v)    Redeemable equity securities

                  Under U.S. GAAP, certain financial instruments of the Group in the form of shares with redemption features embedded are classified
                  as redeemable non-controlling interests, when the realization of the redemption feature is subject to certain conditions that are not
                  within solely control of the Group.


                  Under IFRS, these financial instruments are classified as liabilities irrespective of whether the obligation is unconditional or
                  conditional.


           (vi)   Impairment of long-lived assets


                  Under U.S. GAAP, the Group takes a two-step approach to calculate an asset or asset group impairment by comparing the asset or
                  asset group’s carrying amount with the sum of future undiscounted cash flows as a test of recoverability, and record the amount by
                  which the carrying value exceeds the fair value as impairment loss when the carrying amount is not recoverable.


                  Under IFRS, the Group takes a one-step approach to calculate an asset or cash generating unit impairment by recording the amount
                  by which the carrying value exceeds the recoverable amount as an impairment loss when impairment indicators exist.




376   JD.com, Inc.
