               (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and
                 incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                      NASDAQ: JD
                  HKEX: 9618 (HKD counter) and 89618 (RMB counter)




JD.com, Inc.
                                                              2025
京東集團股份有限公司                                Annual Report
TABLE OF CONTENT
2     INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHT STRUCTURE

4     INTRODUCTION

10    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

11    PART I
      11   Key Information
      110 Information on the Company
      178 Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      205 Directors, Senior Management and Employees
      221 Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      224 Financial Information
      225 The Offer and Listing
      226 Additional Information
      241 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
      242 Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
249   PART II
      249 Controls and Procedures
      250 Audit Committee Financial Expert
      250 Code of Ethics
      250 Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      251 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      252 Corporate Governance
      253 Insider Trading Policies
      253 Cybersecurity
255   PART III
      255 Consolidated Financial Statements




                   JINGDONG
    INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING
    RIGHT STRUCTURE

    JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is controlled through weighted voting rights. Our share capital comprises Class A
    ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Each Class A ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote
    and each Class B ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise 20 votes respectively, on any resolution tabled at our
    general meetings, except as may otherwise be provided for in our memorandum and articles of association. Save
    for the weighted voting rights attached to Class B ordinary shares, the rights attached to all classes of shares of the
    Company are identical.


    The Company’s WVR structure (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”)) enables the WVR beneficiary
    (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to exercise voting control over the Company
    notwithstanding that the WVR beneficiary does not hold a majority economic interest in the share capital of the
    Company. This will enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of the WVR beneficiary
    who will control the Company with a view to its long-term prospects and strategy.


    As of March 18, 2026, our WVR beneficiary, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the chairman of our Company beneficially
    owns (i) 11,487,275 American Depositary Shares (each representing two Class A ordinary shares), representing
    22,974,550 Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Liu
    had the right to acquire upon exercise of options or vest of RSUs that had vested by or shall have become vested
    within 60 days after March 18, 2026, and (iii) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited.
    In addition, Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole
    director, holds 16,135,302 Class B ordinary shares as of March 18, 2026, for the purpose of transferring such shares
    to the plan participants according to our awards under our share incentive plan, and administers the awards and acts
    according to our instruction. Mr. Liu will control approximately 73.1% of the aggregate voting power of the Company,
    including 3.6% of the aggregate voting power of our Company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising
    Holdings Limited as of March 18, 2026.


    Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof. Upon
    the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares, our Company
    will issue 321,766,082 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 13.4% the total number of issued
    and outstanding Class A ordinary shares as of March 18, 2026. For further information, see “Directors, Senior
    Management and Employees — Share Ownership” in this annual report.


    Upon (i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting power
    attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any person or entity that
    is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of such holder, or (ii) the direct
    or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting securities or the
    voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of all or substantially
    all of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is an entity to any person or entity that is not an Affiliate
    of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number
    of Class A ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal




2   JD.com, Inc.
                            Information about our Weighted Voting Right Structure (Continued)




number of Class A ordinary shares when (i) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu services as neither a director nor the chief
executive officer of our Company, (ii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of any
outstanding Class B ordinary shares, (iii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of
Max Smart Limited or any other entity who holds Class B ordinary shares, or (iv) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu being
permanently unable to attend board meetings and manage our business affairs as a result of incapacity solely due to
his then physical and/or mental condition (which, for avoidance of doubt, does not include any confinement against his
will).


Prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with weighed voting
rights structures, in particular that interests of the WVR beneficiary may not necessarily always be aligned with those
of our shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR beneficiary will be in a position to exercise their higher voting
power to influence the affairs of our Company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions, irrespective of how
other shareholders vote. Prospective investors should make the decision to invest in our Company only after due and
careful consideration.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        3
    INTRODUCTION


    Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report to:

    •    “ADSs” are to our American depositary shares, each of which represents two Class A ordinary shares;

    •    “CCASS” are to the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
         Clearing Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited;

    •    “China” or the “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China;

    •    “CSRC” are to the China Securities Regulatory Commission;

    •    “HFCAA” are to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted on December 18, 2020,
         signed into law on December 29, 2022 and amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023;

    •    “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars” are to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;

    •    “Hong Kong” or “HK” or “Hong Kong S.A.R.” are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;

    •    “Hong Kong Listing Rules” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
         Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;

    •    “Hong Kong Share Registrar” are to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited;

    •    “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” are to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

    •    “JD Health” are to JD Health International Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of which
         are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 6618 (HKD counter) and 86618
         (RMB counter)), and, except where the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and the consolidated variable
         interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Industrials” are to JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (formerly known as JD Industrial Technology Inc. and renamed
         as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board
         of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 7618), and, except where the context otherwise requires, its
         subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Logistics” are to JD Logistics, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of which are
         listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2618), and, except where the context
         otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Property” are to JINGDONG Property, Inc. (formerly known as JD Property Group Corporation and renamed
         as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, except where the context otherwise requires, its
         subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “Main Board” are to the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
         which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


4   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Introduction (Continued)




•    “ordinary shares” are to our Class A and Class B ordinary shares, par value US$0.00002 per share;

•    “PCAOB” are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States;

•    “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

•    “SFO” are to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or
     supplemented from time to time; and

•    “we,” “us,” “our company” or “our” are to JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our
     operations and consolidated financial information, the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries.
     The consolidated variable interest entities include, among others, Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-Commerce Co.,
     Ltd., Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangsu
     Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management Co., Ltd. and Suqian Hanyu Technology Co., Ltd. References to the
     consolidated variable interest entities may include their subsidiaries, depending on the context as appropriate. The
     consolidated variable interest entities are PRC companies conducting operations in the Chinese mainland, and their
     financial results have been consolidated into our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP for accounting
     purposes. JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We do not have any equity ownership
     in the consolidated variable interest entities.

Summary of Risk Factors
An investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares involves significant risks. Below is a summary of material
risks we face, organized under relevant headings. The operational risks associated with being based in and having
operations in the Chinese mainland also apply to operations in Hong Kong and Macau. While entities and businesses
in Hong Kong and Macau operate under different sets of laws from the Chinese mainland, the legal risks associated
with being based in and having operations in the Chinese mainland could apply to our operations in Hong Kong and
Macau, if the laws applicable to the Chinese mainland become applicable to entities and businesses in Hong Kong and
Macau in the future. These risks are discussed more fully in “Key Information — Risk Factors.”

Risks Related to Our Business
Risks and uncertainties relating to our business include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may
     be materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business —
     If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may be
     materially and adversely affected” on page 28 for details;

•    If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially and
     adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to
     provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected” on
     page 28 for details;

•    Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the online
     retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Uncertainties relating to the growth and
     profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the online retail industry in particular, could adversely
     affect our business, prospects and results of operations” on page 29 for details;


                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         5
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
         See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Any harm to our JD brand or reputation
         may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations” on page 30 for details;

    •    If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our
         business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to offer products that
         attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may
         be materially and adversely affected” on page 31 for details;

    •    If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively,
         our business prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to manage our nationwide
         fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations may be
         materially and adversely affected” on page 32 for details;

    •    We face intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if we fail
         to compete effectively. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We face intense
         competition. We may lose market share and customers if we fail to compete effectively” on page 32 for details;

    •    Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to
         new challenges and more risks. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our
         expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to new
         challenges and more risks” on page 33 for details;

    •    If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be
         materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we
         fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially
         and adversely affected” on page 33 for details;

    •    We may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
         Our Business — We may not be able to maintain profitability in the future” on page 34 for details;

    •    Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network against security breaches could
         damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Failure to protect confidential information
         of our customers and network against security breaches could damage our reputation and brand and substantially
         harm our business and results of operations” on page 47 for details;

    •    Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data
         privacy and cybersecurity. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our business
         is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and
         cybersecurity.” on page 48 for details;




6   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Introduction (Continued)




•    The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection
     with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be
     able to obtain such approval or complete such filing. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
     Business — The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in
     connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long
     we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing” on page 71 for details;

•    The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work performed
     for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the
     past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Our Business — The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in
     relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct
     inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections”
     on page 72 for details; and

•    Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB
     is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or
     the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading
     in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
     auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and
     adversely affect the value of your investment” on page 72 for details.

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
Risks and uncertainties relating to our corporate structure include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    We are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest
     entities and we conduct certain of our operations through the consolidated variable interest entities, with which
     we have maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares thus are not
     purchasing equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead are purchasing
     equity interest in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that the contractual
     arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with
     PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future,
     we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Our
     holding company, the consolidated variable interest entities and investors of our company face uncertainty
     about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual
     arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the
     financial performance of the consolidated variable interest entities and our company as a whole. The PRC
     regulatory authorities could disallow the variable interest entities structure, which would likely result in a
     material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares may decline significantly
     in value. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC
     government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest
     entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or
     are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our
     interests in those operations” on page 75 for details;




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025   7
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations
         under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our business. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — Any failure by the consolidated
         variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with
         them would have a material and adverse effect on our business” on page 78 for details; and

    •    The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us,
         which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. See “Key Information — Risk
         Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest
         entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business
         and financial condition” on page 79 for details.

    Risks Related to Doing Business in China
    We are also subject to risks and uncertainties relating to doing business in China in general, including, but are not
    limited to, the following:

    •    Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material
         and adverse effect on our business and operations. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing
         Business in China — Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies
         could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operations” on page 84 for details;

    •    Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us. Certain laws and
         regulations in the Chinese mainland can evolve quickly, which bring risks and uncertainties to their interpretation
         and enforcement. Administrative and court proceedings in the Chinese mainland may be protracted. Some
         government policies and internal rules may not be published on a timely manner. These risks and uncertainties
         may make it difficult for us to meet or comply with requirements under the applicable laws and regulations. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the
         legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us” on page 84 for details;

    •    We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and
         incur increased costs. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We
         are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur
         increased costs” on page 85 for details;

    •    We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-
         related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms. Rules and regulations
         in the Chinese mainland can change quickly with little advance notice. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
         Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and
         changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet
         platforms” on page 85 for details;

    •    PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may intervene or influence our
         operations at any time. It may exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or
         foreign investment in, China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
         or continue to offer securities to investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause
         the value of such securities to significantly decline. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
         Doing Business in China — The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result
         in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares” on page 88
         for details; and
8   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Introduction (Continued)




•    The funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not
     be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to interventions in or the
     imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated
     variable interest entities by the PRC government on cash transfers. Although currently there are not equivalent
     or similar restrictions or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities, if certain
     restrictions or limitations in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of
     Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to fund
     operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing
     Business in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to
     fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to
     make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business” on page 80
     and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Governmental control of
     currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment”
     on page 91 for details.


Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to general risks relating to our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares,
including the following:

•    The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
     could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — The trading price of our ADSs and Class
     A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to
     holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs” on page 98 for details;

•    We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A
     Ordinary Shares — We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies
     listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” on page 99 for details;

•    We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase
     program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the
     price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We cannot guarantee that any share
     repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase program will enhance long-term
     shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares
     and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves” on page 100 for details; and

•    If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
     business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — If securities
     or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
     the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline” on page 100
     for details.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         9
     FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


     This annual report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of future
     events. These statements are made under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
     Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,”
     “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “future,” “potential,”
     “continue” or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
     expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial
     condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include
     statements relating to, among other things:


     •    our goals and strategies;


     •    our future business development, financial conditions and results of operations;


     •    the expected growth of the retail and online retail markets in China;


     •    our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our products and services;


     •    our expectations regarding our relationships with customers, suppliers and third-party merchants;


     •    our plans to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform as well as new business initiatives;


     •    competition in our industry; and


     •    government policies and regulations relating to our industry.


     We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and you should read
     these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors.” Those risks
     are not exhaustive. We operate in a rapidly evolving environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is
     impossible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
     or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from those contained
     in any forward-looking statement. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking
     statements except as required under applicable law. You should read this annual report and the documents that we
     reference in this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
     different from what we expect.


     Our reporting currency is the Renminbi, or RMB. This annual report contains translations of RMB and Hong Kong
     dollar amounts into U.S. dollars at specific rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated,
     all translations of RMB and Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars into RMB in this annual report
     were made at a rate of RMB6.9931 to US$1.00 and HK$7.7833 to US$1.00, the respective exchange rates on
     December 31, 2025 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation
     that any RMB, Hong Kong dollar or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this annual report could have been, or could be,
     converted into U.S. dollars, RMB or Hong Kong dollars, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.


10   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART I


Key Information
Our Organizational Structure
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities as of February 28, 2026:

                                                                                   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                              (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                             100%
                           Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                      (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                       100%

                                  100%                          63%                                                                    100%                    100%                      100%                  100%
                                                                                  Jingdong
                                                                                E-Commerce                                                              JD.com                   JD Jiankang           JD Industrial
                               JD Property                                                                                        JD.com
                                                      JD Logistics, Inc.     (Trade) Hong Kong                                                        Investment                   Limited              Technology
                             Holding Limited                                                                                   International
                                                      (Cayman Islands)             Co., Ltd.                                                            Limited(5)                  (British               Limited
                             (Cayman Islands)                                                                                     Limited
                                                                                (Hong Kong)                                                          (British Virgin                 Virgin            (British Virgin
                                                                                                                               (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                        Islands)                   Islands)               Islands)


         100%                      75%                   100%                                                                                                   100%                     67%                   71%

                                                        JD Logistics
         JD Assets              JINGDONG                                                                                                               JD Sunflower                JD Health
                     (1)                               Holding Limited                                                                                                                                  JINGDONG
      Holding Limited          Property, Inc.                                                                                                           Investment               International
                                                        (Hong Kong)                                                                                                                                     Industrials,
      (Cayman Islands)       (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                             Limited                      Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                       (British Virgin             (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Islands)
                                                                                                                                                          Islands)                  Islands)
                                  100%
                                     JD Asia
                                  Development
                                    Limited(2)
                                  (British Virgin
                                     Islands)                                                                                                                                                               Offshore

                100%                                     100%                   100%                                                                                                                        Onshore
                                                                                                                   100%                100%
                                                      Jiangsu Xinchuan           Shanghai                   Jiangsu Huiji           Beijing Jingdong
           Jingdong Logistics                           Hailian Supply         Shengdayuan                      Space                Century Trade                        Beijing Jingdong 360
              Supply Chain                           Chain Management           Information                 Technology                   Co., Ltd.                        Degree E-Commerce
                Co., Ltd.                            Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu        Technology                     Co., Ltd.              (“Jingdong                       Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                     Xinchuan Hailian”)           Co., Ltd.                   (”Jiangsu               Century”)(4)
                                                                                (”Shanghai                      Huiji”)
                                                                              Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                        100%
                                                                                                                                       100%
                                                       Xi’an Jingdong             Suqian
                                                    Xincheng Information         Hanbang                                          • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                     Technology Co., Ltd.       Investment                  Suqian Hanyu            Information
                                                       (”Xi’an Jingdong        Management                    Technology             Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                         Xincheng”)(3)            Co., Ltd.                   Co., Ltd.           • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                         (“Suqian Hanyu”)(3)        Shangke Information
                                                         100%
                                                                                                                                    Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Jiangsu
                                                      Beijing Jingbangda                                                          • Chongqing Jingdong
                                                                                 Jingdong                          100%
                                                        Trade Co., Ltd.                                                             Haijia E-Commerce
                                                                                 Bangneng
                                                    (”Beijing Jingbangda”)                                                          Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Investment
                                                                               Management                   Suqian Juhe           • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                  Co., Ltd.               Digital Enterprise        Information Technology
                                                                                 (“Jiangsu              Management Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Jingdong
                                                                               Bangneng”)(3)


                                                                                 Jiangsu
                                                                                Yuanzhou
                                                                               E-Commerce
                                                                                 Co., Ltd.
                                                                                (“Jiangsu
                Equity interest                                                Yuanzhou”)(3)

                Contractual arrangements




Notes:

(1)      JD Assets Holding Limited has 81 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.

(2)      JD Asia Development Limited has 530 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.




                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   11
     Part I (Continued)




     (3)	Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, and Suqian Hanyu are the significant consolidated
          variable interest entities with which we have contractual arrangements. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and
          Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Suqian Hanyu
          is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Tingting Sui and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our
          company, Ms. Yayun Li was a senior vice president of our company, Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer, and Ms. Tingting
          Sui is a vice president of our company. We are in the process of replacing Ms. Li with Ms. Sui as the shareholders of the consolidated variable
          interest entities.

     (4)   Jingdong Century has 457 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.

     (5)   JD.com Investment Limited has 136 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.

     *     The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


     Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable
     Interest Entities
     JD.com, Inc. is not an operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in
     the consolidated variable interest entities, but maintains contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable
     interest entities and is considered the primary beneficiary of these entities, whose financial results are consolidated
     in JD.com, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements under the U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. The contractual
     arrangements may not be as effective as direct equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities,
     and the government authorities may challenge the enforceability of these contractual arrangements. We conduct
     our operations in the Chinese mainland through (i) our PRC subsidiaries and (ii) the consolidated variable interest
     entities with which we have maintained contractual arrangements. The laws and regulations in the Chinese mainland
     restrict and impose conditions on foreign investment in certain value-added telecommunication services and certain
     other restricted services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery services. Accordingly, we
     operate these businesses in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated variable interest entities, and such
     structure is used to provide investors with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where laws
     and regulations in the Chinese mainland prohibit or restrict direct foreign investment in certain operating companies,
     and rely on contractual arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries, the consolidated variable interest entities and
     their shareholders to control the business operations of the consolidated variable interest entities. The external
     revenues contributed by the consolidated variable interest entities accounted for 7.8%, 8.7% and 6.8% of our
     total revenues for the years of 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. As used in this annual report, “we,” “us,” “our
     company” and “our” refers to JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and
     consolidated financial information, the consolidated variable interest entities in China, including Beijing Jingdong 360
     Degree E-Commerce Co., Ltd., or Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as
     an internet information provider and operates our www.jd.com website; Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., or
     Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which was established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of selling books,
     audio and video products; Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng,
     which was established in June 2017 and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics
     services; Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which
     was established in August 2015 and primarily engages in business of investment management; and Suqian Hanyu
     Technology Co., Ltd., or Suqian Hanyu, which was established in December 2024 and primarily provides technology
     services. The consolidated variable interest entities are PRC companies conducting operations in the Chinese
     mainland, and their financial results have been consolidated into our consolidated financial statements under U.S.
     GAAP for accounting purposes. JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We do not have
     any equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
     are not purchasing equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland but instead
     are purchasing equity interest in a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and may never directly hold
     equity interests in the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland.

12   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




A series of contractual agreements, including loan agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive
technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable,
intellectual property rights license agreement, equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, business cooperation
agreement and business operations agreements, have been entered into by and among our subsidiaries, the
consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders. Terms contained in each set of contractual
arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders are substantially
similar. As a result of the contractual arrangements, we are considered the primary beneficiary of these companies
and have consolidated the financial results of these companies in our consolidated financial statements under the
U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. Neither JD.com, Inc. nor its investors have an equity ownership in, direct
foreign investment in, or control through such ownership or investment of, the consolidated variable interest
entities, and the contractual arrangements are not equivalent to an equity ownership in the business of the
consolidated variable interest entities. For more details of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the
Company — Organizational Structure — The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities.”

However, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with
control over the consolidated variable interest entities and we may incur substantial costs to enforce the
terms of the arrangements. In addition, these agreements have not been tested in courts of the Chinese
mainland. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We rely on
contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners for a portion of
our business operations, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control”
and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the
consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and
adversely affect our business and financial condition.”

Our corporate structure is subject to risks associated with the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
variable interest entities. If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of
the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws
and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. The PRC regulatory authorities could disallow the variable
interest entities structure, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares may decline significantly in value or become worthless. Our holding company, our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty about
potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements
with the consolidated variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance
of the consolidated variable interest entities and our company as a whole. For a detailed description of the risks
associated with our corporate structure, please refer to risks disclosed under “Key Information — Risk Factors —
Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.” Specifically, there are also substantial uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules regarding the status of the rights
of our Cayman Islands holding company with respect to its contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable
interest entities and their shareholders. It is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable
interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of the consolidated
variable interest entities is found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain
or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to
take action in dealing with such violations or failures. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the
consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and



                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         13
     Part I (Continued)




     regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced
     to relinquish our interests in those operations” and “— Our current corporate structure and business operations may
     be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment Law.”

     Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China
     We face various risks and uncertainties related to doing business in the Chinese mainland. Our business operations
     are primarily conducted in the Chinese mainland, and we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations
     in the Chinese mainland. For example, we face risks associated with regulatory approvals on offshore offerings,
     anti-monopoly regulatory actions, and oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy, as well as the lack of inspection
     by the PCAOB, on our Form 20-F auditor, which may impact our ability to conduct certain businesses, accept foreign
     investments, or list on a United States stock exchange. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our
     operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
     to continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. As of the
     date of this annual report, regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong do
     not have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign investment in the future, continue to
     list on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However,
     new regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong may be taken in the
     future, and such regulatory actions may have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign
     investment, continue to list on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange. For a detailed description of risks related to doing business in China, please refer to risks disclosed under
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China.”

     PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may intervene or influence our operations
     at any time. It may exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign
     investment in, China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
     to offer securities to investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of
     such securities to significantly decline. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
     Doing Business in China — The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a
     material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.”

     Risks and uncertainties arising from the PRC legal system, including risks and uncertainties regarding the
     enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in the Chinese mainland can change quickly with little advance
     notice and could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary
     shares. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China —
     Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us” and “— We may
     be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and
     companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.”




14   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public
accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC
will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the United States. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of
its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting
firms headquartered in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, including our Form 20-F auditor. In May 2022,
the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of our
Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that
vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list
of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this
reason, we were not identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 2023 or 2024 and do not expect to be identified so after we file
our Form 20-F. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit
firms in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If PCAOB determines in the future that
it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and
Hong Kong and we continue to use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit
report on our financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, we would be identified as
a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of our Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no
assurance that we would not be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we
were so identified for two consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition on trading under the
HFCAA. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The PCAOB had
historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work performed for our financial
statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived
our investors with the benefits of such inspections” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
Business — Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the
threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.”

Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations
We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. As of the date of this annual report, our
PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities have obtained the necessary licenses and permits
from the PRC government authorities, including, among others, ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits
and Practicing License for Medical Institutions, except as disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks
Related to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes
in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.”
Given the uncertainties of interpretation and implementation of laws and regulations and the enforcement practice
by government authorities, we may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings or approvals for our
business and operations in the future.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025        15
     Part I (Continued)




     Furthermore, in connection with our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors, under current PRC laws,
     regulations and regulatory rules, as of the date of this annual report, we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
     variable interest entities, (i) are not required to obtain prior permissions from the China Securities Regulatory
     Commission, or the CSRC, (ii) are not required to file an application for cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace
     Administration of China, or the CAC, as advised by Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, and (iii) have not been
     asked to obtain or were denied such permissions by any PRC authority.

     If (i) we do not receive or maintain any permissions or approvals, (ii) we inadvertently concluded that certain
     permissions or approvals have been acquired or are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations or interpretations
     thereof change and we become subject to the requirement of additional permissions or approvals in the future, we
     cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such permissions or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and
     such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including
     fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our
     business, financial condition and results of operations.

     However, the PRC government has promulgated certain regulations and rules to exert more oversight and control
     over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. On February 17, 2023,
     the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
     Companies and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31,
     2023. According to the Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly
     offer or list their securities in an overseas market are required to file with the CSRC. In addition, an overseas-listed
     company must also submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offerings, issuance of convertible corporate bonds
     and exchangeable bonds, and other equivalent offering activities, within a specific time frame requested under the
     Trial Measures. Therefore, we will be required to file with the CSRC for our overseas offering of equity and equity
     linked securities in the future within the applicable scope of the Trial Measures. We completed the filing with
     the CSRC in May 2024 in relation to the issuance of convertible senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of
     US$2.0 billion due 2029. For more detailed information, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to
     Doing Business in China — The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be
     required in connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for
     how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.”

     Cash and Asset Flows through Our Organization
     JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in the Chinese
     mainland primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland.
     As a result, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding company level, JD.com,
     Inc.’s ability to pay dividends to the shareholders and investors of the ADSs and to service any debt it may incur
     may depend upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and license and service fees paid by the consolidated
     variable interest entities. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments
     governing such debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends to JD.com, Inc. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are
     permitted to pay dividends to JD.com, Inc. only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance
     with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Further, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest
     entities are required to make appropriations to certain statutory reserve funds or may make appropriations to
     certain discretionary funds, which are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of a solvent liquidation
     of the companies. For more details, see “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Liquidity and Capital
     Resources — Holding Company Structure.”




16   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
memorandum and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our
shareholders may, by ordinary resolution, declare dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended
by our board of directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out of either
profit or share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result
in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. See “Financial
Information — Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy” for details.

As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of capital
contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may provide RMB
funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and to the consolidated
variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction — Summary of Risk Factors — Risks
Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Liquidity and Capital
Resources” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — PRC regulation of
loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency
conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest
entities or making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland,
which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.”

Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities are subject to
certain restrictions with respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Remittance
of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of the Chinese mainland is also subject to examination by
the banks designated by State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. The amounts restricted include the
paid-in capital and the statutory reserve funds of our PRC subsidiaries and the net assets of the consolidated variable
interest entities in which we have no legal ownership, totaling RMB67.6 billion, RMB71.5 billion and RMB78.2 billion
(US$11.2 billion) as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Furthermore, cash transfers from our
PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities to entities outside of the Chinese mainland are
subject to PRC governmental control on currency conversion. As a result, the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the
consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for other
use outside of the Chinese mainland due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the
ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC government
on such currency conversion. As of the date of this annual report, there are not equivalent or similar restrictions or
limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities. However, if certain restrictions or
limitations were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our
Hong Kong entities may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. For risks relating
to the fund flows of our operations in China, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business
in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash
and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.” and “Key Information —
Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Governmental control of currency conversion may limit
our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment.”




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        17
     Part I (Continued)




     Under PRC law, JD.com, Inc. may provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through capital contributions or
     loans, and to the PRC consolidated variable interest entities only through loans, subject to satisfaction of applicable
     government registration that we are not able to make direct capital contribution.

     Our company has established a centralized cash management policy to direct how funds are transferred between
     JD.com, Inc., our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries to improve the
     efficiency and ensure the security of cash management. Our management has established a series of manuals
     and policies on funds management, bank accounts management, financing activities and safe handling of cash and
     assets, which apply to all of our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries. We
     and our consolidated subsidiaries that are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange have also established respective
     centralized cash management accounts within certain entities, under which funds are transferred and dispatched to
     each subsidiary or consolidated variable interest entity under central command. The major offshore entities outside
     of the Chinese mainland with the function of centralized cash management are JD.com, Inc. (our holding company),
     JD.com International Limited (our intermediate holding company), JD Logistics, Inc., JD Health International
     Inc., and JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (all of which are our subsidiaries). In addition, the major entities within the
     Chinese mainland with similar functions are Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd. (a primary beneficiary of the
     consolidated variable interest entities), Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of consolidated variable
     interest entity), Jingdong Logistics Transportation Co., Ltd. (our subsidiary), Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd.
     (a primary beneficiary of the consolidated variable interest entities), and Beijing JINGDONG Digital Intelligence
     Industrial Technology Co., Ltd. (our subsidiary). The centralized cash management function in these entities lead
     to high-volume and high-frequency cash transferred and dispatched to the remaining consolidated subsidiaries and
     consolidated variable interest entities. We have complied with the applicable laws and regulations for the operation
     of such cash centralized management accounts and completed necessary registration and approval procedures with
     governmental authorities. Every fund transfer within our group goes through an appropriate review and approval
     process depending on the nature and amount of the transfer under our cash management policy.

     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, JD.com, Inc. received repayment of RMB12.6 billion,
     RMB18.8 billion and RMB32.9 billion (US$4.7 billion) from our intermediate holding companies through our day-to-day
     centralized cash management activities. Please refer to the line item “Cash received from internal companies” in the
     “Parent” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities —
     Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
     on pages 25–27 for the detail figures.

     Our day-to-day centralized cash management activities also cover the cash flow of the consolidated variable interest
     entities. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the consolidated variable interest entities repaid
     RMB3.3 billion, RMB8.4 billion and RMB8.9 billion (US$1.3 billion) to our intermediate holding companies. Please
     refer to the line item “Net repayment to internal companies” in the “Consolidated Variable Interest Entities”
     column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected
     Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 on
     pages 25–27 for the detail figures. The consolidated variable interest entities received repayment of RMB4.8 billion,
     RMB0.4 billion and RMB9.1 billion (US$1.3 billion) from our intermediate holding companies for the years ended
     December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Please refer to the line item “Cash received from internal
     companies” in the “Consolidated Variable Interest Entities” column of the tables titled “Financial Information
     Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information”
     for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 on pages 25–27 for the detail figures.




18   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




In March 2023, as we commenced our annual dividend policy, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.31 per ordinary
share, or US$0.62 per ADS, for an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.0 billion. In March 2024, we declared
an annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023 of US$0.38 per ordinary share, or US$0.76 per ADS,
for an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.2 billion. In March 2025, we declared an annual cash dividend for
the year ended December 31, 2024 of US$0.50 per ordinary share, or US$1.00 per ADS, for an aggregate amount
of approximately US$1.44 billion based on the number of shares on record date. In March 2026, we declared an
annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 of US$0.5 per ordinary share, or US$1.0 per ADS, for an
aggregate amount of approximately US$1.4 billion.

Under our annual dividend policy, we may choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, at an
amount determined in relation to our financial performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors. The
determination to make dividend distributions in any particular year will be made at the discretion of our board of
directors based upon factors such as our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, business strategies
and prospects, capital requirements, regulatory constraints to the extent relevant, availability of foreign currency and
other considerations that the board deems relevant. See “Financial Information — Consolidated Statements and
Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy.” For PRC and United States federal income tax considerations of an
investment in our ADSs, see “Additional Information — Taxation.”




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        19
     Part I (Continued)




     A.   Selected Financial Data
          Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
          The following table presents the condensed consolidating schedule of financial position for the consolidated
          variable interest entities and their subsidiaries (collectively, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities or VIEs) and
          other entities as of the dates presented.


          Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information


                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                             Primary
                                                                                      Beneficiaries of
                                                                                        Consolidated     Consolidated
                                                                                             Variable        Variable
                                                                          Other              Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                        Parent     Subsidiaries               Entities        Entities      Eliminations           Total

                                                                                              (RMB in millions)


          Net revenues                                      26        1,433,743               886,086         173,149         (1,183,919)      1,309,085

              Third-party revenues                          —         1,217,498                 3,098             88,489              —        1,309,085

              Inter-company revenues                        26          216,245               882,988             84,660      (1,183,919)             —

          Cost of revenues                                  —        (1,198,986)             (803,021)       (156,982)         1,059,932      (1,099,057)

          Fulfillment                                       —          (135,162)              (21,353)            (5,327)        73,666          (88,176)

          Marketing                                         (6)          (55,207)             (53,307)            (2,374)        26,941          (83,953)

          Research and development                          —            (21,569)             (18,327)            (5,319)        22,986          (22,229)

          General and administrative                    (1,546)           (4,593)              (4,500)            (1,735)           394          (11,980)

          Impairment of goodwill                            —             (1,303)                  —                  —               —           (1,303)

          Gain on sale of development
              properties                                    —                 387                  —                  —               —             387

          Income/(loss) from operations                 (1,526)          17,310               (14,422)             1,412              —            2,774

          Income from subsidiaries and VIEs             21,983                (334)            18,845                 —          (40,494)             —

          Other income/(expense), net                     (826)          13,627                 3,315              6,433              —           22,549

          Income before tax                             19,631           30,603                 7,738              7,845         (40,494)         25,323

          Income tax benefits/(expenses)                    —*            (5,109)               2,730               198               —           (2,181)

          Net income                                    19,631           25,494                10,468              8,043         (40,494)         23,142



          *       Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




20   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                       Part I (Continued)




                                                                          For the Year Ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                      Primary
                                                                              Beneficiaries of
                                                                                Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                     Variable          Variable
                                                                    Other             Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                               Parent      Subsidiaries               Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                       (RMB in millions)


Net revenues                                       11        1,193,200               787,655           166,067           (988,114)     1,158,819

    Third-party revenues                           —         1,049,575                  8,026          101,218                 —       1,158,819

    Inter-company revenues                         11          143,625               779,629               64,849        (988,114)             —

Cost of revenues                                   —        (1,006,914)              (722,765)        (146,871)          901,599        (974,951)

Fulfillment                                        —            (94,779)              (16,451)              (4,525)        45,329         (70,426)

Marketing                                          (5)          (35,647)              (28,336)              (4,518)        20,553         (47,953)

Research and development                           —            (15,919)              (16,302)              (5,200)        20,390         (17,031)

General and administrative                       (155)              (3,088)            (3,840)              (2,048)           243          (8,888)

Impairment of goodwill                             —                 (799)                 —                    —              —             (799)

Impairment of long-lived assets                    —                (1,562)                —                    —              —           (1,562)

Gain on sale of development
    properties                                     —                1,527                  —                    —              —           1,527

Income/(loss) from operations                    (149)          36,019                    (39)               2,905             —          38,736

Income from subsidiaries and VIEs              41,991               8,469             34,178                    —         (84,638)             —

Other income/(expense), net                      (483)              5,327               3,691                4,267             —          12,802

Income before tax                              41,359           49,815                37,830                 7,172        (84,638)        51,538

Income tax expenses                                —*               (5,230)              (739)                (909)            —           (6,878)

Net income                                     41,359           44,585                37,091                 6,263        (84,638)        44,660




*       Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025          21
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31, 2023

                                                                               Primary
                                                                       Beneficiaries of
                                                                         Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                              Variable          Variable
                                                              Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                              Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                (RMB in millions)


          Net revenues                            —       1,119,133           745,180           145,795           (925,446)     1,084,662

            Third-party revenues                  —        991,705               7,817              85,140              —       1,084,662

            Inter-company revenues                —        127,428            737,363               60,655        (925,446)             —

          Cost of revenues                        —        (947,261)          (690,707)        (130,540)          843,550        (924,958)

          Fulfillment                             —         (91,646)           (12,982)              (4,584)        44,654         (64,558)

          Marketing                               (4)       (35,231)           (17,495)              (3,970)        16,567         (40,133)

          Research and development                —         (15,662)           (16,345)              (4,853)        20,467         (16,393)

          General and administrative            (204)        (4,881)            (2,794)              (2,039)           208          (9,710)

          Impairment of goodwill                  —          (3,143)                —                    —              —           (3,143)

          Impairment of long-lived assets         —          (2,025)                —                    —              —           (2,025)

          Gain on sale of development
            properties                            —           2,283                 —                    —              —           2,283

          Income/(loss) from operations         (208)        21,567              4,857                 (191)            —          26,025

          Income from subsidiaries and VIEs   24,967         10,305              1,066                   —         (36,338)             —

          Other income/(expense), net           (591)        (1,328)             4,367                3,177             —           5,625

          Income before tax                   24,168         30,544            10,290                 2,986        (36,338)        31,650

          Income tax expenses                     (1)        (6,889)            (1,020)                (483)            —           (8,393)

          Net income                          24,167         23,655              9,270                2,503        (36,338)        23,257




22   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                       Part I (Continued)




Selected Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Information

                                                                        As of December 31, 2025

                                                                         Primary
                                                                  Beneficiaries of
                                                                   Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                         Variable        Variable
                                                         Other           Interest         Interest                   Consolidated
                                         Parent    Subsidiaries          Entities         Entities   Eliminations           Total

                                                                            (RMB in millions)


Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                  5,707        88,912             37,854           5,015              —          137,488

Restricted cash                               —          8,416              3,716                5             —           12,137

Short-term investments                        —         27,536             48,208               —              —           75,744

Accounts receivable, net                      —         22,363              1,679           3,291              —           27,333

Inventories, net                              —         33,965             55,809           5,654              —           95,428

Internal balance                           2,613         9,154             18,366               —         (30,133)             —

Investments in equity investees               —         30,132                595          21,251              —           51,978

Investments in subsidiaries and
  consolidated VIEs                      248,355        58,074             49,728               —        (356,157)             —

Marketable securities and other
  investments                                 —         38,329             13,487               24             —           51,840

Property, equipment and software, net         —         78,078              1,938          11,333              —           91,349

Operating lease right-of-use assets           —         21,709                107          10,849          (1,537)         31,128

Prepayments and other assets                 76         99,377             14,369           7,079            (125)        120,776

Total assets                             256,751       516,045           245,856           64,501        (387,952)        695,201


Liabilities

Short-term debts                              —          5,816              2,148               50             —            8,014

Accounts payable                              —         65,807           111,021           11,551              —          188,379

Internal balance                              —          9,815                 —           20,318         (30,133)             —

Operating lease liabilities                   —         22,643                108          11,699          (1,343)         33,107

Unsecured senior notes                    24,434            —                  —                —            (125)         24,309

Long-term debts                            7,029        30,646              4,000               —              —           41,675

Accrued expenses and other liabilities      248         70,914             20,247          14,525              —          105,934

Total liabilities                         31,711       205,641           137,524           58,143         (31,601)        401,418

Total shareholders’ equity               225,040       310,404           108,332            6,358        (356,351)        293,783

Total liabilities and shareholders’
  equity                                 256,751       516,045           245,856           64,501        (387,952)        695,201




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025          23
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                  As of December 31, 2024

                                                                                    Primary
                                                                             Beneficiaries of
                                                                               Consolidated     Consolidated
                                                                                    Variable         Variable
                                                                    Other           Interest          Interest                    Consolidated
                                                     Parent   Subsidiaries          Entities          Entities     Eliminations          Total

                                                                                       (RMB in millions)


          Assets

          Cash and cash equivalents                    646         61,277            37,857                8,570            —         108,350

          Restricted cash                                —          2,728             4,599                  39             —           7,366

          Short-term investments                      5,191        57,703            59,413                3,338            —         125,645

          Accounts receivable, net                       —         16,736              1,703               7,157            —          25,596

          Inventories, net                               —         32,012            52,541                4,773            —          89,326

          Internal balance                           35,639        31,489            20,745                   —        (87,873)            —

          Investments in equity investees                —         35,683              3,550          21,968            (4,351)        56,850

          Investments in subsidiaries and
            consolidated VIEs                       230,090        75,775            44,296                   —       (350,161)            —

          Marketable securities and other
            investments                                  —         12,866            45,417                1,087            —          59,370

          Property, equipment and software, net          —         67,953              1,854          12,930                —          82,737

          Operating lease right-of-use assets            —         14,909                 54          11,632            (2,063)        24,532

          Prepayments and other assets                  65         90,519            14,048           13,957              (127)       118,462

          Total assets                              271,631      499,650            286,077           85,451          (444,575)       698,234


          Liabilities

          Short-term debts                               —          3,591                 —                3,990            —           7,581

          Accounts payable                               —         61,059           120,202           11,599                —         192,860

          Internal balance                               —         35,632            24,820           27,421           (87,873)            —

          Operating lease liabilities                    —         15,265                 50          12,291            (1,894)        25,712

          Unsecured senior notes                     24,898            —                  —                   —           (128)        24,770

          Long-term debts                             7,188        24,517                 —                   —             —          31,705

          Accrued expenses and other liabilities       198         64,029            21,874           16,208                —         102,309

          Total liabilities                          32,284      204,093            166,946           71,509           (89,895)       384,937

          Mezzanine equity                               —            484                 —                   —             —             484

          Total shareholders’ equity                239,347      295,073            119,131           13,942          (354,680)       312,813

          Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
            shareholders’ equity                    271,631      499,650            286,077           85,451          (444,575)       698,234




24   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                    Part I (Continued)




Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information
                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                     Primary
                                                                              Beneficiaries of
                                                                                Consolidated     Consolidated
                                                                                     Variable        Variable
                                                                   Other              Interest       Interest                      Consolidated
                                                   Parent    Subsidiaries             Entities       Entities      Eliminations           Total
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                                (982)         89,249              10,721            1,343          (81,340)         18,991

Cash flows from investing activities
Decrease in time deposits and
 wealth management products, net                    5,023           5,452              42,240              400               —           53,115
Disposal of equity investments and
  investment securities                                —            2,467               3,363              264               —            6,094
Cash received from internal companies              32,872          29,606               8,250            9,079          (79,807)             —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress                —           (11,566)              (387)           (1,834)             —          (13,787)
Cash paid for asset acquisitions,
  net of cash acquired                                 —            (3,606)                  —               (1)             —           (3,607)
Other investing activities                             —            (1,704)             1,733               (35)            23              17

Net cash provided by investing activities          37,895          20,649              55,199            7,873          (79,784)         41,832

Cash flows from financing activities
Repurchase of ordinary shares                     (21,430)              —                    —               —               —          (21,430)
Increase/(decrease) in debts, net                      —            8,168               6,000            (3,900)             —           10,268
Net repayment to internal companies                    —           (41,951)           (28,954)           (8,902)        79,807               —
Cash paid for dividends                           (10,379)         (37,540)           (43,800)               —          81,340          (10,379)
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                                —            2,650                    —               —               —            2,650
Acquisition of additional equity interests
  in non-wholly owned subsidiaries                     —            (7,167)                  —               (8)             —           (7,175)
Other financing activities                             33            (625)                (52)                5             (23)           (662)

Net cash used in financing activities             (31,776)         (76,465)           (66,806)        (12,805)         161,124          (26,728)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                (76)           (110)                   —               —               —             (186)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash                    5,061          33,323                (886)           (3,589)             —           33,909
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year                                646          64,005              42,456            8,609               —          115,716

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within
  assets held for sale                              5,707          97,328              41,570            5,020               —          149,625
Less: cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at end of year                  —                —*               —                   —               —               —*

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                               5,707          97,328              41,570            5,020               —          149,625


*      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.


                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025            25
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                Primary
                                                                                         Beneficiaries of
                                                                                           Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                                Variable         Variable
                                                                                Other           Interest         Interest                     Consolidated
                                                             Parent       Subsidiaries          Entities         Entities      Eliminations           Total
                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

          Net cash provided by/(used in)
           operating activities                                (717)           61,391            62,343              10,968        (75,890)         58,095

          Cash flows from investing activities
          (Increase)/decrease in time deposits and
             wealth management products, net                 (2,141)           14,853              6,282               (939)            —           18,055
          Prepayments and investments in
            equity investees                                     —             (2,972)                 (1)             (173)            —           (3,146)
          Cash received from internal companies              18,773            39,719              8,396               367         (67,255)             —
          Cash paid for property, equipment,
            software and construction in progress                —             (9,848)              (502)            (2,851)            —          (13,201)
          Other investing activities                             —             (3,244)               409               114             142          (2,579)

          Net cash provided by/(used in)
           investing activities                              16,632            38,508            14,584              (3,482)       (67,113)           (871)

          Cash flows from financing activities
          Repurchase of ordinary shares                     (25,912)               —                  —                  —              —          (25,912)
          Increase/(decrease) in debts, net                      —              1,366                 —                (991)            —              375
          Net repayment to internal companies                    —            (19,140)           (39,719)            (8,396)        67,255              —
          Cash paid for dividends                            (8,263)          (44,867)           (31,023)                —          75,890          (8,263)
          Proceeds from unsecured senior notes,
            net of issuance costs                            13,999                —                  —                  —              —           13,999
          Other financing activities                             27              (693)                —                (395)          (142)         (1,203)

          Net cash used in financing activities             (20,149)          (63,334)          (70,742)             (9,782)      143,003          (21,004)

          Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
            cash equivalents and restricted cash                 92                 6                 —                  —              —               98

          Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
           equivalents and restricted cash                   (4,142)           36,571              6,185             (2,296)            —           36,318
          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
            at beginning of year                              4,788            27,434            36,271              10,905             —           79,398

          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
            at end of year, including cash and
            cash equivalents classified within
            assets held for sale                                646            64,005            42,456               8,609             —         115,716
          Less: cash, cash equivalents and
            restricted cash classified within
            assets held for sale at end of year                  —                 —*                 —                  —              —               —*

          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
            cash at end of year                                 646            64,005            42,456               8,609             —         115,716



          *   Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




26   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
                                                                              Primary
                                                                      Beneficiaries of
                                                                        Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                             Variable         Variable
                                                             Other           Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                             Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities        Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                               (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                          (765)        43,657            75,882                3,291        (62,544)         59,521

Cash flows from investing activities
Increase in time deposits and
  wealth management products, net            (2,833)       (35,205)           (12,585)               (722)            —          (51,345)
Prepayments and investments in
  equity investees                               —            (555)              (597)               (230)            —           (1,382)
Cash received from internal companies        12,633         36,177              3,266               4,804        (56,880)             —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress          —         (10,487)              (448)             (4,096)            —          (15,031)
Other investing activities                       —           3,543             (9,501)              3,568         10,605           8,215

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 investing activities                         9,800         (6,527)           (19,865)              3,324        (46,275)        (59,543)

Cash flows from financing activities
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                          —           1,835                 —                   —              —            1,835
Increase/(decrease) in debts, net                —           2,458             (1,800)              2,455             —            3,113
Net repayment to internal companies              —         (17,437)           (36,177)             (3,266)        56,880              —
Cash paid for dividends                      (6,741)       (45,859)           (16,685)                 —          62,544          (6,741)
Other financing activities                   (2,464)         9,043                100                 (89)       (10,605)         (4,015)

Net cash used in financing activities        (9,205)       (49,960)           (54,562)               (900)      108,819           (5,808)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash          (71)           196                 —                   —              —              125

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash               (241)       (12,634)             1,455               5,715             —           (5,705)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year                        5,029         40,121            34,816                5,190             —           85,156

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within
  assets held for sale                        4,788         27,487            36,271               10,905             —           79,451
Less: cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at end of year            —              53                 —                   —              —               53

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                         4,788         27,434            36,271               10,905             —           79,398



A subsidiary of Suqian Jingdong Bohai Business Management Co., Ltd. (Suqian Jingdong Bohai) has changed its
business scope. As such, it no longer has the necessity to maintain the relevant qualifications under the variable
interest entity structure. Consequently, Suqian Jingdong Bohai and its subsidiaries were removed from the
variable interest entity structure as of March 2025.



                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025            27
     Part I (Continued)




     B.   Capitalization and Indebtedness
          Not applicable.


     C.   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds
          Not applicable.


     D.   Risk Factors
          Risks Related to Our Business
          If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects
          may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our business has continued to grow in recent years, and we expect continued growth in our business and
          revenues. We plan to further invest in technologies, expand our fulfillment infrastructure and increase our
          product and service offerings. For example, in 2025, we recruited new employees in connection with the
          expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure and strengthening of our supply chain-based technology and service
          capability. We will continue to invest resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. We also
          plan to continue to build our warehouses and establish new fulfillment facilities in additional locations across
          China, including smaller, less developed areas. In addition, as we continue to increase our product and service
          offerings, we will need to work with a large number of new suppliers and third-party merchants efficiently and
          establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our existing and new suppliers and third-party
          merchants. To support our growth, we also plan to implement a variety of new and upgraded managerial,
          operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and controls. All these efforts will require
          significant managerial, financial and human resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively
          manage our growth or to implement all these systems, procedures and control measures successfully or
          that our new business initiatives will be successful. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our
          strategies effectively, our expansion may not be successful and our business and prospects may be materially
          and adversely affected.


          If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially
          and adversely affected.
          The success of our business hinges on our ability to provide superior customer experience, which in turn
          depends on a variety of factors. These factors include our ability to continue to offer authentic products at
          competitive prices, source products to respond to customer demands, maintain the quality of our products and
          services, attract and regulate third-party merchants on our online marketplace, and provide timely and reliable
          delivery, flexible payment options and superior after-sales service.




28   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We rely primarily on our own fulfillment infrastructure, and to a lesser extent on third-party couriers, to deliver
our products. Interruptions or failures in our delivery services or third-party couriers could prevent the timely or
successful delivery of our products. These interruptions may be due to unforeseen events that are beyond our
control or the control of our third-party couriers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks,
transportation disruptions or labor unrest. If our products are not delivered on time or are delivered in a damaged
state, customers may refuse to accept our products and have less confidence in our services. Furthermore,
our own delivery personnel and those of third-party couriers act on our behalf and, in most instances, interact
with our customers personally. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to
deliver our products to our customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure and for
a portion of our bulky item deliveries, and we need to effectively manage these third-party service providers
to ensure the quality of customer services. We have in the past received customer complaints from time to
time regarding our delivery and return and exchange services. In addition, we have opened our fulfillment
infrastructure by offering logistics services to third parties. If we are not able to manage our logistics services
successfully, opening these services to third parties could divert the resources available to our retail business
and affect customer experience. Any failure to provide high-quality delivery services to our customers may
negatively impact the shopping experience of our customers, damage our reputation and cause us to lose
customers. In certain instances, our customers may be referred to our affiliates when using our services. Even
though we do not necessarily have control over these affiliates, any negative customer experience associated
with them may adversely affect our brand and reputation.


We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Wuhan, Chengdu and Datong, handling all kinds of
customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services. There is no assurance that we will be
able to maintain a low turnover rate of existing employees and provide sufficient training to new employees to
meet our standards of customer service or that an influx of less experienced personnel will not dilute the quality
of our customer service. If our customer service representatives fail to provide satisfactory service, or if waiting
times are too long due to the high volume of calls from customers at peak times, our brand and customer loyalty
may be adversely affected. In addition, any negative publicity or poor feedback regarding our customer service
may harm our brand and reputation and in turn cause us to lose customers and market share.


Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the
online retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations.
We generate the majority of our revenues from online retail. Our future results of operations will depend on
numerous factors affecting the development of the online retail industry in China, which may be beyond our
control. These factors include:


•   the growth of internet, broadband, personal computer and mobile penetration and usage in China, and the
    rate of any such growth;


•   the consumers’ trust and confidence level towards online retail in China, as well as changes in customer
    demographics and consumer tastes and preferences;


•   the selection, price and popularity of products as well as promotions that we and our competitors offer online;



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        29
     Part I (Continued)




          •    whether alternative retail channels or business models that better address the needs of consumers emerge
               in China; and


          •    the development of fulfillment, payment and other ancillary services associated with online purchases.


          A decline in the popularity of online shopping in general, or any failure by us to adapt our mobile apps and
          websites and to improve the online shopping experience of our customers in response to trends and consumer
          requirements, may adversely affect our net revenues and business prospects.


          Furthermore, the retail industry is very sensitive to macroeconomic changes, and retail purchases tend to
          decline during recessionary periods. The majority of our net revenues are derived from retail sales in China.
          Many factors outside of our control, including inflation and deflation, currency exchange rate fluctuation, volatility
          of stock and property markets, interest rates, tax rates and other government policies and unemployment rates
          can adversely affect consumer confidence and spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect
          our growth and profitability. Unfavorable developments in domestic and international politics, including military
          conflicts, political turmoil and social instability, may also adversely affect consumer confidence and reduce
          spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our growth and profitability.


          Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of
          operations.
          We believe that the recognition and reputation of our JD (京東) brand among our customers, suppliers and
          third-party merchants have contributed significantly to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and
          enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand are critical to our business and competitiveness. Many
          factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintaining and enhancing our brand. These
          factors include our ability to:


          •    provide a compelling shopping experience to customers;


          •    maintain the popularity, attractiveness, diversity, quality and authenticity of the products we offer;


          •    maintain the efficiency, reliability and quality of our fulfillment services;


          •    maintain or improve customers’ satisfaction with our after-sale services;


          •    support third-party merchants to provide satisfactory customer experience through our online marketplace;


          •    increase brand awareness through marketing and brand promotion activities; and


          •    preserve our reputation and goodwill in the event of any negative publicity, including those on customer
               service, customer and supplier relationships, internet security, product quality, price or authenticity, or other
               issues affecting us or other online retail businesses in China.




30   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




A public perception that non-authentic, counterfeit or defective goods are sold on our mobile apps and websites
or that we or third-party service providers do not provide satisfactory customer service, even if factually incorrect
or based on isolated incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brand, undermine the
trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract new customers
or retain our current customers. If we are unable to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or
increase positive awareness of our websites, products and services, as well as products sold by third-party
merchants through our online marketplace, it may be difficult to maintain and grow our customer base, and our
business and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Any actual or alleged illegal activities by our employees (including our senior management) could subject us to
liability or negative publicity. These activities may also affect our employees’ ability or willingness to continue
to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to our company and negatively affect our brand and
reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.


If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to attract purchases from new customers and existing
customers. Constantly changing consumer preferences have affected and will continue to affect the retail
industry, in particular the online retail industry. We must stay abreast of emerging consumer preferences and
anticipate product trends that will appeal to existing and potential customers. We have been making progress in
leveraging artificial intelligence, or AI, technologies to generate personalized recommendations to customers for
products in which they may be interested. Each product page typically has recommendations of similar products
or other products that are often purchased together with that product. In addition, our mobile apps and websites
make recommendations to customers according to a comprehensive dataset compiled based on customers’
shopping behavior. Our ability to make individually tailored recommendations is dependent on our business
intelligence system, which tracks, collects and analyzes our users’ browsing and purchasing behavior, to provide
accurate and reliable information. Our customers choose to purchase products on our mobile apps and websites
due in part to the attractive prices that we offer, and they may choose to shop elsewhere if we cannot match
the prices offered by other websites or by physical stores, or if we cannot maintain a steady supply of products
they desire. If our customers cannot find their desired products on our mobile apps and websites at attractive
prices, they may lose interest in us and visit our mobile apps and websites less frequently or even stop visiting
our mobile apps and websites altogether, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         31
     Part I (Continued)




          If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our
          business prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
          We believe that our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure, consisting of strategically located warehouses
          and delivery and pickup stations, is essential to our success. As of December 31, 2025, our warehouse network
          covered almost all counties and districts across China, consisting of over 1,600 warehouses operated by us
          and over 2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party warehouse owner-operators under JD Logistics Open
          Warehouse Platform. As of December 31, 2025, our warehouse network had an aggregate gross floor area of
          over 34 million square meters, including the gross floor area of the cloud warehouses under JD Logistics Open
          Warehouse Platform. We are constructing our warehouses to increase our storage capacity and to restructure
          and reorganize our fulfillment workflow and processes. We also plan to continue the establishment of fulfillment
          facilities at additional locations, including those smaller and less developed areas, to further enhance our ability
          to deliver products to customers directly ourselves. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability
          and expand our reach to those smaller, less-developed areas, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly
          complex and challenging to operate. We cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire land use rights and
          set up warehouses, or lease suitable facilities for the delivery stations, on commercially acceptable terms or
          at all. Moreover, the order density in those smaller, less developed areas may not be sufficient to allow us
          to operate our own delivery network in a cost-efficient manner. We may not be able to recruit a sufficient
          number of qualified employees in connection with the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure. In addition, the
          expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure may strain our managerial, financial, operational and other resources.
          If we fail to manage such expansion successfully, our growth potential, business and results of operations
          may be materially and adversely affected. Even if we manage the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure
          successfully, it may not give us the competitive advantage that we expect if improved third-party fulfillment
          services become widely available at reasonable prices to retailers in China.


          We face intense competition. We may lose market share and customers if we fail to compete effectively.
          The retail industry in China, in particular the online retail industry, is intensely competitive. We compete for
          customers, orders, products and third-party merchants. Our current or potential competitors include major
          e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, major
          traditional retailers in China that are moving into online retailing, online retail companies in China focused on
          specific product categories, and physical retail stores including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop
          shopping experience. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Competition.” In addition,
          new and enhanced technologies may increase the competition in the retail industry. New competitive business
          models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.


          Increased competition may reduce our margins and market share and impact brand recognition, or result in
          significant losses. When we set prices, we have to consider how competitors have set prices for the same or
          similar products. When they cut prices or offer additional benefits to compete with us, we may have to lower
          our own prices or offer additional benefits or risk losing market share, either of which could harm our financial
          condition and results of operations.




32   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
supplier relationships, larger customer bases, higher penetration in certain regions or greater financial, technical
or marketing resources than we do. Those smaller companies or new entrants may be acquired by, receive
investment from or enter into strategic relationships with well-established and well-financed companies or
investors which would help enhance their competitive positions. Some of our competitors may be able to secure
more favorable terms from suppliers, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt
more aggressive pricing or inventory policies and devote substantially more resources to their websites, mobile
apps and systems development than us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material and adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.


Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may
expose us to new challenges and more risks.
Since our inception, we have expanded our product offerings to include a wide range of products including
apparel and footwear, bags, watches, jewelry, household goods, cosmetics, personal care products, baby and
maternity products, food and beverages, fresh produce, fitness equipment, autoparts, pharmaceutical products,
nutritional supplements, healthcare equipment, industrial products, and books and virtual goods. Expansion into
diverse new product categories and substantially increased number of products and stock keeping units involves
new risks and challenges. Our lack of familiarity with new products and lack of relevant customer data relating
to such products may make it more difficult for us to anticipate customer demand and preferences. We may
misjudge customer demand, resulting in inventory buildup and possibly inventory write-down. It may also make
it more difficult for us to inspect and control quality and ensure proper handling, storage and delivery in new
product categories. We may experience higher return rates on new products, receive more customer complaints
about them and face costly product liability claims as a result of selling them, which would harm our brand and
reputation as well as our financial performance. Furthermore, we may not have much purchasing power in new
categories of products and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms with suppliers. We may need to
price aggressively to gain market share or remain competitive in new categories. It may be difficult for us to
achieve profitability in the new product categories and our profit margin, if any, may be lower than we anticipate,
which would adversely affect our overall profitability and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to recoup our investments in introducing these new product categories.


If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
may be materially and adversely affected.
Our scale and business model require us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We depend on
our demand forecasts for various kinds of products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory.
Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date by
which we target to sell it. Demand may be affected by seasonality, new product launches, changes in product
cycles and pricing, product defects, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with
respect to our products and other factors, and our customers may not order products in the quantities that we
expect. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish supplier relationships,
determine appropriate product selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of
inventory may require significant lead time and prepayment, and they may not be returnable.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        33
     Part I (Continued)




          As of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, our net inventories amounted to RMB68,058 million,
          RMB89,326 million and RMB95,428 million (US$13,646 million), respectively. Our annual inventory turnover
          days were 30.3 days in 2023, 31.5 days in 2024, and 37.8 days in 2025. Annual inventory turnover days are
          the quotient of average inventory over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last
          quarter of the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied
          by 360 days. As we plan to continue expanding our product offerings, we expect to include more products in
          our inventory, which will make it more challenging for us to manage our inventory effectively and will put more
          pressure on our warehousing system.


          If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory
          obsolescence, a decline in inventory values, and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, we
          may be required to lower sale prices in order to reduce inventory level, which may lead to lower gross margins.
          High inventory levels may also require us to commit substantial capital resources, preventing us from using
          that capital for other important purposes. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our results of
          operations and financial condition.


          On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, or if our suppliers fail to supply quality
          products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which might result in missed sales,
          diminished brand loyalty and lost revenues, any of which could harm our business and reputation.


          We may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
          We generated net income of RMB23,257 million, RMB44,660 million and RMB23,142 million (US$3,309 million)
          in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate net
          income in the future. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability depends in large part on our ability to
          increase our gross margin by obtaining more favorable terms from our suppliers as our business further grows
          in scale, managing our product mix, expanding our online marketplace and offering value-added services with
          higher margins. Our investment in new businesses, such as our strategic investment and increased spending
          in promotional efforts for new business initiatives in 2025, may continue to adversely affect our profitability in
          the near term. We also intend to continue to invest for the foreseeable future in our technology platform and
          fulfillment infrastructure to support an even larger selection of products and to offer additional value-added
          services. As a result of the foregoing, we may not be able to maintain our profitability in the future.


          If we are unable to conduct our marketing activities cost-effectively, our results of operations and
          financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
          We have incurred significant expenses on a variety of different marketing and brand promotion efforts designed
          to enhance our brand recognition and increase sales of our products. Our brand promotion and marketing
          activities may not be well received by customers and may not result in the levels of product sales that we
          anticipate. We incurred RMB40,133 million, RMB47,953 million and RMB83,953 million (US$12,005 million)
          of marketing expenses, representing 3.7%, 4.1% and 6.4% of our total net revenues in 2023, 2024 and 2025,
          respectively. Marketing approaches and tools in the consumer products market in China are evolving. This
          further requires us to enhance our marketing approaches and experiment with new marketing methods to keep




34   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




pace with industry developments and customer preferences. Failure to refine our existing marketing approaches
or to introduce new marketing approaches in a cost-effective manner could reduce our market share, cause our
net revenues to decline and negatively impact our profitability.


If we fail to manage and expand our relationships with suppliers, or otherwise fail to procure products
on favorable terms, our business and growth prospects may suffer.
We source products from suppliers for our retail business. Our suppliers include domestic and cross-border
manufacturers, distributors and resellers. Maintaining strong relationships with these suppliers is important
to the growth of our business. In particular, we depend significantly on our ability to procure products from
suppliers on favorable pricing terms. We typically enter into one-year framework agreements with suppliers on
an annual basis, and these framework agreements do not ensure the availability of products or the continuation
of particular pricing practices or payment terms beyond the end of the contractual term. In addition, our
agreements with suppliers typically do not restrict the suppliers from selling products to other buyers. We
cannot assure you that our current suppliers will continue to sell products to us on commercially acceptable
terms, or at all, after the term of the current agreement expires. Even if we maintain good relationships with
our suppliers, their ability to supply products to us in sufficient quantity and at competitive prices may be
adversely affected by economic conditions, labor actions, regulatory or legal decisions, customs and import
restrictions, natural disasters or other causes. In the event that we are not able to purchase merchandise at
favorable prices, our revenues and cost of revenues may be materially and adversely affected. In the event
any distributor or reseller does not have authority from the manufacturer to sell certain products to us, such
distributor or reseller may cease selling such products to us at any time. In addition, our annual accounts payable
turnover days for retail business were 53.2 days in 2023, 58.6 days in 2024 and 60.0 days in 2025, respectively.
Annual accounts payable turnover days are the quotient of average accounts payable for retail business over
the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to cost of
revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days. If our suppliers cease to
provide us with favorable payment terms, our requirements for working capital may increase and our operations
may be materially and adversely affected. We will also need to establish new supplier relationships to ensure
that we have access to a steady supply of products on favorable commercial terms. If we are unable to develop
and maintain good relationships with suppliers that would allow us to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of
authentic and quality merchandise on acceptable commercial terms, it may inhibit our ability to offer sufficient
products sought by our customers, or to offer these products at competitive prices. Any adverse developments
in our relationships with suppliers could materially and adversely affect our business and growth prospects.
Any disputes with suppliers could adversely affect our reputation and subject us to damages and negative
publicity. In addition, as part of our growth strategy, we plan to further expand our product offerings. If we fail to
attract new suppliers to sell their products to us due to any reason, our business and growth prospects may be
materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         35
     Part I (Continued)




          Any interruption in the operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other
          additional warehouses, delivery stations or pickup stations for an extended period may have an adverse
          impact on our business.
          Our ability to process and fulfill orders accurately and provide high-quality customer service depends on
          the smooth and safe operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other additional
          warehouses, and our delivery and pickup stations. Our fulfillment infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage
          caused by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other
          events. If any of our regional fulfillment centers were to operate at a lower capacity or rendered incapable of
          operations, then we may be unable to fulfill any orders in a timely manner or at all in any of the provinces that
          rely on that center. In addition, those events that could damage our fulfillment infrastructure, such as fire and
          flood, may also result in damages to our inventory stored in or delivered through our fulfillment infrastructure,
          and in such event, we would incur losses as a result. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could have a
          material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.


          Safe operations are critical to us. Our operations of warehouses and delivery services are also subject to various
          laws and regulations on safety, such as the Work Safety Law which requires, among other things, that the
          production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform economy shall, based on
          the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and implement a responsibility
          system for the work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and training on work safety for
          employees. See “Business Overview — Regulations — Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer
          Protection and Operation Safety” for more details. If we fail to ensure safety in the operations of our fulfillment
          infrastructure or road transportation, we may suffer from the adverse impact of accidents happened in our
          workspace or in transit, which could result in personal injury and loss of property and subject us to fines,
          penalties or mandatory corrective measures imposed by government authorities for violation of laws and
          regulations on safety. The occurrence of such accidents could materially and adversely affect our business,
          reputation, financial condition and results of operations.


          We may not be able to recoup the investments we make to expand and upgrade our fulfillment and
          technology capabilities.
          We have invested significant resources in expanding and will continue to expand our fulfillment infrastructure
          and upgrade our technology platform. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform
          during the same periods. We expect to continue to invest in our fulfillment and technology capabilities for a
          number of years. We also intend to continue to add resources to our fulfillment infrastructure and upgrade our
          technology platform as we focus on expanding our product selection and offering new services. We are likely
          to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the
          return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We may not be able
          to recover our capital expenditures or investments, in part or in full, or the recovery of these capital expenditures
          or investments may take longer than expected. As a result, the carrying value of the related assets may be
          subject to an impairment charge, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation.




36   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Moreover, our heavy investment in building our own fulfillment infrastructure may put us at a competitive
disadvantage against those competitors who primarily rely on third-party fulfillment services and focus their
investment on improving other aspects of their businesses. We have designed our own fulfillment infrastructure
to satisfy our business and operation requirements and to accommodate our fast growth, but there is no
guarantee that we will be successful in meeting our objectives or that our own fulfillment structure will function
more effectively and efficiently than third-party solutions.


We use third-party couriers to deliver some orders, and our third-party merchants use couriers to deliver
a significant number of orders. If these couriers fail to provide reliable delivery services, our business and
reputation may be materially and adversely affected.
We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to deliver our products to our
customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure, particularly in smaller and less
developed areas. We may also use third-party service providers to ship products from our regional fulfillment
centers or front distribution centers to delivery stations or to deliver bulky item products. Third-party merchants
also use third-party couriers if they do not make use of our delivery services. Interruptions to or failures in these
third parties’ delivery services could prevent the timely or proper delivery of our products to customers. These
interruptions may be due to events that are beyond our control or the control of these delivery companies, such
as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks, transportation disruptions or labor unrest. In addition, if
our third-party couriers fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations in China, our delivery services may be
materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to find alternative delivery companies to provide delivery
services in a timely and reliable manner, or at all. Delivery of our products could also be affected or interrupted
by the merger, acquisition, insolvency or government shut-down of the delivery companies we engage to make
deliveries, especially those local companies with relatively small business scales. If our products are not delivered
in proper condition or on a timely basis, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.


Our online marketplace is subject to risks associated with third-party merchants.
We do not have as much control over the storage and delivery of products sold on our online marketplace as we
do over the products that we sell directly ourselves. Many of our third-party merchants use their own facilities
to store their products, and many of them use their own or third-party delivery systems to deliver their products
to our customers, which makes it more difficult for us to ensure that our customers get the same high-quality
service for all products sold on our mobile apps and websites. If any third-party merchant does not control
the quality of the products that it sells on our mobile apps and websites, fails to timely deliver the products
to customers, delivers products that are faulty or materially different from description, sells counterfeit or
unlicensed products, or sells products without licenses or permits as required by the laws and regulations even
though we have requested such licenses or permits in our standard form contract with the third-party merchant,
the reputation of our online marketplace and our JD brand may be materially and adversely affected and we
could face claims to hold us liable for the losses. Moreover, despite our efforts to prevent it, some products
sold on our online marketplace may compete with the products we sell directly, which may cannibalize our
online retail. In addition, the supplier relationships, customer acquisition dynamics and other requirements for
our online marketplace may not be the same as those for our online retail operations, which may complicate the
management of our business. In order for our online marketplace to be successful, we must continue to identify
and attract third-party merchants, and we may not be successful in this regard.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         37
     Part I (Continued)




          Failure to deal effectively with any fictitious transactions or other fraudulent conduct would materially
          and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
          We may face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our online marketplace. Although we have
          implemented various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities on our marketplace,
          there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or
          improving overall satisfaction among third-party merchants and customers. In addition to fraudulent transactions
          with legitimate customers, sellers may also engage in fictitious or “phantom” transactions with themselves
          or collaborators in order to artificially inflate their own ratings on our online marketplace, reputation and search
          results rankings. This activity may harm other sellers by enabling the perpetrating seller to be favored over
          legitimate sellers, and may harm our customers by deceiving them into believing that a seller is more reliable
          or trusted than the seller actually is. This activity may also result in inflated transaction volume from our online
          marketplace. Moreover, illegal, fraudulent or collusive activities by our employees, such as fraud, bribery or
          corruption, could also subject us to liability or negative publicity or cause losses. Although we have internal
          controls and policies with regard to the review and approval of sales activities and other relevant matters, we
          cannot assure you that such controls and policies will prevent fraud or illegal activity by our employees. For
          example, Dada announced on January 8, 2024 and March 5, 2024 that, during its routine internal audit process,
          certain suspicious practices were identified that may cast doubt on certain revenues from its online advertising
          and marketing services. See “— Strategic alliances, investments or acquisitions may have a material and
          adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.” Negative publicity and
          user sentiment generated as a result of actual or alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct on our platform or by
          our employees would severely diminish consumer confidence in us, reduce our ability to attract new or retain
          current third-party merchants and customers, damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand names,
          and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

          Strategic alliances, investments or acquisitions may have a material and adverse effect on our business,
          reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
          We may enter into strategic alliances with various third parties to facilitate the achievement of our business
          purposes from time to time. Strategic alliances with third parties could subject us to a number of risks, including
          risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the counterparty, and an increase
          in expenses incurred in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect
          our business. We may have little ability to control or monitor their actions. To the extent the third parties
          suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputations from events relating to their business, we may also suffer
          negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with such third parties.

          In addition, we have in the past invested in or acquired additional assets, technologies or businesses that are
          complementary to our existing business. Since 2023, such investments and acquisitions include:

          a.    our subsequent investments in and privatization of Dada Nexus Limited, or Dada, a leading local on-demand
                delivery and retail platform in China previously listed on Nasdaq, following our acquisition in 2022. We
                completed the privatization of Dada in June 2025;

          b.    our subsequent investments in Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD., or Kuayue-Express, a renowned modern
                integrated express transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express service” in China,
                following our acquisition in 2020; and


38   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




c.   our subsequent investments in, and the privatization of, Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd, or Deppon, an
     integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range of solutions including Less-Than-
     Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery services, and warehousing
     management previously listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, following our acquisition in 2022. We
     completed our privatization of Deppon in March 2026.


See “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Major Investments.” We
expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall
business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, technologies,
services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments, joint ventures and alliances.


If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may continue to do so in the future. Investments
or acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own would require
significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing
business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. The costs of identifying and
consummating investments and acquisitions may be significant. We may also incur significant expenses in
obtaining necessary approvals from government authorities in China and elsewhere in the world. In addition,
investments and acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. The cost
and duration of integrating newly acquired businesses could also materially exceed our expectations. Any such
negative developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.


Our financial results could be adversely affected by our investments or acquisitions. The investments and
acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. They could result in occurrence
of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges, and amortization expenses for other intangible
assets. As of December 31, 2025, we had net intangible assets of RMB7.7 billion (US$1.1 billion) and goodwill
of RMB26.3 billion (US$3.8 billion). In the event that a decline in fair value below the carrying value of our equity
method investments is other-than-temporary, or the carrying amount of a reporting unit to which goodwill is
allocated exceeds its fair value, we may have to record actual or potential impairment charges of investments
in equity investees or intangible assets and goodwill recorded in connection with invested businesses. We
may not always be able to receive gains from the equity method investments. If the investments that we
account for using the equity method were in a loss position, we would pick up their loss in our consolidated
statement of operations. We may continue to incur impairment charges in connection with our investments or
acquisitions and pick up the losses by our equity investments, which could depress our profitability and have a
material adverse impact on our financial results. We measure long-term investments other than equity method
investments at fair value through earnings, which could vary significantly year to year. We recorded a loss of
RMB0.9 billion in 2023, and we recorded gains of RMB1.4 billion and RMB0.4 billion (US$0.1 billion) resulting
from the fair value change in long-term investments in 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         39
     Part I (Continued)




          In addition, we may be subject to risks associated with actual or alleged fictitious transactions or other
          fraudulent conduct, as well as non-compliant actions, by any company we acquire or invest in. We may have
          limited experience in these acquired business or investments, and these acquired companies or investees
          may not adopt our protocols and policies appropriately. As such, we cannot assure you that our protocols and
          policies will prevent these fraudulent conducts or non-compliant actions. These and other risks could also lead
          to negative publicity, litigation, government inquiries, investigations or actions against the companies we invest
          in or acquire, or even against our other businesses, and may force us to incur significant additional expenses
          and allocate significant management and human resources to rectify or improve these companies’ corporate
          governance standards or internal controls and systems. For example, Dada announced on January 8, 2024 and
          March 5, 2024 that, during its routine internal audit process, certain suspicious practices were identified that
          may cast doubt on certain revenues from its online advertising and marketing services. In response, the audit
          committee of Dada’s board of directors, with the assistance of independent professional advisers, initiated an
          independent review, which was substantially completed in March 2024. On January 10, 2024, Dada and certain
          of its former executives were named as defendants in a putative securities class action in the U.S. District
          Court for the Central District of California. Plaintiff alleges that the defendants made misleading statements
          or omissions regarding Dada’s business operations and financials. Dada and other parties involved in the class
          action under the caption Yan Wang v. Dada Nexus Limited et al, No. 2:22-cv-00239, including JD.com, Inc.,
          reached a settlement that was granted final approval by the court in March 2025.

          We may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings.
          We may be subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings inside and outside China relating to matters such as
          third-party and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving third-party merchants
          and consumers on our platforms, consumer protection claims, claims relating to anti-monopoly or anti-unfair
          competition laws, claims relating to data and privacy protection, employment related cases, cross-border payment
          and settlement disputes, internet advertising and other matters in the ordinary course of our business. As we
          routinely enter into business contracts with our suppliers, third-party merchants and consumers on our platform,
          we have been and may continue to be involved in legal proceedings arising from contract disputes or other civil
          disputes, including being named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed against our suppliers by third parties.

          We anticipate that we will continue to be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings in the
          future incidental to our ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in
          our defense or reverse any unfavorable judgment, ruling or decision against us. In addition, we may decide to
          enter into settlements that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

          As our business expands, including into new business areas and across jurisdictions, we may encounter
          a variety of these proceedings, including those brought against us pursuant to anti-monopoly or unfair
          competitions laws or involving higher amounts of alleged damages. Laws, rules and regulations may vary in
          their scope and overseas laws and regulations may impose requirements that are more stringent than, or
          which conflict with, those in China. We have acquired and may acquire companies that may become subject to
          litigation, as well as regulatory proceedings. In addition, in connection with litigation or regulatory proceedings
          we may be subject to in various jurisdictions, we may be prohibited by laws, regulations or government
          authorities in one jurisdiction from complying with subpoenas, orders or other requests from courts or regulators
          of other jurisdictions, including those relating to data held in or with respect to persons in these jurisdictions.
          Our failure or inability to comply with the subpoenas, orders or requests could subject us to fines, penalties or
          other legal liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations
          and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

40   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




As publicly-listed companies, we and our publicly-listed subsidiaries may face additional exposure to claims and
lawsuits, including securities law class actions, other federal securities law litigation and regulatory inquiries
and investigations. We and our publicly-listed subsidiaries will need to defend against these actions, including
any appeals should our initial defense be successful. The litigation process may utilize a material portion of our
cash resources and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of
which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we will prevail in any of these cases, and any
adverse outcome of these cases could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results
of operations. In addition, although we have obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, the insurance
coverage may not be adequate to cover our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers, fund a settlement
of litigation in excess of insurance coverage or pay an adverse judgment in litigation. Certain of our directors
may be subject to alleged class actions due to their current or previous directorships in other listed companies.
Our directors and executive officers may also face litigation or proceedings (including alleged or future securities
class action) unrelated to their respective capacity as a director or executive officer of our company, and such
litigation or proceedings may adversely affect our public image and reputation.


The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation, limit our ability to
conduct our business in the affected areas and adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or ADSs. The outcome of any claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any
event defending against these claims could be both costly and time-consuming, and could significantly divert
the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination in any litigation,
investigation or proceeding could cause us to pay damages, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to
conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we operate.


Our success depends on the continuing and collaborative efforts of our management team, and our
business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our management. In particular, we rely on the
expertise and experience of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman, and our executive officers. If one or
more of our senior managements were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we might not
be able to replace them easily or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected. If any of our senior management joins a competitor or forms a competing
business, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Our senior
management has entered into employment agreements and confidentiality and non-competition agreements
with us. However, if any dispute arises between our officers and us, we may have to incur substantial costs and
expenses in order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce them at all. In addition,
we do not have key-man insurance for any of our executive officers or other key personnel. Events or activities
attributed to our executive officers or other key personnel, and related publicity, whether or not justified, may
affect their ability or willingness to continue to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to
our company and negatively affect our brand and reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        41
     Part I (Continued)




          If we are unable to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling
          our labor costs, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel,
          particularly technical, fulfillment, marketing and other operational personnel with experience. Our experienced
          mid-level managers are instrumental in implementing our business strategies, executing our business plans
          and supporting our business operations and growth. The effective operation of our managerial and operating
          systems, fulfillment infrastructure, customer service center and other back office functions also depends on
          the hard work and quality performance of our management and employees. Since our industry is characterized
          by high demand and intense competition for talent and labor, we can provide no assurance that we will be able
          to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our strategic
          objectives. Failure to obtain stable and dedicated warehousing, delivery personnel and other labor support may
          lead to underperformance of these functions and cause disruption to our business. Because we operate our
          own fulfillment infrastructure, which requires a large and rapidly growing work force, our cost structure is more
          vulnerable to labor costs than that of many of our competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage.
          Therefore, to maintain and enhance our competitiveness, we may from time to time need to adjust certain
          elements of our operations in response to evolving economic conditions and business needs. These
          adjustments, however, may not be sufficient to allow us to address the various challenges we face or improve
          our results of operations and financial performance as expected. Furthermore, if the compensation package
          offered is not competitive in the market, we may not be able to provide sufficient incentives to or maintain
          stable and dedicated warehousing, delivery personnel and other labor support. Any failure to address these
          risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance
          and our prospects of achieving profitability. In addition, our ability to train and integrate new employees into our
          operations may also be limited and may not meet the demand for our business growth on a timely fashion, or at
          all, and rapid expansion may impair our ability to maintain our corporate culture.


          We may have conflicts of interest with our subsidiaries that are stand-alone public companies.
          Certain of our subsidiaries have become stand-alone public companies. On December 8, 2020, shares of
          JD Health, our consolidated subsidiary, commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange under the stock code “6618.” On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics, our consolidated subsidiary,
          commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” On
          December 11, 2025, shares of JD Industrials, our consolidated subsidiary, commenced trading on the Main
          Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “7618.” On January 26, 2026, JD Property,
          through its joint sponsors, submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
          to apply for the listing of, and permission to deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or when the proposed listing may take place.


          We currently offer different types of support to JD Health, JD Logistics, JD Industrials and JD Property to
          facilitate the marketing and implementation of their services. We have entered into and may, in the future, enter
          into various transactions and agreements with these subsidiaries. JD Health, JD Logistics and JD Industrials
          have, and JD Property is expected to have after it becomes a stand-alone public company in Hong Kong, their
          respective audit committee, each consisting of independent non-executive directors, to review and approve all
          proposed connected transactions as defined in the listing rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including any


42   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We have an audit committee, consisting
of independent directors, to review and approve all material related party transactions, including any material
transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We believe that the transactions and
agreements that we have entered into with these subsidiaries are on terms that are negotiated on an arm’s
length basis.


In addition, we may acquire or invest in publicly traded companies from time to time. On July 26, 2022,
JD Logistics completed the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon, a Shanghai Stock
Exchange-listed company and an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range
of solutions including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery
services, and warehousing management. As a result, Deppon became a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its
financial results, except for that of certain excluded business, have been consolidated into JD Logistics’s
consolidated financial statements. On January 13, 2026, Deppon announced a voluntary delisting from the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, which was approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in March 2026. The shares
of Deppon were delisted from the Shanghai Stock Exchange on March 31, 2026. In addition, on September 1,
2025, we published a takeover offer to all shareholders of CECONOMY AG (“CECONOMY”) (XETRA:CEC), a
leading consumer electronics retailer in Europe listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Following the additional
acceptance period of the takeover offer ended on November 27, 2025, we secured 59.8% of the share capital
and voting rights of CECONOMY. The closing of the transaction remains subject to customary regulatory
clearances, and we expect to consolidate its financial results after closing.


However, as we remain a controlling shareholder of these stand-alone public companies, we may from time to
time make strategic decisions that we believe are in the best interests of our business and shareholders as a
whole, which may create conflicts of interest with these companies, such as resolution of any dispute arising
from the agreements, allocation of business opportunities, and employee recruiting and retention between us
and these companies. We may not be able to resolve all potential misalignments in interests with these public
companies and the existence of such misalignments in interests may affect the results of operation of these
companies, which may, in turn, affect our results of operations as a whole. The conflicts of interest described
above may also arise when we acquire or invest in other publicly traded companies from time to time.


We may incur liability or become subject to administrative penalties for counterfeit or unauthorized
products sold on our mobile apps and websites, or for products sold on our mobile apps and websites or
content posted on our mobile apps and websites that infringe on third-party intellectual property rights,
or for other misconduct.
We sourced our products from a large number of suppliers. Third-party merchants on our online marketplace
are separately responsible for sourcing the products they sell on our mobile apps and websites. Although we
have adopted measures to verify the authenticity and authorization of products sold on our mobile apps and
websites and avoid potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights in the course of sourcing
and selling products, we may not always be successful. As part of our cross-border e-commerce business,
we source products outside of China and allow overseas brands or partners to sell their products through our
online marketplace, which could make it more difficult for us to verify the authenticity and authorization of
products sold.


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025        43
     Part I (Continued)




          In the event that counterfeit, unauthorized or infringing products are sold on our mobile apps and websites or
          infringing content is posted on our mobile apps and websites, we could face claims that we should be held
          liable. We have in the past received claims alleging our infringement of third parties’ rights. Irrespective of the
          validity of such claims, we could incur significant costs and efforts in either defending against or settling such
          claims. If there is a successful claim against us, we might be required to pay substantial damages or refrain
          from further sale of the products. Potential liability under PRC law if we negligently participated or assisted
          in infringement activities associated with counterfeit goods includes injunctions to cease infringing activities,
          rectification, compensation, administrative penalties and even criminal liability. Moreover, such third-party
          claims or administrative penalties could result in negative publicity and our reputation could be severely
          damaged. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations
          or financial condition.


          Under our standard form agreements, we require suppliers or third-party merchants to indemnify us for
          any losses we suffer or any costs that we incur due to any products we source from these suppliers or
          any products sold by these third-party merchants. However, not all of our agreements with suppliers and
          third-party merchants have such terms, and for those agreements that have such terms, we may not be able to
          successfully enforce our contractual rights and may need to initiate costly and lengthy legal proceedings in China
          to protect our rights. See “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by
          the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies such as
          e-commerce business and internet platforms.”


          We may be subject to product liability claims.
          The products sold by us through our online retail business may be defective. As a result, sales of such products
          could expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or property damage and may require product
          recalls or other actions. Third parties subject to such injury or damage may bring claims or legal proceedings
          against us as the retailer of the product. Although we would have legal recourse against the manufacturer of
          such products under PRC law, attempting to enforce our rights against the manufacturer may be expensive,
          time-consuming and ultimately futile. In addition, we generally do not maintain any third-party liability insurance
          or product liability insurance in relation to products we sell. As a result, any material product liability claim or
          litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
          Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and managerial efforts in defending them and
          could have a negative impact on our reputation.


          JD Logistics may need to raise more capital, which could dilute our equity stake or impose debt service
          obligations on JD Logistics, if such capital is available at all.
          In April 2017, we opened up our fulfillment infrastructure to third-parties and established a new business group,
          JD Logistics, to provide integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services to third-party businesses across
          a wide range of industries. JD Logistics has experienced rapid growth since its inception and has raised capital
          in both private and public share offerings. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the
          Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” As of December 31, 2025, we
          hold approximately 63% of the outstanding shares of JD Logistics. The development of a logistics business is




44   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




capital intensive, and JD Logistics may require additional capital resources in the future. JD Logistics may seek
to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could
result in dilution of our equity stake in JD Logistics, and the investors may have a strategy or objectives different
from ours with respect to JD Logistics or impose conditions that could restrict the operations of JD Logistics.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating
and financial covenants that would restrict its operations. It is uncertain whether financing will be available in
amounts or on terms acceptable, if at all.


The proper functioning of our technology platform is essential to our business. Any failure to maintain
the satisfactory performance of our websites, mobile apps and systems could materially and adversely
affect our business and reputation.
The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our technology platform are critical to our success
and our ability to attract and retain customers and provide quality customer service. Almost all of our sales of
products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment services we provide to
third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps and websites. Any system
interruptions caused by telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hacking or other attempts to harm
our systems that result in the unavailability or slowdown of our mobile apps and websites or reduced order
fulfillment performance could reduce the volume of products sold and the attractiveness of product offerings on
our mobile apps and websites. Our servers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to system interruptions, website slowdown or unavailability,
delays or errors in transaction processing, loss of data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders.
Security breaches, computer viruses and hacking attacks have become more prevalent in our industry. Because
of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China, we believe we are a particularly attractive target for
such attacks. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, such attacks and unexpected
interruptions. We can provide no assurance that our current security mechanisms will be sufficient to protect
our IT systems from any third-party intrusions, viruses or hacker attacks, information or data theft or other
similar activities. Any such future occurrences could reduce customer satisfaction, damage our reputation and
result in a material decrease in our revenue.


Additionally, we must continue to upgrade and improve our technology platform to support our business growth,
and failure to do so could impede our growth. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in
executing these system upgrades and improvement strategies or when the execution of these system upgrades
and improvement strategies will be effective. In particular, our systems may experience interruptions during
upgrades, and the new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with the existing systems on
a timely basis, or at all. In addition, we experience surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional
activities and holiday seasons, such as June 18 and November 11, which can put additional demands on our
technology platform at specific times. If our existing or future technology platform does not function properly,
it could cause system disruptions and slow response times, affecting data transmission, which in turn could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025         45
     Part I (Continued)




          Any deficiencies in China’s internet infrastructure could impair our ability to sell products over our
          mobile apps and websites, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.
          Almost all of our sales of products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment
          services we provide to third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps
          and websites. Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet infrastructure in China.
          The availability of our mobile apps and websites depends on telecommunications carriers and other third-party
          providers for communications and storage capacity, including bandwidth and server storage, among other
          things. If we are unable to enter into and renew agreements with these providers on acceptable terms, or if
          any of our existing agreements with such providers are terminated as a result of our breach or otherwise, our
          ability to provide our services to our customers could be adversely affected. Almost all access to the internet
          in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunication carriers under administrative control, and we
          obtain access to end-user networks operated by such telecommunications carriers and internet service providers
          to give customers access to our mobile apps and websites. We have experienced service interruptions in the
          past, which were typically caused by service interruptions at the underlying external telecommunications service
          providers, such as the internet data centers and broadband carriers from which we receive services. Service
          interruptions prevent consumers from accessing our mobile apps and websites and placing orders, and frequent
          interruptions could frustrate customers and discourage them from attempting to place orders, which could
          cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.


          If we fail to adopt new technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps and systems to changing
          customer requirements or emerging industry standards, or if our efforts to invest in the development of
          new technologies are unsuccessful or ineffective, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
          To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and
          features of our mobile apps and websites. The industries we operate in are characterized by rapid technological
          evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introductions of new products and
          services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices, any of
          which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on
          our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond
          to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices, such as mobile internet, in a
          cost-effective and timely way. In recent years, we invested in the development of many new technologies
          and business initiatives, such as AI, big data and cloud. The development of websites, mobile apps and other
          proprietary technologies entails significant technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will
          be able to successfully develop or effectively use new technologies, recoup the costs of developing new
          technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer
          requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to develop technologies successfully or adapt
          in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements,
          whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
          operations may be materially and adversely affected.




46   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




Customer growth and activity on mobile devices depends upon effective use of mobile operating
systems, networks and standards that we do not control.
A significant portion of the purchases made by our customers are through mobile devices. To optimize the
mobile shopping experience, we are somewhat dependent on our customers downloading our specific
mobile apps for their particular devices as opposed to accessing our sites from an internet browser on their
mobile device. As new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may
encounter in developing applications for these alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote
significant resources to the development, support and maintenance of such applications. In addition, our future
growth and our results of operations could suffer if we experience difficulties in the future in integrating our
mobile apps into mobile devices or if problems arise with our relationships with providers of mobile operating
systems or mobile app download stores, if our apps receive unfavorable treatment compared to competing
apps on the download stores, or if we face increased costs to distribute or have customers use our mobile
apps. We are further dependent on the interoperability of our sites with popular mobile operating systems that
we do not control, such as iOS and Android, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality
of our sites or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our sites
on mobile devices. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to access and use our sites on their
mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to access or to use our sites on their mobile devices or to use
mobile products that do not offer access to our sites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business,
financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.


Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network against security breaches could
damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
A significant challenge to the online retail industry is the secure storage of confidential information and its
secure transmission over public networks. Almost all of the orders and some of the payments for products we
offer are made through our websites and our mobile apps. In addition, some online payments for our products
are settled through third-party online payment services. We also share certain personal information about our
customers with third-party couriers, such as their names, addresses, phone numbers and transaction records.
In addition, with the rapid development of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, we have
accumulated a large volume of data, which covers customer’s browsing and consumption behavior information,
product manufacturing and sales information, warehousing and distribution information, customer service
information, among others. We also formed strategic partnerships with some leading mobile internet companies
to leverage their powerful big data resources, massive user bases and AI-driven technologies. Maintaining
complete security for the storage and transmission of confidential information on our technology platform
is essential to maintaining our operating efficiency and customer confidence as well as complying with the
applicable laws and standards.


We have adopted security policies and measures, including encryption technology, to protect our proprietary
data and customer information. However, advances in technology, the expertise of hackers, improper use or
sharing of data, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments could result in a
compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect confidential information. We may not be able to
prevent third parties, especially hackers or other individuals or entities engaging in similar activities, from illegally
obtaining such confidential or private information we hold as a result of our customers’ visits to our websites and


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         47
     Part I (Continued)




          use of our mobile apps. Such individuals or entities obtaining our customers’ confidential or private information
          may further engage in various other illegal activities using such information. In addition, we have limited control
          or influence over the security policies or measures adopted by business partners including strategic partners
          or third-party providers of online payment services through which some of our customers may choose to make
          payment for purchases. The third-party couriers we use may also violate their confidentiality obligations and
          disclose or use information about our customers illegally. Any negative publicity on our websites’ or mobile
          apps’ safety or privacy protection mechanisms and policies, and any claims asserted against us or fines imposed
          upon us as a result of actual or perceived failures, could have a material and adverse effect on our public image,
          reputation, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced breaches of our information
          security measures in the past due to external causes beyond our control, such as a leak of user account
          information from the China Software Developer Network in 2011, although none of the past breaches individually
          or in the aggregate was material to our business or operations. We cannot assure you that similar events will
          not occur in the future. If we give third parties greater access to our technology platform in the future as part of
          providing more technology services to third-party merchants and others, it may become more challenging for us
          to ensure the security of our systems. Any compromise of our information security or the information security
          measures of our third-party couriers or third-party online payment service providers or other business partners
          could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of
          operations. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by
          companies operating over the internet and mobile platforms are under increased public scrutiny.


          Significant capital and other resources may be required to protect against information security breaches or
          to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related legal
          obligations. The resources required may increase over time as the methods used by hackers and others
          engaged in online criminal activities are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. Any failure
          or perceived failure by us to prevent information security breaches or to comply with privacy policies or
          privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or
          transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, could cause our customers to lose trust
          in us and could expose us to legal claims. Any perception by the public that online transactions or the privacy
          of user information are becoming increasingly unsafe or vulnerable to attacks could inhibit the growth of online
          retail and other online services generally, which may reduce the number of orders we receive.


          Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations
          regarding data privacy and cybersecurity.
          As the regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity are quickly evolving in China and globally, we
          may become subject to new laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of
          personal or consumer information that could affect how we store, process and share data with our customers,
          suppliers and third-party merchants.


          On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC
          Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law, among others, provides
          for a security review procedure for the data activities that may affect national security. Furthermore, the
          Cybersecurity Review Measures (2020), which became effective on June 1, 2020, set forth the cybersecurity


48   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators, and provided that critical information
infrastructure operators who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or may affect
national security shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On July 30, 2021, the state council promulgated the
Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, which became effective on September 1, 2021.
Pursuant to the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, critical information infrastructure
shall mean an important network facility and information system in important industries such as, among others,
public communications and information services, as well as other important network facilities and information
systems that may seriously endanger national security, the national economy, the people’s livelihood, or
the public interests in the event of damage, loss of function, or data leakage. In addition, the administration
departments for each critical industry and sector shall be responsible to formulate eligibility criteria and
determine the critical information infrastructure operator in the respective industry or sector. Furthermore,
the exact scope of “critical information infrastructure operators” under the current regulatory regime remains
unclear, and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement
of these laws. Therefore, it is uncertain whether we would be deemed as a critical information infrastructure
operator under PRC law.


On December 28, 2021, the CAC, the National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC, the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology, or MIIT, and several other PRC government authorities jointly issued
the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the Cybersecurity
Review Measures (2020). Such Measures further restate and expand the applicable scope of the cybersecurity
review. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, critical information infrastructure operators that
procure internet products and services and network platform operators engaging in data processing activities
must be subject to the cybersecurity review if their activities affect or may affect national security. Since the
Cybersecurity Review Measures are relatively new and provide no further explanation or interpretation on the
determination of “affecting national security,” there remain uncertainties as to whether our data processing
activities may be deemed to affect national security.


If we are deemed as a critical information infrastructure operator under the PRC cybersecurity laws and
regulations, we must fulfill certain obligations as required under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations,
including, among others, storing personal information and important data collected and produced within the
PRC territory during our operations in China, which we have fulfilled in our business, and we may be subject to
review when purchasing internet products and services.


Further, the Cybersecurity Review Measures stipulate that network platform operators holding personal
information of over one million users must apply to the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review
before public offering on a foreign stock exchange. Although our securities have been listed on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, given the Cybersecurity Review Measures are
relatively new, there are uncertainties as to the interpretation, application, and enforcement of the Cybersecurity
Review Measures and how it will affect our business.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         49
     Part I (Continued)




          On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfer,
          which became effective on September 1, 2022. These measures provide for the circumstances under which
          a data processor shall be subject to security assessment. We have applied to CAC for security assessment of
          outbound data transfer according to these measures.


          On September 24, 2024, the State Council published the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security,
          which provides that the network data handlers shall be subject to national security review if their network
          data handling activities affect or may affect national security. See “Information on the Company — Business
          Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Information Security” for details. As of the date of this annual
          report, we have not been involved in any formal investigations on cybersecurity review made by the CAC or
          other regulatory authorities based on the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security. However, if we are
          not able to comply with the cybersecurity and network data security requirements in a timely manner, or at all,
          we may be subject to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension of our
          non-compliant operations, or removal of our app from the application stores, among other sanctions, which could
          materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition to the cybersecurity review,
          the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security, requires that data processors processing “important
          data” shall conduct an annual risk assessment each year, and submit the assessment report to the relevant
          competent authorities at or above the provincial level.


          As advised by our PRC legal counsel, we are not required to file an application for the cybersecurity review by
          CAC for our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors as of the date of this annual report because
          (i) the regulations do not require data processors which process personal information of over one million users
          to file a supplementary application of cybersecurity review for their previous issuance of securities to foreign
          investors that occurred before the effective date of such regulations; and (ii) our securities have already been
          listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange before such regulations became
          effective. Thus, our PRC legal counsel does not expect that, as of the date of this annual report, we are required
          to file an application for the cybersecurity review by CAC for our previous issuance of securities to foreign
          investors.


          On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the
          Personal Information Protection Law, which integrates the scattered rules with respect to personal information
          rights and privacy protection and took effect on November 1, 2021. Our mobile apps and websites only collect
          basic user personal information that is necessary to provide the corresponding services. We do not collect any
          sensitive personal information or other excessive personal information that is not related to the corresponding
          services. We update our privacy policies from time to time to meet the latest regulatory requirements of
          the CAC and other authorities and adopt technical measures to protect data and ensure cybersecurity in a
          systematic way. Nonetheless, the Personal Information Protection Law raises the protection requirements for
          processing personal information, and many specific requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law
          remain to be clarified by the CAC, other regulatory authorities, and courts in practice. We may be required to
          make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with the personal information protection laws and
          regulations. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.”




50   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




These laws and regulations and the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021 and also includes
certain data-related rules) are subject to interpretation by the regulators. Although we only gain access to user
information that is necessary for, and relevant to, the services provided, the data we obtain and use may include
information that is deemed as “personal information,” “network data” or “important data” under the PRC
Cyber Security Law, the Civil Code and related data privacy and protection laws and regulations. As such, we
have adopted a series of measures to ensure that we comply with the laws and regulations in the collection,
use, disclosure, sharing, storage, and security of user information and other data. The Data Security Law also
stipulates that the authorities will formulate the catalogs for important data and strengthen the protection
of important data, and state core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national security, the lifelines of national
economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to stricter management system.
“Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.” The exact scopes of important data and
state core data remain unclear and may be subject to further interpretation. If any data that we are in possession
of constitutes important data or state core data, we may be required to adopt stricter measures for protection
and management of such data.


In addition, we may need to comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to
protect business and personal data in the U.S., Europe, Hong Kong and elsewhere. For example, the European
Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The General
Data Protection Regulation imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal
data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing,
proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called
for under General Data Protection Regulation) and regulations can be costly; any failure to comply with these
regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. In addition, to the extent we have accessed
personal data in Hong Kong in our operations, such as retail business, we have been in compliance with the
laws and regulations in Hong Kong regarding data security, such as the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and
the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Ordinance which impose protocols and obligations regarding the handling
of personal data including that, among other things, (i) personal data shall be collected for a lawful purpose,
necessary and not excessive, (ii) personal data shall be collected by means that are lawful and fair in the
circumstances of the case, and (iii) the person from whom personal data is collected is informed of the purpose
of collecting the data. We believe that the laws and regulations in Hong Kong regarding data security do not
have a material impact on our business as of the date of this annual report. However, to the extent that certain
laws and regulations in Hong Kong were to result in additional oversight over data security that impacts our
business in Hong Kong, we may be required to incur additional cost to ensure our compliance to such laws and
regulations, and any violation could result in a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and results of
operations.


We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our own privacy policies.
Compliance with any additional laws could be expensive, and may place restrictions on the conduct of our
business and the manner in which we interact with our customers. Any failure to comply with applicable
regulations could also result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, and misuse of or failure to secure
personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against us by
governmental authorities or other authorities, damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative
impact on revenues and profits.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        51
     Part I (Continued)




          The wide variety of payment methods that we accept subjects us to third-party payment processing-
          related risks.
          We accept payments using a variety of methods, including payment on delivery, bank transfers, online payments
          through various third-party online payment platforms such as Weixin Pay, UnionPay and JD Pay. For certain
          payment methods, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating
          costs and lower our profit margins. We may also be subject to fraud and other illegal activities in connection
          with the various payment methods we offer, including online payment and cash on delivery options. Although
          we deliver a majority of the orders directly to customers ourselves, we use third-party couriers during peak
          seasons to supplement our delivery force. Given some customers choose the cash-on-delivery option when they
          place their orders online, the delivery personnel of our third-party couriers collect payments on our behalf, and
          we require the third-party couriers to remit the payment collected to us on the following day. If these companies
          fail to remit the payment collected to us in a timely fashion or at all, if they become unwilling or unable to
          provide these services to us, or if their service quality deteriorates, our business could be disrupted. We are also
          subject to various rules, regulations and requirements governing electronic funds transfers, both in China and
          globally, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply with. If we
          fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose
          our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers or
          facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
          materially and adversely affected.


          Our delivery, return and exchange policies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
          We have adopted shipping policies that do not necessarily pass the full cost of shipping on to our customers.
          We also have adopted customer-friendly return and exchange policies that make it convenient and easy for
          customers to change their minds after completing purchases. We may also be required by law to adopt new
          or amend existing return and exchange policies from time to time. For example, pursuant to the amended
          Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014, except for certain types of products, such
          as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods, consumers are generally entitled to return the products
          purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any reasons when they purchase the products from
          business operators on the internet. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation —
          Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety.” These policies improve
          customers’ shopping experience and promote customer loyalty, which in turn help us acquire and retain
          customers. However, these policies also subject us to additional costs and expenses which we may not
          recoup through increased revenue. Our ability to handle a large volume of returns is unproven. If our return and
          exchange policy is misused by a significant number of customers, our costs may increase significantly and our
          results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If we revise these policies to reduce our costs
          and expenses, our customers may be dissatisfied, which may result in loss of existing customers or failure to
          acquire new customers at a desirable pace, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.




52   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




The offline fresh food markets operated under our 7FRESH brand rely heavily on sales of perishable
products, and ordering errors or product supply disruptions may have an adverse impact on its
profitability and operating results.
Our offline fresh food markets rely on various suppliers and vendors to provide and deliver our perishable product
inventory promptly on an ongoing basis. We could suffer significant product inventory losses in the event of
the loss of a major supplier or vendor, disruption of our distribution network, extended power outages, natural
disasters or other catastrophic occurrences. We have implemented certain systems to ensure our ordering is
in line with demand. We cannot assure you, however, that our ordering system will always work efficiently, in
particular in connection with the opening of new stores, which have no, or a limited, ordering history. If we were
to over-order, we could suffer inventory losses, which would negatively impact our operating results.

We may experience negative impact on our reputation due to real or perceived quality or health issues
with the food products sold at our offline fresh food markets, which could have an adverse impact on
our operating results.
Customers of our offline fresh food markets expect us to provide them with fresh, high-quality food products.
Concerns regarding the safety of our food products or the safety and quality of our food supply chain could
cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of food, even if
the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not
ultimately based on facts, and whether or not involving products sold at our stores, could discourage consumers
from buying our products and have an adverse impact on our operating results. Furthermore, sales of food
products entail inherent risks of product liability claims, product recall and the resulting negative publicity. Food
products containing contaminants could be inadvertently distributed by us and, if processing by the consumers
level does not eliminate them, these contaminants could result in illness or death. We cannot assure you that
product liability claims will not be asserted against us or that we will not be obligated to perform product recalls
or held liable in the future.

Any loss in confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. Any such
adverse impact could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of fresh, high-quality food
products and could significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any food items sold by
us, regardless of the cause, could have a material and adverse impact on our sales and operating results.

Our 7FRESH brand may be unable to keep existing store locations, open new stores in desirable places
on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, which could materially and adversely
affect its results of operations.
Our 7FRESH brand’s growth strategy includes opening and operating offline fresh food stores at suitable
locations. The implementation of this strategy depends on finding suitable locations. In addition, we compete
with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and zoning regulations, environmental
regulations and other regulatory requirements may affect our ability to find suitable locations and have an impact
on the cost of constructing, renovating and operating our stores. Real estate, zoning, construction and other
delays may adversely affect store openings and renovations and increase our costs. Moreover, changing local
demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.
The termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of
those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. If we determine to close or
relocate a store subject to a lease, we may remain obligated under the lease for the remainder of the lease term.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         53
     Part I (Continued)




          Furthermore, our offline fresh food stores face increasing competition from other retailers in various aspects,
          including, among others, pricing, selection, quality and availability of product offering, store hours, in-store
          amenities, shopping convenience and overall shopping experience. If we operate our stores at locations not
          suitable for our growth strategy, or if we are unable to maintain our existing store locations, open new stores in
          desirable places and on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, the results of operations of
          our 7FRESH brand could be materially and adversely affected.


          If JD Technology is unable to successfully manage its business or conflicts that could arise between us
          and JD Technology are not resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations
          and prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result.
          In June 2020, we acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd., or
          JD Technology, which became our equity method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests
          in JD Technology, we have entered into a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth our rights
          as a shareholder. On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to
          the reorganization of our cloud computing and artificial intelligence business, upon which our equity interest
          in JD Technology increased to 41.7%. As of December 31, 2025, our equity interest in JD Technology further
          increased to 54.9% as a result of the JD Technology Redemption Arrangement as described in “Information on
          the Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Major Investments,” and we continued to
          apply the equity method for accounting of this investment.


          JD Technology currently provides us with certain payment services on a non-exclusive basis and other services
          to us. If JD Technology is not able to successfully manage its risks such as credit risks, its ability to continue
          to deliver payment and other services to us may be undermined. In such event, JD Technology might seek to
          amend the terms of its agreements and arrangements with us, which could potentially result in a conflict of
          interest. Other conflicts of interest between us and JD Technology may arise relating to commercial or strategic
          opportunities or initiatives. Although we and JD Technology have each agreed to certain non-competition
          undertakings, we cannot assure you that JD Technology would not pursue opportunities to provide services
          to our competitors or other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. If JD Technology is unable to
          successfully manage its business or conflicts of interest that could arise between us and JD Technology are not
          resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially
          and adversely affected.


          In addition, we continue to license certain of our intellectual properties, including our “JD” brand and related
          trademarks and domain names, to JD Technology. Because of JD Technology’s ability to continue to use
          our brand, our close association with JD Technology and overlapping user base, events that negatively
          affect JD Technology, for example, alleged engagement in inappropriate activities, involvement in any legal
          or administrative proceedings, or negative publicity, could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’ and
          other third parties’ perception of us and our JD brand, harm our credibility and reputation and adversely affect
          our business.




54   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




JD Logistics, our subsidiary that is a technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services
provider, is subject to risks associated with provision of integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
services and operations.
JD Logistics, a subsidiary of ours that provides technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services
provider, is subject to a variety of risks in its business, including the following:


•   potential disruptions to the operation of the warehousing and logistics facilities operated by us or other
    third-party transportation companies and couriers that facilitate our logistics services, or to the development
    of new warehousing and logistics facilities;


•   risk that our customers may reduce their expenditure on third-party supply chain solutions and logistics
    services or increase utilization of their internal solutions;


•   tightening of the labor market, increases in labor costs or any labor unrest, as we operate in a
    labor-intensive industry;


•   failure to maintain positive relationships with our third-party logistics service providers;


•   risks associated with the items we deliver and the contents of shipments and inventories handled through
    our logistics networks, including real or perceived quality or health issues with the products that are handled
    through our logistics networks; and


•   risks inherent in the logistics industry, including personal injury, product damage, and transportation-related
    incidents.


The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Logistics, and may have a
material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.


JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to risks associated with the marketing, distributing,
selling and regulation of pharmaceutical and healthcare products.
JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to certain risks associated with the marketing, distributing and
selling of pharmaceutical and other health and wellness products, as well as provision of medical and related
services, including the following:


•   inability to successfully execute effective advertising, marketing and promotional activities necessary to
    maintain and increase the awareness of JD Health and the products and services it offers;


•   failure to implement effective pricing and other strategies in response to intense market competition in the
    pharmaceutical industry in China;


•   inability to upgrade intelligent healthcare solutions in response to changing consumer demand and
    preference;


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025      55
     Part I (Continued)




          •    inability to stock adequate supply of pharmaceutical and healthcare products that customers desire;


          •    potential medical liability claims in connection with our online and offline healthcare services;


          •    potential penalties or disputes against us for failure to manage our in-house medical team and external
               doctors;


          •    failure of in-house medical team or external doctors to provide adequate and proper medical services on our
               platform;


          •    inability to obtain and maintain regulatory or governmental permits, approvals and clearances, or to pass
               PRC government inspections; and


          •    the risk of, and resulting liability from, any contamination, injury or other harm caused by any use, misuse,
               misdiagnosis or side-effects involving products distributed or services provided by JD Health.


          The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Health, and may have an
          adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.


          Furthermore, laws and regulations regarding pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in China are strict and
          extensive. Violation of the laws and regulations may result in harsh penalties and, under certain circumstances,
          lead to criminal prosecution. Meanwhile, regulations of both internet industry and its internet healthcare sector,
          as well as their interpretation and enforcement, are relatively new and evolving. As a result, it may be difficult
          to determine what actions or omissions would be deemed in violation of applicable laws and regulations. Due to
          the rapidly evolving and complexity of the regulatory environment, we cannot assure you that JD Health would
          always be in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the violation of which may have adverse effect
          on its brand reputation and business. Compliance with future laws and regulations may require JD Health to
          change its business models and practices at an undeterminable and possibly significant financial cost. These
          additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which may, in turn, have a material adverse
          effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


          JD Property faces challenges relating to the macroeconomic environment, the market condition and its
          own business development.
          JD Property, a subsidiary of ours which develops and manages modern infrastructure in Mainland China, Asia-
          Pacific, Europe, Middle East and the Americas, consisting primarily of logistics parks as well as business parks
          and others, faces challenges relating to the macroeconomic environment, the market condition and certain
          characteristics of its current operations. These challenges include:


          •    potential downturn in general economy, which will slow down the demand for logistics properties and
               increase the vacancy rate, resulting in a more competitive market environment for JD Property;




56   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




•   slowdown in such business area as industrial park and logistic properties; and


•   uncertainties in JD Property’s venture into the overseas markets, such as the Southeast Asian market and
    the European market, including cultural differences, complexity of local regulatory environment, political
    stability and communication with local clients and business partners, among other things.


If JD Property’s business cannot continue to grow despite these challenges, our financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected.


JD Industrials faces challenges relating to the provision of industrial supply chain technology and service.
JD Industrials, a subsidiary of ours, faces challenges as a leading industrial supply chain technology and service
provider in China. These challenges include:


•   ability to provide superior industrial supply chain technology and service to expand its customer base, which
    in turn depends on factors such as its ability to offer high-quality industrial products and services, optimize
    the product and service offerings in response to the diverse and evolving demand of its customers, expand
    and maintain relationships with its customers and suppliers, offer timely and reliable fulfillment service,
    develop industrial technology solutions and intelligent services, and recommend suitable products and
    services to its customers;


•   failure to expand its customer base and maintain satisfactory customer experience;


•   risk that industrial supply chain technology and service market may not develop into the stage and scale as
    expected, as it is still in its early stage of development in China;


•   ability to successfully implement its business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market
    dynamics;


•   ability to enforce effective control over the logistic service provided directly by its suppliers or other
    third-party logistics providers; and


•   damage to its fulfillment of industrial products caused by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications
    failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other events.


If JD Industrials’ business were negatively impacted by these challenges to a material extent, our financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


Our use of some leased properties could be challenged by third parties or government authorities, which
may cause interruptions to our business operations.
A small portion of the lessors of our leased warehouses, leased offices, and leased delivery stations and pickup
stations have not provided us with their property ownership certificates or any other documentation proving
their right to lease those properties to us. If our lessors (including the lessors of our 7FRESH offline fresh food


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        57
     Part I (Continued)




          stores) are not the owners of the properties and they have not obtained consents from the owners or their
          lessors or permits from the government authorities, our leases could be invalidated. If this occurs, we may
          have to renegotiate the leases with the owners or the parties who have the right to lease the properties, and
          the terms of the new leases may be less favorable to us. Some of the leased properties were also subject to
          mortgage at the time the leases were entered into. Such lease may not be binding on the transferee of the
          property in the event that the mortgage holder forecloses on the mortgage and transfers the property to another
          party. In addition, a substantial portion of our leasehold interests in leased properties have not been registered
          with the PRC government authorities as required by PRC law, which may expose us to potential fines if we
          fail to remediate after receiving any notice from the PRC government authorities. Also, in the event that the
          actual use of our leased properties is inconsistent with the use registered on the land use right certificate or
          our leased properties are on allocated land, the competent authorities may require the lessors to return the
          land and impose fines on the lessors, or confiscate the proceeds from the leasing of the properties and impose
          fines on the lessors if such properties are leased without their consent or handing in such income, as applicable.
          Therefore, the lease agreements may be deemed to be in breach of the law and therefore be void.


          As of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of any material claims or actions being contemplated or
          initiated by government authorities, property owners or any other third parties with respect to our leasehold
          interests in or use of such properties.


          However, we cannot assure you that our use of such leased properties will not be challenged. In the event that
          our use of properties is successfully challenged, we may be subject to fines and forced to relocate the affected
          operations. In addition, we may become involved in disputes with the property owners or third parties who
          otherwise have rights to or interests in our leased properties. We can provide no assurance that we will be able
          to find suitable replacement sites on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis, or at all, or that we will not be
          subject to material liability resulting from third parties’ challenges on our use of such properties. As a result, our
          business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


          Failure to renew our current leases or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and
          adversely affect our business.
          We lease properties for our offices, customer service center, warehouses, sorting centers, and delivery and
          pickup stations. We may not be able to successfully extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the
          current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and may therefore be forced to relocate our affected
          operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in significant relocation expenses, which could materially
          and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we compete with
          other businesses for premises at certain locations or of desirable sizes. As a result, even though we could
          extend or renew our leases, rental payments may significantly increase as a result of the high demand for the
          leased properties. In addition, we may not be able to locate desirable alternative sites for our facilities as our
          business continues to grow and failure in relocating our affected operations could materially and adversely affect
          our business and operations.




58   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or
permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations may have
a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is subject to governmental supervision and regulation by the PRC governmental authorities,
including the State Administration for Market Regulation (formerly known as the State Administration for
Industry and Commerce), or SAMR, the NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the MIIT, the CAC, the Ministry of
Transport, the State Post Bureau and the People’s Bank of China, among others. Together, these government
authorities promulgate and enforce regulations that cover many aspects of the operation of the online
retail, courier and road freight transportation industries, including entry into these industries, the scope of
permissible business activities, licenses and permits for various business activities, and foreign investment.
See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Foreign
Investment” and “— Licenses and Permits.”


Under PRC law, an entity operating courier services across multiple provinces must obtain a cross-provincial
Courier Service Operation Permit and conduct its courier services within the permitted scope as indicated in
the permit. Furthermore, any entity engaging in road freight transportation services in China must obtain a Road
Transportation Operation Permit from the road transportation administrative authorities. We operate a nationwide
road freight transportation and delivery network. As of December 31, 2025, we had Courier Service Operation
Permits that allow Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (Beijing Jingbangda), a subsidiary of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng, one of the consolidated variable interest entities providing logistics services, and the subsidiaries
of Beijing Jingbangda, to operate an express delivery business in 31 provinces and 452 cities in China. As of
December 31, 2025, Beijing Jingbangda and its relevant subsidiaries, among other entities, had obtained Courier
Service Operation Permits. As of the same date, among other entities, Xi’an Jingdong Xuncheng and its relevant
branches and subsidiaries, and Beijing Jingbangda and its relevant branches and subsidiaries had obtained Road
Transportation Operation Permits that allow these entities to provide road freight transportation services. We
are in the process of making filings with local postal administrations for express delivery terminal outlets of the
subsidiaries of Beijing Jingbangda. However, we cannot assure you that we can obtain such permits and licenses
in a timely manner, or at all, due to complex procedural requirements and policies. In addition, we issue one type
of prepaid cards which may be used to buy the products and services sold on our mobile apps and websites.
Due to licensing requirements, currently such prepaid cards can only be used to purchase products and services
directly sold by us.


There may be some defects with respect to the process of establishing certain of our indirect subsidiaries in
China. Certain subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China were established without obtaining
the prior approval from the government authorities that supervise their industry, and some have obtained the
permits from the government authority at a level lower than as required. We have not received any notice of
warning or been subject to penalties or other disciplinary action from the governmental authorities with respect
to these defects. However, we cannot assure you that the governmental authorities would not require us to
obtain the approvals, or the permits from proper level of government authorities to cure the defects, or take any
other actions retrospectively in the future. If the government authorities require us to cure such defects, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the approvals, or the permits from proper level of government
authorities, in a timely manner or at all.


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        59
     Part I (Continued)




          We provide payment by installments to certain qualified customers for purchasing products sold on our
          websites. These payment services may be deemed to be providing consumer loans. If so, an approval for
          consumer finance company from the government authority is required, and we cannot assure you that we can
          obtain such approval in a timely manner, or at all.


          If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals, licenses or permits,
          it has the power, among other things, to levy fines, confiscate our income, revoke our business licenses, and
          require us to discontinue that business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of our business. Any of
          these actions by the PRC government may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations.


          The e-commerce industry, and online retail in particular, is highly regulated by the PRC government. For
          example, the Price Law of the People’s Republic of China prohibits a business operator from committing the
          specified unlawful pricing activities, such as dumping products at price below cost for the purpose of driving out
          rivals or monopolizing the market, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to transact, colluding
          with others to manipulate the market price, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators.
          We are required to obtain various licenses and permits from different regulatory authorities in order to distribute
          certain categories of products on our mobile apps and websites. See “Information on the Company — Business
          Overview — Regulation — Licenses and Permits.” We have made great efforts to obtain all the applicable
          licenses and permits, but due to the large number of products sold on our mobile apps and websites, we may
          not always be able to do so and we were penalized by governmental authorities for selling products without
          proper licenses. As we increase our product selection and develop new business, we may also become subject
          to new or existing laws and regulations that did not affect us before. For example, our food delivery business
          is subject to the compliance with the Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China and Measures for the
          Supervisions and Administration of Food Safety in Online Catering Services, as well as other related laws and
          regulations. As we have recently expanded into food delivery business, we have to devote more management
          efforts and resources to comply with the laws and regulations that apply to such business, such as requirements
          regarding food safety management and merchant qualification verification. However, we may not always be
          able to meet the requirements of these laws and regulations in all respects. Any failure or perceived failure by
          us to comply with these laws and regulations may result in governmental investigations, regulatory proceedings
          or enforcement actions such as imposing fines and/or other penalties, litigations or claims against us and could
          have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.


          As online retail is evolving rapidly in China, new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to
          require additional licenses and permits other than those we currently have, and to address new issues that
          arise from time to time. For example, in August 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s
          Congress promulgated the E-Commerce Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. The E-Commerce
          Law imposes a number of new requirements and obligations on e-commerce platform operators. In addition,
          the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading promulgated by the SAMR on
          March 15, 2021 and subsequently amended on March 18, 2025, is an important departmental regulation for the
          implementation of the E-commerce Law. We have adopted a series of measures to comply with such requires
          under the E-Commerce Law. We cannot assure you, however, that our current business operations meet the
          requirements under the E-Commerce Law in all respects. If the PRC governmental authorities determine that


60   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




we are not in compliance with all the requirements under the E-Commerce Law and other applicable laws and
rules, we may be subject to fines and/or other sanctions. As a result, we are subject to risks regarding the
interpretation and implementation of PRC laws and regulations applicable to online retail businesses. If we are
unable to maintain and renew one or more of our licenses and certificates when their current term expires,
or obtain such renewals on commercially reasonable terms, our operations could be disrupted. If the PRC
government requires additional licenses or permits or provides stricter supervision requirements in the future in
order for us to conduct our businesses, there is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such licenses or
permits or meet all the supervision requirements in a timely manner, or at all.


We have granted, and may continue to grant, restricted share units and other types of awards under
our share incentive plans and our consolidated subsidiaries’ share incentive plans, which may result in
increased share-based compensation expenses.
We adopted our current share incentive plan effective December 21, 2023, or the 2023 Plan, to replace our
previous plan, which expired on December 20, 2023. JD Logistics, JD Health, JD Industrials and JD Property
each have their own share incentive plans as well, and since we consolidate them in our financial statements,
their share-based compensation expenses also affect our financial performance. See “Directors, Senior
Management and Employees — Compensation — Share Incentive Plans” for a detailed discussion of these
various plans. In May 2015, with approval of our board of directors, Mr. Liu was granted an option to acquire
a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company under our previous plan, at an exercise price
of US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award
vested on each anniversary of the grant date. In May 2025, with approval of our board of directors, Mr. Liu was
granted an option to acquire a total of 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company at an exercise price
of US$17.175 per share or US$34.35 per ADS, and 10,000,000 restricted share units, both subject to a 5-year
vesting schedule.


We incurred share-based compensation expenses of RMB38 million, RMB21 million and RMB1,367 million
(US$195 million) in connection with this grant of share-based awards to Mr. Liu in 2023, 2024 and 2025,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, we recorded an aggregate of
RMB4,804 million, RMB2,999 million and RMB4,726 million (US$676 million), respectively, in share-based
compensation expenses. As of December 31, 2025, the awards in our share incentive plans that had been
granted to our directors, officers, employees and consultants and remained outstanding included (i) restricted
share units to receive an aggregate of 71,863,066 ordinary shares, excluding restricted share units that were
forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the grant date, and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of 22,566,154
ordinary shares, excluding options that were forfeited, cancelled, or exercised after the grant date. For awards
granted under the share incentive plans of our consolidated subsidiaries, please see “Directors, Senior
Management and Employees — Compensation — Share Incentive Plans — Share Incentive Plans of our
Consolidated Subsidiaries.” We believe the granting of share-based awards is of significant importance to our
ability to attract and retain key personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share-based awards to
employees in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may increase,
which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        61
     Part I (Continued)




          Our results of operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations.
          We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of traditional retail seasonality patterns and
          new patterns associated with online retail in particular. For example, we generally experience less user traffic
          and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday season
          in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are significantly higher in the
          fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.


          E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year, and we hold
          a special promotional campaign in the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary
          of the founding of our business, both of which can affect our results for those quarters. Overall, the historical
          seasonality of our business has been relatively mild due to the rapid growth we have experienced and may
          increase further in the future. Our financial condition and results of operations for future periods may continue
          to fluctuate. As a result, the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fluctuate from time to
          time due to seasonality.


          We may need additional capital, and financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
          Although we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flow from operations will
          be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 months, we may also require additional cash
          resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any changes in our
          account payable policy, marketing initiatives or investments we may decide to pursue. If these resources are
          insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or
          debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution of our existing shareholders. The
          incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and
          financing covenants that would restrict our operations. For example, the unsecured senior notes we issued
          in April 2016 and January 2020 and the convertible senior notes we issued in May 2024 contain covenants
          including limitation on liens and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our
          assets, and our term and revolving credit facilities we entered into contain covenants that impose certain
          minimum financial performance requirements on us and that might restrict our ability to raise additional debt. It
          is uncertain whether financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Disruptions in
          the financial markets not related to us could also affect our ability to raise capital. Any difficulty or failure to meet
          our liquidity needs as and when needed can have a material adverse effect on our prospects. A large balance
          of indebtedness may require that we devote our financial resources to servicing such debt rather than funding
          our operating activities, which constrains our capital flexibility and may in turn adversely affect our results of
          operation. It may also be a challenge for us to service our interest and principal repayments in a timely manner
          or at all, which could trigger cross-defaults with other debt, as applicable, as well as limit our ability to obtain
          further debt financing.




62   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness or enforcement of our obligations under any
guarantee or other similar arrangement could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
As of December 31, 2025, we had long-term debt obligations of RMB69.2 billion (US$9.9 billion). Under the
terms of our indebtedness and under any debt financing arrangement that we may enter into in the future,
we are, and may be in the future, subject to covenants that could, among other things, restrict our business
and operations. If we breach any of these covenants, our lenders under our credit facilities and holders of our
unsecured senior notes will be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Any default under our credit facilities
or unsecured senior notes could require that we repay these debts prior to maturity as well as limit our ability
to obtain additional financing, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. In
addition, enforcement against us under any guarantee and other similar arrangements we may enter into in the
future could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.


Fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature and fluctuation of fair value change of the wealth
management products we invested in have affected our results of operations in the past and may
continue to affect our results of operations in the future.
The fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature, primarily gains on sale of development properties,
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, and “others, net” significantly affected our results of operations
during 2023, 2024 and 2025. We recorded a gain of RMB2,283 million, RMB1,527 million and RMB387 million
(US$55 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, for selling certain of our development properties.
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets were RMB5.2 billion, RMB2.4 billion and RMB1.3 billion
(US$0.2 billion) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. “Others, net” consists of interest income; gains/(losses)
related to long-term investments without significant influence, including fair value changes, acquisitions or
disposals gains/(losses), and impairments; government incentives; foreign exchange gains/(losses); and other
non-operating income/(losses). For “others, net,” we recorded gains of RMB7.5 billion, RMB13.4 billion and
RMB17.3 billion (US$2.5 billion) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We identify these items as non-recurring
in nature as they are not indicative of our core operating results and business outlook. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to continue to generate net profits and maintain profitability in the future after excluding
the impact of such non-recurring items. The significant fluctuation of these non-recurring items may continue to
affect our results of operations and result in fluctuation of net income/(loss) in the future.


During 2023, 2024 and 2025, we made investments in wealth management products and recorded a fair value
of wealth management products of RMB59.7 billion, RMB38.4 billion and RMB52.1 billion (US$7.5 billion) as of
December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. No impairment charges were recorded for the years ended
December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Those wealth management products were certain deposits
with variable interest rates or principal not-guaranteed with certain financial institutions. We are exposed to
credit risk in relation to our investments in wealth management products, which may adversely affect our net
changes in their fair value. We cannot assure you that market conditions and regulatory environment will create
fair value gains and we will not incur any fair value losses on our investments in wealth management products at
fair value through profit or loss in the future. If we incur such fair value losses, our results of operations, financial
condition and prospects may be adversely affected.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         63
     Part I (Continued)




          A severe or prolonged slowdown in the Chinese or global economy could materially and adversely affect
          our business and financial condition.
          The global macroeconomic environment faces numerous challenges. The growth rate of the Chinese economy
          has been slowing since 2010 and the Chinese population began to decline in 2022. The Russia-Ukraine conflict,
          the Hamas-Israel conflict and the attacks on shipping in the Red Sea have heightened geopolitical tensions
          across the world. The impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on Ukraine food exports has contributed to increases
          in food prices and thus to inflation more generally. There have also been concerns about the relationship
          between China and other countries which may potentially have economic effects. In particular, there is significant
          uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to a wide range of
          issues including trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Economic conditions in China are
          sensitive to global economic conditions, as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the
          expected or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or
          Chinese economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.


          We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could
          harm our business and competitive position.
          We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and similar
          intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on a combination of intellectual property laws and
          contractual arrangements, including confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with
          our employees and others, to protect our proprietary rights. Although we are not aware of any copycat websites
          that attempt to cause confusion or diversion of traffic from us at the moment, we may become an attractive
          target to such attacks in the future because of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China.
          Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or
          misappropriated, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages.
          In addition, there can be no assurance that our patent applications will be approved, that any issued patents
          will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be challenged by third parties or
          found by a judicial authority to be invalid or unenforceable. Further, because of the rapid pace of technological
          change in our industry, parts of our business rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we
          may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on
          reasonable terms.


          Under the applicable laws and regulations relating to intellectual property, it may take months or even years
          to register, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights. Confidentiality, invention assignment and
          non-compete agreements may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies
          available to us for any such breach. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual
          property rights or to enforce our contractual rights when needed. Policing any unauthorized use of our intellectual
          property is difficult and costly and the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent the infringement or
          misappropriation of our intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual
          property rights, such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial
          resources, and could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or narrowed in scope. We can




64   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




provide no assurance that we will prevail in such litigation, and even if we do prevail, we may not obtain a
meaningful recovery. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be
independently discovered by, our competitors. Any failure in maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual
property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and
may disrupt our business and operations.
We cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or
otherwise violate patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have been,
and from time to time in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual
property rights of others. In addition, there may be other third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our
products or services, the products or services provided by third-party merchants on our marketplace, or other
aspects of our business. There could also be existing patents of which we are not aware that our products may
inadvertently infringe. We cannot assure you that holders of patents purportedly relating to some aspect of our
technology platform or business, if any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce such patents against us in
China, the United States or any other jurisdictions. Further, the application and interpretation of China’s patent
laws and the procedures and standards for granting patents in China are still evolving and are uncertain, and
we cannot assure you that PRC courts or regulatory authorities would agree with our analysis. If we are found
to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be subject to liability for our infringement
activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be
forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition, we may incur significant expenses, and may be forced
to divert management’s time and other resources from our business and operations to defend against these
third-party infringement claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims made
against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations
by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question. Finally, we use open-source software
in connection with our products and services. Companies that incorporate open-source software into their
products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open-source software
and compliance with open-source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming
ownership of what we believe to be open-source software or non-compliance with open-source licensing terms.
Some open-source software licenses require users who distribute open-source software as part of their software
to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and make available any derivative works of
the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Any requirement to disclose our source code or pay
damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations and financial condition.


We have limited insurance coverage, which could expose us to significant costs and business disruption.
We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
facilities. We also maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at various locations. We also
participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments
including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and
medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident insurance for all employees and
supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and other professional personnel. However,


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         65
     Part I (Continued)




          insurance companies in China currently offer limited business-related insurance products. We do not maintain
          business interruption insurance or product liability insurance for most of our operations, nor do we maintain key-
          man insurance. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from any loss or that
          we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely basis, or at all. If
          we incur any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is significantly less
          than our actual loss, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
          affected.


          Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has considerable influence over important corporate matters.
          Our dual-class voting structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage
          others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/
          or our ADSs may view as beneficial.
          Our company is controlled through a dual class voting structure. Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has
          considerable influence over important corporate matters. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary
          shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share in
          respect of matters requiring the votes of shareholders, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled
          to twenty votes per share, subject to certain exceptions. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one
          Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into
          Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any direct or indirect transfer of Class B ordinary shares
          or associated voting power by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder,
          such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A
          ordinary shares. Due to the disparate voting powers associated with our two classes of ordinary shares, as of
          March 18, 2026, Mr. Liu was able to exercise 73.1% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
          3.6% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
          Limited. See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Share Ownership.” As a result, Mr. Liu has
          considerable influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or
          other business combination transactions. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate
          matters and could also discourage others from pursuing any potential merger, takeover or other change of
          control transactions, which could have the effect of depriving the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our
          ADSs of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price.


          The current tensions in international trade policies and rising political tensions, particularly between the
          United States and China, may adversely impact our business and operating results.
          The U.S. government has implemented policies restricting international trade and investment, such as tariffs,
          export controls, economic or trade sanctions, and foreign investment filing and approval requirements. These
          actions may materially and adversely affect international trade, global financial markets, and the stability of the
          global economic condition. In the past, the U.S. government has imposed higher tariffs on certain products
          imported from China to penalize China for what it characterizes as unfair trade practices. China has responded
          by imposing higher tariffs on certain products imported from the United States. For example, since early
          2025, the U.S. has implemented significant changes to the U.S. trade policy with China, including by imposing
          additional tariffs on Chinese imports. There remains considerable uncertainty regarding future tariff rates and
          the trajectory of the U.S.-China trade relations. The continued tensions and the prospect of escalating tariffs


66   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




could potentially impact the Chinese economy. As of the date of this annual report, there is still a high degree
of uncertainty surrounding the U.S. tariff policy, how it will be implemented, and how other countries will react
to it. It also remains uncertain whether increased tariffs and trade tensions will create further disruptions and
uncertainties to the international trade and lead to a downturn to the global economy. In addition, regional
conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the unstable situations in the Middle East and the Red Sea,
have heightened geopolitical tensions across the world, which may create disruptions and uncertainties to oil
prices, inflation, the international finance market and the global economy. Any severe or prolonged slowdown or
unstable situations in the Chinese or global economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition.


In addition, we have been closely monitoring policies in the United States designed to restrict certain Chinese
companies from supplying or operating in the U.S. market. These policies include the Clean Network project
initiated by the U.S. Department of State in August 2020, new authorities granted to the Department of
Commerce to prohibit or restrict the use of information and communications technology and services, or ICTS, and
Executive Order on Protecting America’s Sensitive Data from Foreign Adversaries published in June 2021. While a
substantial majority of our business is conducted in China, policies like these may deter U.S. users from accessing
and/or using our apps, products and services, which could adversely impact our user experience and reputation.


The United States government has taken efforts to limit the outbound U.S. investments to China. In August
2023, an executive order was issued by the Biden administration to restrict U.S. investments in sensitive
technologies in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, and Macau, such as advanced computing chips, quantum
technology, and artificial intelligence. On October 28, 2024, the U.S. Department of Treasury issued a final rule
to implement the executive order, providing details on technical specifications and other aspects of the operative
regulations, which came into effect on January 2, 2025. This is referred to as the Outbound Investment Rule.
The Outbound Investment Rule imposes investment prohibitions and notification requirements on U.S. persons
for a wide range of investments in entities associated with “countries of concern,” currently only China,
that are engaged in activities relating to (i) semiconductors and microelectronics, (ii) quantum information
technologies, and (iii) artificial intelligence systems. These entities are collectively defined as “Covered Foreign
Persons.” U.S. persons subject to the Outbound Investment Rule are prohibited from making, or required to
report, transactions involving Covered Foreign Persons that are defined as “covered transactions,” although
the Outbound Investment Rule excludes some investments from the scope of covered transactions, including
those in publicly traded securities. The Outbound Investment Rule introduces new hurdles and uncertainties
for cross-border collaborations, investments, and funding opportunities of China-based issuers including us. We
do not believe JD.com, Inc. would be defined as a Covered Foreign Person under the Outbound Investment
Rule. However, there is no assurance that the U.S. Department of Treasury will take the same view as ours.
If JD.com, Inc. were to be deemed a “Covered Foreign Person,” and if U.S. persons were to engage in a
“covered transaction” (as defined under the Outbound Investment Rule) that involves the acquisition of our
equity interests, such U.S. persons may need to make a notification pursuant to the Outbound Investment
Rule. In addition, even though U.S. persons’ acquisitions of publicly traded securities (such as our ADSs) will
be exempted from the scope of covered transactions under the Outbound Investment Rule, the rule could still
limit our ability to raise capital or contingent equity capital from U.S. investors given that the relevant laws,
regulations, and policies continue to evolve and we cannot rule out the possibility of being deemed a Covered


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        67
     Part I (Continued)




          Foreign Person in the future due to different views taken by the U.S. Department of Treasury, potential
          amendments to the Outbound Investment Rule or the introduction of additional regulations. For example, on
          December 18, 2025, the Comprehensive Outbound Investment National Security Act of 2025, or the COINS
          Act, was signed into law. The COINS Act largely preserves the core framework of the Outbound Investment
          Rule, while expanding its scope and coverage in certain respects. The COINS Act will not become effective
          until the U.S. Department of the Treasury issues implementing regulations, which must be promulgated
          through notice-and-comment rulemaking and no later than March 13, 2027. Accordingly, the Treasury may
          amend, expand or otherwise modify existing outbound investment prohibitions and restrictions pursuant to the
          COINS Act. Furthermore, on February 21, 2025, the White House released President Trump’s “America First
          Investment Policy” memorandum, outlining several initiatives to incentivize investment from U.S. allies and
          partners while restricting investments involving “foreign adversaries” including China. Among other things, the
          policy aims to expand the industry sectors covered by the U.S. outbound investment regulations, potentially
          narrow related exceptions (including those related to publicly traded securities) and supplement outbound
          restrictions through the imposition of sanctions. As of the date of this annual report, the proposed changes
          under the America First Investment Policy are not implemented, although the proposed restrictions may further
          deepen the uncertainties for cross-border collaborations, investments, and funding opportunities for China-based
          issuers including us. If our ability to raise such capital is significantly and negatively affected, it could be
          detrimental to our business, financial condition and prospects, and our ADSs may significantly decline in value.


          The U.S. government may potentially impose a ban prohibiting U.S. persons from making investments in or
          engaging in transactions with companies in certain countries, including China. The United States and various
          foreign governments have also imposed controls, license requirements and restrictions on the import or export
          of technologies and products (or voiced the intention to do so). For example, on September 29, 2025, the U.S.
          Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) issued an immediately effective interim final
          rule that, among others, extends Entity List and Military End-User List restrictions to entities that are 50% or
          more owned, directly or indirectly, by parties designated on those lists. This rule is currently suspended for
          one year. If implemented, these measures are expected to have significant impact on the targeted countries,
          markets and/or entities, making compliance more complicated and time-consuming and increasing the risk of
          inadvertent omissions. Measures such as these could deter suppliers in the United States and/or other countries
          that impose sanctions, export controls and other restrictions from providing technologies and products to,
          making investments in, or otherwise engaging in transactions with Chinese companies. As a result, Chinese
          companies would have to identify and secure alternative supplies or sources of financing, while they may not be
          able to do so in a timely manner and at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, Chinese companies
          may have to limit and reduce their research and development and other business activities, or cease conducting
          transactions with parties, in the United States and other countries that impose export controls or other
          restrictions. Like other Chinese companies, we may be affected by such sanctions, export controls or other
          restrictions, and we may also be exposed to risks in dealing with business partners that are subject to sanctions,
          export controls or other restrictions. As a result, we could be required to incur additional costs to comply with
          these complicated regulations and measures and could face penalties for any violation, even inadvertent, which
          could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




68   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




We may be the subject of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties
including complaints to regulatory agencies, negative blog postings, and the public dissemination of
malicious assessments of our business that could harm our reputation and cause us to lose market share,
customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
We may be the target of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties. Such conduct
includes complaints, anonymous or otherwise, to regulatory agencies. Our brand name and our business may
be harmed by aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our competitors. We may be subject to
government or regulatory investigation as a result of such third-party conduct and may be required to expend
significant time and incur substantial costs to address such third-party conduct, and there is no assurance
that we will be able to conclusively refute each of the allegations within a reasonable period of time, or at
all. Additionally, allegations, directly or indirectly against us, may be posted on social media or websites by
anyone, whether or not related to us, on an anonymous basis. Consumers value readily available information
concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information without
further investigation or authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability of information on
social media platforms and devices is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices
immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on the
accuracy of the content posted. Information posted may be inaccurate and adverse to us, and it may harm our
financial performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity
for redress or correction. Our reputation may be negatively affected as a result of the public dissemination of
anonymous allegations or malicious statements about our business, which in turn may cause us to lose market
share, customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


We face risks related to natural disasters, health epidemics and other public safety concerns.
Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics or other public
safety concerns affecting the PRC. Any such occurrences could cause severe disruption to our daily operations,
including our fulfillment infrastructure and our customer service centers, and may even require a temporary
closure of our facilities. In addition, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that
any such occurrence affects our suppliers, customers or business partners or harms the Chinese economy
in general. Furthermore, to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other public safety concern
adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other
risks described in this annual report, such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate
sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in
the agreements that govern our indebtedness. If any natural disasters, health epidemics or other public safety
concerns were to cause our operations to experience material disruptions, our business, financial condition and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        69
     Part I (Continued)




          If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
          Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
          results and the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be adversely affected.
          We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404
          of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management
          report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting in its annual report, which contains
          management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. In
          addition, an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of the
          company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our management has concluded that our internal control over
          financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. See “Controls and Procedures.”


          However, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our management
          and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude that we have effective
          internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. This could in turn result in the loss of
          investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively impact the trading price of our
          Class A ordinary shares and ADSs. Furthermore, we have incurred and may need to incur additional costs and
          use additional management and other resources in an effort to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
          Act and other requirements going forward.




70   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in
connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for
how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.
PRC laws and regulations in relation to overseas issuance and listing of shares have been evolving. On July 6,
2021, the PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities Activities
in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over
illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to
take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and
incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. As a follow-up, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC
released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31, 2023.


The Trial Measures establish a new filing-based regime to regulate overseas offerings of stocks, depository
receipts, convertible corporate bond, or other equity securities, and overseas listing of these securities for
trading, by domestic companies. According to the Trial Measures, an overseas offering and listing by a domestic
company, whether directly or indirectly, shall be filed with the CSRC. According to the Trial Measures, an
issuer like us is required to submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offering and other equivalent offering
activities, within a specific time frame. The Trial Measures also sets forth certain regulatory red lines for
overseas offerings and listings by domestic enterprises and additional reporting obligations for listed companies
in the case of material changes. Any failure to perform such filing or reporting procedure would subject us to
administrative penalties by the CSRC which could harm our reputation and may adversely affect our results
of financial condition. For more details of the Trial Measures, please refer to “Information on the Company —
Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A.”


Furthermore, on February 24, 2023, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and
Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises, or, the
Confidentiality Provisions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Confidentiality Provisions,
any future inspection or investigation conducted by overseas securities regulator or the competent authorities
on our PRC domestic companies with respect to our overseas issuance and listing shall be carried out in the
manner in compliance with PRC laws and regulations.


In addition, we cannot assure you that any new rules or regulations promulgated in the future will not impose
additional requirements on us. If it is determined in the future that approval and filing from the CSRC or other
regulatory authorities or other procedures are required for our offshore offerings, it is uncertain whether we can,
or how long it will take us to, obtain such approval or complete such filing procedures and any such approval
or filing could be rescinded or rejected. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval or completing
such filing procedures for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval or filing if obtained by us,
would subject us to sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to seek CSRC approval
or filing or other government authorization for our offshore offerings. Any uncertainties or negative publicity
regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition, reputation, and the trading price of our listed securities.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        71
     Part I (Continued)




          The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work
          performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
          Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.
          Our Form 20-F auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
          in Form 20-F, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with
          the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections
          to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our Form 20-F auditor is located in China,
          a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely
          before 2022. As a result, we and investors in our ADSs were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB
          inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China in the past has made it more
          difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures or
          quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections.
          On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and
          removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or
          investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the PCAOB determines in the future that
          it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland or
          Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
          on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we and investors in our ADSs would be deprived of the benefits
          of such PCAOB inspections again, which could cause investors and potential investors in our ADSs to lose
          confidence in the audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.


          Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
          PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs,
          or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.
          Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by an independent
          registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection for the PCAOB for two consecutive
          years, the SEC will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the
          over-the-counter trading market in the United States.


          On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB
          was unable to inspect or investigate completely independent registered public accounting firms headquartered
          in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, and our Form 20-F auditor was subject to that determination. In
          May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the
          filing of our Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB
          removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or
          investigate completely independent registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we were not identified
          as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 2022, 2023 or 2024 and do not expect to be identified so after we file our Form 20-F for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 2025.




72   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the
Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it
no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and
Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer
following the filing of our Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. In accordance with the HFCAA, our securities
would be prohibited from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading
market in the United States if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years in
the future. Although our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and our
ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are fully fungible, we cannot assure your that an active trading market for our
Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained or that the ADSs can be converted
and traded with sufficient market recognition and liquidity, if our shares and ADSs are prohibited from trading in
the United States. A prohibition of being able to trade in the United States would substantially impair your ability
to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting
would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, such a prohibition
would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects.


We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and
public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is
charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded,
and the various regulatory authorities in China and the Cayman Islands, and to new and evolving regulatory
measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have
resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.


Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to ongoing interpretations, their
application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any
subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.


Our international expansion strategy and ability to conduct business in international markets may be
adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks.
International expansion is a significant component of our growth strategy and may require significant capital
investment, which could strain our resources and adversely impact current performance, while adding
complexity to our current operations. We are subject to PRC law in addition to the laws of the foreign countries
in which we operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could
become subject to sanctions or other penalties, which could negatively affect our reputation, business and
operating results.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        73
     Part I (Continued)




          In addition, we may face operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business
          and results of operations, if we fail to address certain factors including the following:


          •    difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a foreign operation as a result of distance,
               language and cultural differences;

          •    challenges in formulating effective local sales and marketing strategies targeting users from various
               jurisdictions and cultures, who have a diverse range of preferences and demands;

          •    challenges in identifying appropriate local business partners and establishing and maintaining good working
               relationships with them;

          •    dependence on local platforms in marketing our international products and services overseas;

          •    challenges in selecting suitable geographical regions for international business;

          •    longer customer payment cycles;

          •    currency exchange rate fluctuations;

          •    political or social unrest or economic instability;

          •    protectionist or national security policies that restrict our ability to invest in or acquire companies; develop,
               import or export certain technologies, such as the national AI initiative proposed by the U.S. government; or
               utilize technologies that are deemed by local governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national security;

          •    compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations and unexpected changes in laws or regulations,
               including compliance with privacy laws and data security laws, including the European Union General Data
               Protection Regulation and compliance costs across different legal systems;

          •    differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations or other
               trade barriers or restrictions which may be applicable to transactions conducted through our international
               and cross-border platforms, related compliance obligations and consequences of non-compliance, and any
               new developments in these areas; and

          •    increased costs associated with doing business in foreign jurisdictions.

          One or more of these factors could harm our overseas operations and consequently, could harm our overall
          results of operations. In addition, legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate
          may enact changes to, or seek to enforce novel interpretations of, their tax rules. These changes could include
          amendments that have temporary effect as well as more permanent changes. For example, the Organization
          for Economic Cooperation and Development, or the OECD, the European Union and other countries (including
          countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax
          principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. In particular, the OECD’s Pillar Two initiative
          introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis, which became effective in many


74   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




jurisdictions in which we operate starting January 1, 2024. The impact of these potential new rules and any
other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations could have a material and adverse effect
on our effective tax rate, and we will continue to evaluate the impact of these changes.


Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the
consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these
laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe
penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
Under current PRC laws and regulations, foreign ownership of certain of our businesses is subject to
restrictions, such as value-added telecommunication services and domestic document delivery services. For
example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added
telecommunication service provider (excluding e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, data
collection and transmission services and call centers), except for certain limited pilot regions under a pilot
program.


We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our PRC subsidiaries Jingdong Century, Shanghai
Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Xinchuan Hailian are considered foreign-invested enterprises. Accordingly, our PRC
subsidiaries may not be eligible to provide certain restricted services related to our businesses. As a result,
we conduct or will conduct such business activities through the consolidated variable interest entities and
their subsidiaries in PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Beijing
Jingbangda. Jingdong 360 holds our ICP license as an internet information provider. Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
primarily provides courier services through Beijing Jingbangda and its subsidiaries.


We entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and their respective shareholders, which enable us to:


•   receive substantially all of the economic benefits of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
    Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China; and


•   have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an
    Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China when and to the extent permitted by PRC law.

Because of these contractual arrangements, we are the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and hence consolidate their financial results
as the consolidated variable interest entities. For a detailed discussion of these contractual arrangements, see
“Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         75
     Part I (Continued)




          In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of the consolidated variable
          interest entities in China and the PRC subsidiaries that have entered into contractual arrangements with the
          variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, comply with all existing PRC laws and regulations; and
          (ii) the contractual arrangements between the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable interest
          entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, legally binding and enforceable, and
          will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.


          However, we are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable
          interest entities and we conduct certain of our operations in China through the consolidated variable interest
          entities with which we have maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary
          shares thus are not purchasing equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead
          are purchasing equity interest in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that
          the contractual arrangements with constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not
          comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in
          the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
          We may not be able to repay the notes and other indebtedness, and the securities we are registering may
          decline in value or become worthless, if the determinations, changes, or interpretations result in our inability to
          assert contractual control over the assets of the consolidated variable interest entities. Our holding company in
          the Cayman Islands, the consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty
          about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual
          arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial
          performance of the consolidated variable interest entities and our company as a group.


          Our PRC legal counsel has also advised us that there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
          application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules; accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities
          may take a view that is different from the opinion of our PRC legal counsel in the future. It is uncertain whether
          any other new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if
          adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of the consolidated variable interest entities are found to be
          in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required
          permits or approvals, the PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with
          such violations or failures, including:


          •    revoking the business licenses of such entities;


          •    discontinuing or restricting the conduct of any transactions between certain of our PRC subsidiaries and
               variable interest entities;


          •    imposing fines, confiscating the income from the consolidated variable interest entities, or imposing other
               requirements with which we or the consolidated variable interest entities may not be able to comply;




76   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




•   requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the contractual
    arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and deregistering the equity pledges of
    the consolidated variable interest entities, which in turn would affect our ability to consolidate or derive
    economic interests from the consolidated variable interest entities; or


•   restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any of our financing outside China to finance our
    business and operations in China.

The imposition of any of these penalties would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct
our business. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on
our ability to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities in our consolidated
financial statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find our legal structure and contractual
arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government
actions causes us to lose our right to direct the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities or our right
to receive substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from the consolidated variable interest
entities and we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner,
we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities
in our consolidated financial statements. Either of these results, or any other significant penalties that might
be imposed on us in this event, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.


Although we believe we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities comply with current
PRC laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that the PRC government would agree that our contractual
arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or
with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. The PRC government has broad discretion in
determining rectifiable or punitive measures for non-compliance with or violations of PRC laws and regulations.
If the PRC government determines that we or the consolidated variable interest entities do not comply with
applicable law, it could revoke the consolidated variable interest entities’ business and operating licenses,
require the consolidated variable interest entities to discontinue or restrict the consolidated variable interest
entities’ operations, restrict the consolidated variable interest entities’ right to collect revenues, block the
consolidated variable interest entities’ websites, require the consolidated variable interest entities to restructure
our operations, impose additional conditions or requirements with which the consolidated variable interest
entities may not be able to comply, impose restrictions on the consolidated variable interest entities’ business
operations or on their customers, or take other regulatory or enforcement actions against the consolidated
variable interest entities that could be harmful to their business. Any of these or similar occurrences could
significantly disrupt our or the consolidated variable interest entities’ business operations or restrict the
consolidated variable interest entities from conducting a substantial portion of their business operations, which
could materially and adversely affect the consolidated variable interest entities’ business, financial condition
and results of operations. If any of these occurrences results in our inability to direct the activities of any of the
consolidated variable interest entities that most significantly impact its economic performance, and/or our failure
to receive the economic benefits from any of the consolidated variable interest entities, we may not be able to
consolidate these entities in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025         77
     Part I (Continued)




          We rely on contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners
          for a portion of our business operations, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
          operational control.
          We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and its
          shareholders to hold our ICP license as an internet information provider, contractual arrangements with Jiangsu
          Yuanzhou and its shareholders to conduct the distribution of books and audio and video products and contractual
          arrangements with other variable interest entities for the restricted businesses. For a description of these
          contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” These contractual
          arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the consolidated
          variable interest entities.


          If we had direct ownership of the consolidated variable interest entities, we would be able to exercise our
          rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of those entities, which in turn could effect
          changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level. However, under the current
          contractual arrangements, we rely on the performance by the consolidated variable interest entities and their
          respective shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control over the consolidated
          variable interest entities. However, the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may not act in
          the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks exist
          throughout the period in which we intend to operate our business through the contractual arrangements with
          the consolidated variable interest entities. We may replace the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest
          entities at any time pursuant to our contractual arrangements with them and their shareholders. However, if any
          dispute relating to these contracts remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under these contracts
          through the operations of PRC law and courts and therefore will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal
          system. See “— Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
          obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our
          business.” Therefore, our contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities may not be
          as effective in ensuring our control over the relevant portion of our business operations as direct ownership
          would be.


          Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
          obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on
          our business.
          If the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations
          under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources
          to enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, including seeking
          specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective.
          For example, if the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities were to refuse to transfer their
          equity interest in the variable interest entities to us or our designee when we exercise the purchase option
          pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, we may
          have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations.




78   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




All the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution
of disputes through arbitration in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with
PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. See “— Risks Related
to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could
adversely affect us.” Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual
arrangements in the context of a variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law, and
as a result it may be difficult to predict how an arbitration panel would view such contractual arrangements. As
a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements.
Additionally, under PRC law, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts,
and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing
parties may only enforce the arbitration awards in PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings,
which would require additional expenses and delay.


The consolidated variable interest entities, including their subsidiaries, hold our necessary licenses and permits,
including ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits and Practicing License for Medical Institutions, and
conduct our sales of books and audio and video products (including publication of e-books and online audio and
video products). In the event we are unable to enforce our contractual arrangements, our ability to conduct
these businesses may be negatively affected. We generate the majority of our revenues from products and
services that are offered to customers through our mobile apps and websites and any interruption in our ability
to use our mobile apps and websites may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.


The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest
with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
Mr. Qin Miao, Ms. Yayun Li, Ms. Pang Zhang and Ms. Tingting Sui are the shareholders of our significant
consolidated variable interest entities. Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li was a
senior vice president of our company, Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer, and Ms. Tingting
Sui is a vice president of our company.


The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us.
These shareholders may breach, or cause the consolidated variable interest entities to breach, or refuse to
renew, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the consolidated variable interest entities,
which would have a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the consolidated variable
interest entities and receive substantially all the economic benefits from them. For example, the shareholders
may be able to cause our agreements with the consolidated variable interest entities to be performed in a
manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements
to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise, any or all of these
shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved in our favor.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         79
     Part I (Continued)




          Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these
          shareholders and our company. If we cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and the
          shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which
          could result in disruption of our business and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such
          legal proceedings.


          We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any
          cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
          to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
          We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC
          subsidiaries like Jingdong Century for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to
          pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may incur. If these
          subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
          their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require
          Jingdong Century or any other relevant PRC subsidiary to adjust its taxable income under the contractual
          arrangements it currently has in place with the consolidated variable interest entities in a manner that would
          materially and adversely affect its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. See “— Contractual
          arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax
          authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe additional taxes, which could
          negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.”


          Under PRC laws and regulations, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may pay
          dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
          standards and regulations. In addition, a PRC enterprise is required to set aside at least 10% of its accumulated
          after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund
          reaches 50% of its registered capital.


          Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could
          materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to
          our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. The funds in our PRC subsidiaries or
          the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for
          other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations
          on the ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC
          government on cash transfers. Although currently there are not equivalent or similar restrictions or limitations
          in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities, if certain restrictions or limitations in the
          Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities in the future,
          the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside
          of Hong Kong. See also “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — If we are classified as a PRC resident
          enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us
          and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”




80   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and
governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to
our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.
We are an offshore holding company conducting our operations in the Chinese mainland through our PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the
consolidated variable interest entities subject to the approval from governmental authorities and limitation of
amount, or we may make additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
mainland.


Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which are treated as foreign-
invested enterprises under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan registrations. For
example, loans by us to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to finance their activities
cannot exceed statutory limits, i.e., the difference between its total amount of investment and its registered
capital, or certain amount calculated based on elements including capital or net assets, the cross-border
financing leverage ratio and the macro prudential coefficient (“Macro-prudential Management Mode”) under
PRC laws and the loans must be registered with the local counterpart of the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange, or SAFE, or filed with SAFE in its information system. We may also provide loans to the consolidated
variable interest entities or other domestic PRC entities under the Macro-prudential Management Mode.
According to the Circular of the People’s Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on
Upregulating the Macro-prudent Adjustment Parameter for Cross-border Financing issued on January 13, 2025,
the People’s Bank of China and the SAFE have decided to raise the macro prudential coefficient for cross-border
financing of enterprises and financial institutions from 1.5 to 1.75. As a result, the limit for the total amount
of foreign debt under the Macro-prudential Management Mode is adjusted to three and a half times of their
respective net assets.


Moreover, any medium or long-term loan to be provided by us to the consolidated variable interest entities or
other domestic PRC entities must also be registered with the NDRC.


We may also decide to finance our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland by means of
capital contributions. These capital contributions shall go through record-filing procedures from competent
administration for market regulation. SAFE issued the Circular on the Management Concerning the Reform of
the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, which took effect
on June 1, 2015. This circular allows for the use of RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated
capital for equity investments in the PRC provided that such usage shall fall into the scope of business of
the foreign-invested enterprise, which will be regarded as the reinvestment of foreign-invested enterprise.
In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular Regarding Further Promotion of the Facilitation of Cross-Border
Trade and Investment on October 23, 2019, pursuant to which all foreign-invested enterprises can make
equity investments in the PRC with their capital funds in accordance with the law. The Circular Regarding
Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the Stabilization of Foreign Trade and Foreign
Investment jointly promulgated by the People’s Bank of China, NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        81
     Part I (Continued)




          State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the China Banking
          and Insurance Regulatory Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020 and effective on February 4, 2021
          allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic reinvestment with RMB capital in
          accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing regulations and the invested projects
          in China are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital
          accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit
          account for RMB capital.


          Due to the restrictions imposed on loans in foreign currencies extended to any PRC domestic companies, we
          may not be able to make such loans to the subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
          mainland and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland. Meanwhile, we may not be
          able to finance the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities by means of capital contributions
          given the restrictions on foreign investment in the businesses that are currently conducted by the consolidated
          variable interest entities.


          In light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC
          entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary
          government registrations or record-filings on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC
          subsidiaries or any consolidated variable interest entity or future capital contributions by us to our wholly
          foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide
          prompt financial support to our PRC subsidiaries or consolidated variable interest entities when needed. If we
          fail to complete such registrations or record-filings, our ability to use foreign currency, including the proceeds
          we received from our initial public offering, and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be
          negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
          our business.


          Contractual arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to
          scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe
          additional taxes, which could negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.
          Under applicable PRC laws and regulations, transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or
          challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities deem the transactions between the PRC
          subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China, and their respective shareholders were not
          entered into on an arm’s-length basis and resulted in deferral or underpayment in taxes, they are entitled to
          make special tax adjustments which might result in the increase of the variable interest entities’ tax liabilities. If
          the tax authorities conduct special tax adjustments, they might impose interest charges for the underpaid taxes.
          Our financial position could be adversely affected if the consolidated variable interest entities’ tax liabilities
          increase or if they are required to pay interest charge.




82   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign
Investment Law.
On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC Foreign Investment Law, which has
become effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced the outgoing laws regulating foreign investment in China,
namely, the PRC Equity Joint Venture Law, the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly Foreign-
owned Enterprise Law, as well their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. See “Information on the
Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to on Foreign Investment.”


Meanwhile, the Implementation Rules to the Foreign Investment Law came into effect as of January 1, 2020,
which clarified and elaborated the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law. However, uncertainties
still exist in relation to interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law, especially in regard
to, including, among other things, the nature of variable interest entities contractual arrangements and specific
rules regulating the organization form of foreign-invested enterprises within the five-year transition period. While
Foreign Investment Law does not define contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment explicitly,
it has a catch-all provision under definition of “foreign investment” that includes investments made by foreign
investors in the PRC through other means as provided by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council,
we cannot assure you that future laws and regulations will not provide for contractual arrangements as a form
of foreign investment. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our control over the consolidated variable
interest entities through contractual arrangements will not be deemed as foreign investment in the future. In
the event that any possible implementing regulations of the Foreign Investment Law, any other future laws,
administrative regulations or provisions deem contractual arrangements as a way of foreign investment, or if any
of our operations through contractual arrangements is classified in the “restricted” or “prohibited” industry in
the future “negative list” under the Foreign Investment Law, our contractual arrangements may be deemed as
invalid and illegal, and we may be required to unwind the variable interest entity contractual arrangements and/
or dispose of any affected business. Also, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further
actions to be taken with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties
as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, under the Foreign
Investment Law, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should be imposed legal liabilities
for failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements. In addition, the Foreign
Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating
foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within a five-year transition period,
which means that we may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC
subsidiaries in such transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these
or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure,
corporate governance, financial condition and business operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        83
     Part I (Continued)




          Risks Related to Doing Business in China
          Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
          material and adverse effect on our business and operations.
          Substantially all of our operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of
          operations and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions
          in China generally and by continued economic growth in China as a whole.


          While the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, there can be no
          assurance that the growth would be maintained or equitable across sectors. The Chinese government has
          implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of
          these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may not have the same effect on us.


          In addition, the global macroeconomic environment is facing challenges. Geopolitical tension and conflicts,
          energy crisis, inflation risk, interest rate increases, instability in the financial system, and the tightening of
          monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve impose new challenges and uncertainties on the global economy. It
          is unclear whether these challenges and uncertainties will be contained or resolved, and what effects they may
          have on the global political and economic conditions in the long term.


          Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us.
          We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
          the Chinese mainland. Our operations in the Chinese mainland are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our
          PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the Chinese mainland.
          The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior
          court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. The PRC legal system is evolving
          rapidly, the rules and regulations in the Chinese mainland can change quickly with little advance notice, and the
          interpretation and enforcement of many laws, regulations and rules may involves uncertainties.


          From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights.
          Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
          of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities may have significant
          discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the
          outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties
          may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect
          our business and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based, in part, on government
          policies and internal rules, some of which may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not always be aware
          of any potential violation of these policies and rules. Such unpredictability towards our contractual, property and
          procedural rights could adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations.


          PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business and it has recently indicated an
          intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-
          based issuers. Any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
          offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.


84   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business
practices and incur increased costs.
We are subject to numerous PRC laws and regulations that regulate retailers generally or govern online retailers
specifically, such as the Consumer Protection Law. If these regulations were to change or if we, suppliers or
third-party merchants on our marketplace were to violate them, the costs of certain products or services could
increase, or we could be subject to fines or penalties or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand
for the products or services offered on our mobile apps and websites and hurt our business and results of
operations. For example, the amended Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014,
further strengthens the protection of consumers and imposes more stringent requirements and obligations
on business operators, especially on businesses that operate on the internet. Pursuant to the Consumer
Protection Law, except for certain types of products, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods,
consumers are generally entitled to return goods purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any
reasons if they purchased the goods over the internet. Consumers whose interests have been damaged due to
their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online marketplace platforms may claim damages from
merchants or service providers. Where the operators of an online marketplace platform are unable to provide
the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the merchants or service providers, the consumers may
also claim damages from the operators of the online marketplace platforms. Operators of online marketplace
platforms that know or should have known that merchants or service providers use their platforms to infringe
upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take necessary measures must bear joint and
several liability with the merchants or service providers. Moreover, if business operators deceive consumers or
knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not only compensate consumers for their losses,
but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of the goods or services. Legal requirements are
frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance
with these requirements or their effect on our operations. We may be required to make significant expenditures
or modify our business practices to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, which may increase our
costs and materially limit our ability to operate our business.


We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of
internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.
The PRC government extensively regulates the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the
licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the internet industry. These internet-related laws
and regulations are evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As a
result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to
be in violation of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to PRC government
regulation of the internet industry include, but are not limited to, the following:


We only have control over our websites through contractual arrangements. We do not own the websites
in the Chinese mainland due to the restriction of foreign investment in businesses providing value-added
telecommunication services in the Chinese mainland, including internet information provision services. This
may significantly disrupt our business, subject us to sanctions, compromise enforceability of related contractual
arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        85
     Part I (Continued)




          The evolving PRC regulatory system for the internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory
          agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the
          Cyberspace Administration of China (with the involvement of the State Council Information Office, the MIIT, and
          the Ministry of Public Security). The primary role of this agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative
          development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online
          content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the internet industry.


          New laws and regulations may be promulgated that will regulate internet activities, including online retail
          and internet information service. If these new laws and regulations are promulgated, additional licenses may
          be required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations at the time they
          become effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could
          be subject to penalties. For example, on February 25, 2023, the SAMR released the Administrative Measures
          for Internet Advertising, which came into effect on May 1, 2023 and replaced Interim Measures for the
          Administration of Internet Advertising. The Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising further strengthen
          the responsibilities of Internet platform operators and enhance their review obligation in Internet advertising
          activities. see “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations relating to
          Advertising Business.” Any failure to comply with the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising may
          result in administrative liabilities, including warnings, public denouncement, fines, enforcement orders requiring
          us to correct, suspension of business or even criminal liabilities, all of which may materially and adversely affect
          our business and results of operations.


          The Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in and Operation of Value-added
          Telecommunications Business, issued by the MIIT in July 2006, prohibits domestic telecommunication
          service providers from leasing, transferring or selling telecommunications business operating licenses to any
          foreign investor in any form, or providing any resources, sites or facilities to any foreign investor for their
          illegal operation of a telecommunications business in China. According to this circular, either the holder of a
          value-added telecommunication services operation permit or its shareholders must directly own the domain
          names and trademarks used by such license holders in their provision of value-added telecommunication
          services. The circular also requires each license holder to have the necessary facilities, including servers, for
          its approved business operations and to maintain such facilities in the regions covered by its license. If an ICP
          license holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a
          specified period of time, the MIIT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures
          against such license holder, including revoking its ICP license. Currently, Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated
          variable interest entities, holds an ICP license and operates our www.jd.com website. Jingdong 360 owns the
          domain names and registered trademarks and has the necessary personnel to operate such website.


          On February 7, 2021, the Anti-monopoly Commission of the State Council officially promulgated the Guidelines
          to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Internet Platforms. Pursuant to an official interpretation from the Anti-monopoly
          Commission of the State Council, these guidelines mainly cover five aspects, including general provisions,
          monopoly agreements, abuse of market dominance, concentration of undertakings, and abuse of administrative
          powers that eliminate or restrict competition. These guidelines prohibit certain monopolistic acts of internet
          platforms to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users and undertakings participating in


86   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




internet platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms with dominant position from
abusing their market dominance. Notably, the guidelines provide that any concentration of undertakings involving
variable interest entities fall within the scope of anti-monopoly review. If a concentration of undertakings meets
the criteria for declaration as stipulated by the State Council, an operator must report such concentration of
undertakings to the anti-monopoly enforcement agency. On June 24, 2022, the Standing Committee of the
National People’s Congress issued the amended Anti-Monopoly Law of the PRC (the “Anti-Monopoly Law”),
which came into effect on August 1, 2022. The Anti-monopoly Law increases the fines on business operators
for illegal concentration from no more than RMB500,000 to “no more than ten percent of the preceding year’s
sales revenue of the business operators if the concentration of business operators has or may have an effect
of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine of up to RMB5 million if the concentration of business operators
does not have an effect of excluding or limiting competition.” The Anti-Monopoly Law also specifies that
the government authority may require the operators to make a declaration where there is evidence that the
concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition, even if such concentration
does not reach the filing threshold. In addition, as an Internet platform operator, we also need to comply with
the prohibitions against abusing market dominance under the Anti-Monopoly Law. In particular, operators with
a dominant market position are prohibited from abusing their market position by leveraging data and algorithms,
technologies, and platform rules. This includes prohibiting, without justified reasons, forcing counterparties to
trade exclusively with themselves or with designated operators. Therefore, acquisitions of other entities that
we have completed before or may attempt in the future (whether by ourselves, our subsidiaries or through
the consolidated variable interest entities) and that meet the criteria for declaration may be required to be
reported to, and approved by, the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement agency. We may be subject to penalty if
we fail to comply with such requirement and, in extreme case, may be ordered to terminate the contemplated
concentration, to dispose of our equity or asset within a prescribed period, to transfer the business within a
prescribed time or to take any other necessary measures to return to the pre-concentration status. We received
inquiries from SAMR in the past. Due to the enhanced enforcement of the Anti-Monopoly Law, we may receive
greater scrutiny and attention from regulators and more frequent and rigid investigation or review by regulators,
which will increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges. We cannot assure
you that our business operations comply with the regulations and authorities’ requirements in all respects. If
any non-compliance is raised by the authorities and determined against us, we may be subject to fines and
other penalties. In addition, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Anti-Unfair
Competition Law”), which was amended by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress on
June 27, 2025 and became effective on October 15, 2025, and the principal amendments include (i) improving
provisions that explicitly prohibit business operators from engaging in unfair competition practices by utilizing
data and algorithms, technology, platform rules and other means; (ii) expanding the targets of commercial
defamation from competitors to other business operators; (iii) adding provisions to address “involution-style
competition”; (iv) raising the maximum fines for certain unfair competition acts such as commercial bribery and
commercial defamation; and (v) introducing an administrative regulatory interview system. There are significant
uncertainties on the evolving legislative activities and varied local implementation practices of anti-monopoly and
competition laws and regulations in China, especially with respect to the interpretation and implementation of
the Anti-Monopoly Law and Anti-Unfair Competition Law. We may have to spend much more personnel cost and
time evaluating and managing these risks and challenges in connection with our products and services as well




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        87
     Part I (Continued)




          as our investments in our ordinary business course to avoid any failure to comply with these regulations. Any
          failure or perceived failure by us to comply with these regulations may result in governmental investigations,
          regulatory proceedings or enforcement actions such as imposing fines and/or other penalties, litigations or
          claims against us and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of
          operations.


          The Interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws,
          regulations or policies relating to the internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the
          legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, internet businesses in
          China, including our business. We cannot assure you that we have obtained all the permits or licenses required
          for conducting our business in China or will be able to maintain our existing licenses or obtain new ones.


          The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material
          adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
          We conduct our business primarily in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations.
          The PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business, and may intervene or
          influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material adverse change in our operation and/or
          the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent
          to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in
          China-based issuers. For example, on July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities made public the Opinions
          on Strictly Scrutinizing Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the
          need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
          by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of
          regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. On
          December 28, 2021, the NDRC, the MIIT, and several other administrations jointly published the Cybersecurity
          Review Measures, effective on February 15, 2022, which required that, among others, operators of “critical
          information infrastructure” purchasing network products and services or network platform operators carrying
          out data processing activities, that affect or may affect national security, shall apply with the Cybersecurity
          Review Office for a cybersecurity review. In addition, a network platform operator holding over one million
          users’ personal information shall apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before
          any public offering at a foreign stock exchange. It remains uncertain how PRC governmental authorities will
          regulate overseas listing in general and whether we are required to obtain any specific regulatory approvals
          from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our offshore offerings. If the CSRC, CAC
          or other regulatory agencies later promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals
          for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or at all,
          and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could significantly limit or
          completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities
          to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations directly
          targeting our operations could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors of
          our company and our business face potential uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting
          our business.




88   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by PRC
regulations may subject us to penalties.
Companies operating in the Chinese mainland are required to participate in various government sponsored
employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment
obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses
and allowances, of our employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time
to time at locations where we operate our businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not
been implemented consistently by the local governments in the Chinese mainland given the different levels of
economic development in different locations. The government authorities may examine whether an employer
has made adequate payments of the requisite employee benefit payments, and employers who fail to make
adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees, fines and/or other penalties. Although almost all of
our PRC operating entities incorporated in various locations in the Chinese mainland have made the required
employee benefit payments, we cannot assure you that we are able to make adequate contribution in a timely
manner at all time. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid employee benefits, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

We may be required to register some operating offices as branch offices under PRC law.
Under PRC law, a company setting up premises for business operations outside its residence address must
register them as branch offices with the local market regulation bureau at the place where the premises are
located and obtain business licenses for them as branch offices. As of December 31, 2025, our comprehensive
fulfillment facilities cover almost all the counties and districts across China. We may be required to register
those operating offices outside of the residence addresses of our relevant PRC entities as branch offices under
PRC law. As of the date of this annual report, we were able to register branch offices in all of the important
locations where we had meaningful presence. Furthermore, we may expand our fulfillment network in the
future to additional locations in China, and we may not be able to register branch offices in a timely manner due
to complex procedural requirements and relocation of branch offices from time to time. If the PRC regulatory
authorities determine that we are in violation of the applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to
penalties, including fines, confiscation of income and suspension of operation. If we become subject to these
penalties, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely
affected.

Regulation and censorship of information disseminated over the internet in China may adversely affect
our business, and we may be liable for content that is displayed on our websites.
China has enacted laws and regulations governing internet access and the distribution of products, services,
news, information, audio-video programs and other content through the internet. In the past, the PRC
government has prohibited the distribution of information through the internet that it deems to be in violation
of PRC laws and regulations. In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of
China promulgated the Cyber Security Law, with the most recent amendment coming into effect on January 1,
2026, to protect cyberspace security and order. Cyber Security Law tightens control of cyber security and
sets forth various security protection obligations for network operators. If any of our internet information were
deemed by the PRC government to violate any content restrictions, we would not be able to continue to display
such content and could become subject to penalties, including confiscation of income, fines, suspension of


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        89
     Part I (Continued)




          business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
          condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to potential liability for any unlawful actions of our
          customers or users of our websites or for content we distribute that is deemed inappropriate. It may be difficult
          to determine the type of content that may result in liability to us, and if we are found to be liable, we may be
          prevented from operating our websites in China.

          Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and
          the value of your investment.
          The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People’s Bank
          of China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value
          of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China’s political and economic
          conditions and by China’s foreign exchange policies, among other things. The RMB may fluctuate significantly in
          value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
          policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.

          Any significant appreciation or depreciation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our revenues, earnings
          and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
          For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into RMB to pay our operating
          expenses, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
          would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar may
          significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in turn could adversely affect the price of
          our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

          We adopt a risk-neutral strategy to manage foreign exchange risks. For each entity with foreign exchange
          exposure, currency position or accounts balance are reallocated to achieve natural hedging. While we may enter
          into hedging transactions, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and we may not be
          able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified
          by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As a result,
          fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment.

          It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation or collect evidence within China.
          Shareholder claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to
          pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other
          obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside China.
          Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities
          regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
          such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in
          the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the
          PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed
          to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While
          detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law have yet to be
          promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence
          collection activities within China may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.

90   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and
affect the value of your investment.
The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
cases, the remittance of currency out of the Chinese mainland. We receive substantially all of our revenues in
RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our company in the Cayman Islands may rely on dividend payments
from our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. Under existing PRC
foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and
service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from
SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries
in the Chinese mainland are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from
SAFE, subject to the condition that the remittance of such dividends outside of the PRC complies with certain
procedures under PRC foreign exchange regulation, such as the overseas investment registrations by our
shareholders or the ultimate shareholders of our corporate shareholders who are PRC residents. But approval
from or registration with appropriate government authorities or delegated banks is required where RMB is to
be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the Chinese mainland to pay capital expenses such as
the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. Although currently there are
not equivalent or similar restrictions or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong
entities (including currency conversion), if certain restrictions or limitations in the Chinese mainland were to
become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities (including currency conversion) in the
future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to meet our currency demand. If
the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our
foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders,
including holders of our ADSs. As a result, the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable
interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of
the Chinese mainland due to interventions in, or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on, the ability of
our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC government on
currency conversion.


PRC regulations establish comprehensive procedures and requirements for some acquisitions of Chinese
companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through
acquisitions in China.
PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For
example, the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors require that
the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor
takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction
involves factors that have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead
to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds famous trademarks or PRC time-honored brands.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        91
     Part I (Continued)




          In addition, the security review rules issued by the Ministry of Commerce that became effective in September
          2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security”
          concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over
          domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of
          Commerce, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring
          the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. These laws and regulations are continually
          evolving as newly enacted Foreign Investment Law took effect. On December 19, 2020, the Measures for
          the Security Review for Foreign Investment was jointly issued by the NDRC and Ministry of Commerce and
          took effect from January 18, 2021. The Measures for the Security Review for Foreign Investment specified
          provisions concerning the security review mechanism on foreign investment, including the types of investments
          subject to review, review scopes and procedures, among others. As these measures are recently promulgated,
          official guidance has not been issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet. At this
          stage, the interpretation of those measures remains unclear in many aspects such as what would constitute
          “important information technology and internet services and products” and whether these measures may apply
          to foreign investment that is implemented or completed before the enactment of these new measures. In the
          future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
          of the above-mentioned regulations and other applicable rules to complete such transactions could be time
          consuming, and any required approval processes may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions.
          It is unclear whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises “national defense and
          security” or “national security” concerns. However, the Ministry of Commerce, NDRC or other government
          agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in an industry subject to
          the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into
          contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to
          expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be
          materially and adversely affected.


          PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents
          may subject our PRC resident beneficial owners or our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
          liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into these subsidiaries, limit these subsidiaries’
          ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us.
          The Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-Raising and Round-Trip
          Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies, or SAFE
          Circular 75, requires PRC residents to register with the relevant local branch of SAFE before establishing or
          controlling any company outside of China, referred to as an offshore special purpose company, for the purpose
          of raising funds from overseas to acquire or exchange the assets of, or acquiring equity interests in, PRC entities
          held by such PRC residents and to update such registration in the event of any significant changes with respect
          to that offshore company. SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange
          Control on Domestic Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special
          Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014, which replaced SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires
          PRC residents to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect




92   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents’
legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in
SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.” The term “control” under SAFE Circular 37 is broadly defined
as the operation rights, beneficiary rights or decision-making rights acquired by the PRC residents in the offshore
special purpose vehicles or PRC companies by such means as acquisition, trust, proxy, voting rights, repurchase,
convertible bonds or other arrangements. SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the
event of any changes with respect to the basic information of the special purpose vehicle, such as changes in
a PRC resident individual shareholder, name or operation period; or any significant changes with respect to the
special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer
or exchange, merger, division or other material event. If the shareholders of the offshore holding company who
are PRC residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be
prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation
to the offshore company, and the offshore company may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional
capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration and amendment requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. In
February 2015, SAFE issued the Circular on Further Simplifying and Improving the Policies Concerning Foreign
Exchange Control on Direct Investment, which took effect on June 1, 2015. This circular has delegated to the
qualified banks the authority to register all PRC residents’ investment in “special purpose vehicle” pursuant to
SAFE Circular 37, except that those PRC residents who have failed to comply with SAFE Circular 37 will remain
to fall into the jurisdiction of the local SAFE branch and must make their supplementary registration application
with the local SAFE branch.


We have requested PRC residents who we know hold direct or indirect interest in our company to make the
necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under SAFE Circular 37 and other related rules.
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our founder and beneficial owner, has completed required registrations with SAFE in
relation to our financing and restructuring and will make amendments when needed and required in accordance
with SAFE Circular 37. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents holding
direct or indirect interest in our company, and we cannot provide any assurance that these PRC residents will
comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements under
SAFE Circular 37 or other related rules. The failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders to comply with
the registration procedures set forth in these regulations may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict
our cross-border investment activities, limit the ability of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
distribute dividends and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we
may also be prohibited from injecting additional capital into these subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with
the various foreign exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law
for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions. As a result, our business operations and our ability to
distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        93
     Part I (Continued)




          Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock
          incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative
          sanctions.
          Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals
          Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012,
          employees, directors, supervisors and other senior management participating in any stock incentive plan of
          an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in China for a
          continuous period of not less than one year, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE
          through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and
          complete certain other procedures. We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC
          citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted
          restricted shares, restricted share units or options are subject to these regulations. Failure to complete the SAFE
          registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional
          capital into our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China and limit these subsidiaries’ ability to distribute
          dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive
          plans for our directors and employees under PRC law.


          If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could
          result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.
          Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
          of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will
          be subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules
          define the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and
          overall management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In
          April 2009, the State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain
          specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that
          is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled
          by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria
          set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position on how the “de facto
          management body” text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises.
          According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise
          group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China
          and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its global income only if all of the following conditions are
          met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to
          the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or
          personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and
          board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board
          members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


          We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland is a PRC resident
          enterprise for PRC tax purposes. See “Additional Information — Taxation — People’s Republic of China
          Taxation.” However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax


94   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management
body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese
mainland is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes, they would be subject to a 25%
enterprise income tax on their global income. If these entities derive income other than dividends from their
wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, a 25% enterprise income tax on their global income may
increase our tax burden. If JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland is classified
as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to it from its wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland
may be regarded as tax-exempted income if such dividends are deemed to be “dividends between qualified
PRC resident enterprises” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules. However,
we cannot assure you that such dividends will not be subject to PRC withholding tax, as the PRC tax authorities,
which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound
remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC income tax purposes.


In addition, if JD.com, Inc. is classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and unless a tax
treaty or similar arrangement provides otherwise, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax
from dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our
ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a 10%
PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if such
income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, gains derived by our non-PRC individual
shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear
whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax
on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a PRC
resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to such dividends, it would generally apply at a rate of 20%
unless a reduced rate is available under an applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC
shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax
residence and the PRC in the event that JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.


Under the Arrangement Between the Chinese mainland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income
and Capital, the dividend withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5%, if a Hong Kong resident enterprise
is considered a non-PRC tax resident enterprise and holds at least 25% of the equity interests in the PRC
enterprise distributing the dividends. However, if the Hong Kong resident enterprise is not considered to be the
beneficial owner of such dividends under applicable PRC tax regulations, such dividends may remain subject to
withholding tax at a rate of 10%. In October 2009, the State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known
as Circular 601, which provides guidance on determining whether an enterprise is a “beneficial owner” under
China’s tax treaties and tax arrangements. Circular 601 provides that, in order to be a beneficial owner, an entity
generally must be engaged in substantive business activities, and that a company that is set up for the purpose
of avoiding or reducing taxes or transferring or accumulating profits will not be regarded as a beneficial owner
and will not qualify for treaty benefits such as preferential dividend withholding tax rates. In February 2018,
the State Taxation Administration issued a new circular, the Circular 9, to replace Circular 601, which came
into effect on April 1, 2018. Circular 9 provides a more flexible framework in determining whether an applicant
engages in substantive business activities. In addition, in the event that an enterprise does not satisfy the


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        95
     Part I (Continued)




          criteria for “beneficial owner,” but the person who holds 100% ownership interests in the enterprise directly or
          indirectly satisfies the criteria for “beneficial owner” and the circumstances fall under Circular 9, the enterprise
          will be deemed as a “beneficial owner.” If our Hong Kong subsidiaries are, in the light of Circular 9, considered
          to be a non-beneficial owner for purposes of the tax arrangement mentioned above, any dividends paid to them
          by our wholly foreign-owned PRC subsidiaries would not qualify for the preferential dividend withholding tax rate
          of 5%, but rather would be subject to a rate of 10%.


          We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by
          their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
          authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.
          The State Taxation Administration has issued several rules and notices to tighten the scrutiny over acquisition
          transactions in recent years, including the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax
          for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued in December 2009, the Notice on Several Issues
          Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises promulgated issued in March 2011, and the Notice
          on Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters on Indirect Transfer of Properties by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises
          issued in February 2015, or STA Circular 7. Pursuant to these rules and notices, if a non-PRC resident enterprise
          indirectly transfers PRC taxable properties, referring to properties of an establishment or a place in the PRC,
          real estate properties in the PRC or equity investments in a PRC tax resident enterprise, by disposing of equity
          interest in an overseas holding company, such indirect transfer should be deemed as a direct transfer of PRC
          taxable properties and gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to the PRC withholding tax at
          a rate of up to 10%. STA Circular 7 sets out several factors to be taken into consideration by tax authorities in
          determining whether an indirect transfer has a reasonable commercial purpose. An indirect transfer satisfying
          all the following criteria will be deemed to lack reasonable commercial purpose and be taxable under PRC
          law: (i) 75% or more of the equity value of the intermediary enterprise being transferred is derived directly or
          indirectly from the PRC taxable properties; (ii) at any time during the one-year period before the indirect transfer,
          90% or more of the asset value of the intermediary enterprise (excluding cash) is comprised directly or indirectly
          of investments in the PRC, or 90% or more of its income is derived directly or indirectly from the PRC; (iii) the
          functions performed and risks assumed by the intermediary enterprise and any of its subsidiaries that directly
          or indirectly hold the PRC taxable properties are limited and are insufficient to prove their economic substance;
          and (iv) the foreign tax payable on the gain derived from the indirect transfer of the PRC taxable properties is
          lower than the potential PRC income tax on the direct transfer of such assets. Nevertheless, the indirect transfer
          falling into the safe harbor available under STA Circular 7 may not be subject to PRC tax and the scope of the
          safe harbor includes qualified group restructuring as specifically set out in STA Circular 7, public market trading
          and tax treaty exemptions.


          In October 2017, the State Taxation Administration released the Public Notice Regarding Issues Concerning
          the Withholding of Non-resident Enterprise Income Tax at Source, or STA Public Notice 37, effective from
          December 2017. STA Public Notice 37 replaced a series of important circulars, including Notice on Strengthening
          Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, and revised
          the rules governing the administration of withholding tax on China-source income derived by a nonresident
          enterprise. STA Public Notice 37 provides for certain key changes to the previous withholding regime. For
          example, the withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on the date on which
          the payment is actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the dividends.
96   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, the entities or individuals obligated to pay the transfer price
to the transferor are the withholding agents and must withhold the PRC income tax from the transfer price if
the indirect transfer is subject to the PRC enterprise income tax. If the withholding agent fails to do so, the
transferor should report to and pay the tax to the PRC tax authorities. In the event that neither the withholding
agent nor the transferor fulfills their obligations under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, according to the
applicable law, apart from imposing penalties such as late payment interest on the transferor, the tax authority
may also hold the withholding agent liable and impose a penalty of 50% to 300% of the unpaid tax on the
withholding agent. The penalty imposed on the withholding agent may be reduced or waived if the withholding
agent has submitted the relevant materials in connection with the indirect transfer to the PRC tax authorities in
accordance with STA Circular 7.


However, as there is a lack of clear statutory interpretation, we face uncertainties on the reporting and
consequences on future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving
the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, or sale or purchase
of shares in other non-PRC resident companies or other taxable assets by us. Our company and other non-
resident enterprises in our group may be subject to filing obligations or being taxed if our company and other
non-resident enterprises in our group are transferors in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding
obligations if our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferees in such transactions.
For the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, our PRC
subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing under the rules and notices. As a result, we may be required
to expend valuable resources to comply with these rules and notices or to request the transferors from whom
we purchase taxable assets to comply, or to establish that our company and other non-resident enterprises
in our group should not be taxed under these rules and notices, which may have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that the tax authorities will not apply
the rules and notices to our offshore restructuring transactions where non-PRC residents were involved if
any of such transactions were determined by the tax authorities to lack reasonable commercial purpose. As
a result, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being taxed under these rules and notices
and may be required to comply with or to establish that we should not be taxed under such rules and notices,
which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or such non-PRC
resident investors’ investments in us. We have conducted acquisition transactions in the past and may conduct
additional acquisition transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that the PRC tax authorities will not, at
their discretion, adjust any capital gains and impose tax return filing obligations on us or require us to provide
assistance for the investigation of PRC tax authorities with respect thereto. Heightened scrutiny over acquisition
transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in
the future.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        97
     Part I (Continued)




          Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
          The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be
          volatile, which could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
          The trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile
          and could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For
          example, the highest and lowest closing prices of our ADSs on Nasdaq in 2025 were US$45.21 and US$28.39,
          respectively. Likewise, the highest and lowest closing prices of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
          Stock Exchange in 2025 were HK$179.00 and HK$110.30, respectively. In addition, the performance and
          fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that
          have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may affect the volatility in the prices of
          and trading volumes for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The securities of some of these companies
          have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings, including, in some cases, substantial
          price declines in the trading prices of their securities. The trading performances of other Chinese companies’
          securities after their offerings, including internet and e-commerce companies, may affect the attitudes of
          investors toward Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States, which consequently may
          impact the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating
          performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions about inadequate corporate governance practices
          or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or matters of other Chinese companies may also negatively affect
          the attitudes of investors towards Chinese companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have
          conducted any inappropriate activities. Furthermore, securities markets may from time to time experience
          significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to our operating performance, such as the large
          decline in share prices in the United States in early 2020, which may have a material and adverse effect on the
          trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


          In addition to the above factors, the price and trading volume of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be
          highly volatile due to multiple factors, including the following:


          •    regulatory developments affecting us or our industry, customers, suppliers or third-party merchants;


          •    announcements of studies and reports relating to the quality of our product and service offerings or those of
               our competitors;


          •    changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other online retail or e-commerce companies;


          •    actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and changes or revisions of our
               expected results;


          •    changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


          •    conditions in the online retail market;




98   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




•   announcements by us or our competitors of new product and service offerings, acquisitions, strategic
    relationships, joint ventures, capital raisings or capital commitments;


•   additions to or departures of our senior management;


•   political or market instability or disruptions, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
    Hong Kong or other jurisdictions;


•   fluctuations of exchange rates among RMB, the Hong Kong dollar and the U.S. dollar;


•   release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   sales or perceived potential sales of additional Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   any actual or alleged illegal acts of our senior management or other key employees;


•   any share repurchase program; and


•   proceedings instituted by the SEC against PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
    registered public accounting firm.

We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
We completed our public offering in Hong Kong in June 2020 and the trading of our Class A ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on June 18, 2020 under the stock code “9618.” As a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are
not subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 19C.11, including, among
others, rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions, share option schemes, content of financial
statements as well as certain other continuing obligations. In addition, in connection with the listing of our
Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have applied for and been granted a number of
waivers and/or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the SFO. As a result, our practices as
to those matters differ from other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those
exemptions or waivers.


Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our Class A ordinary
shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer
enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the
SFO, which could result in us having to amend our corporate structure and articles of association and our
incurring of incremental compliance costs.



                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     99
      Part I (Continued)




           We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share
           repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the
           volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves.
           On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may
           repurchase up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through March 17,
           2022. On December 29, 2021, our board of directors approved modifications to the share repurchase program
           adopted in March 2020, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has increased from US$2.0 billion to
           US$3.0 billion and has been extended until March 17, 2024. In March 2024, our board of directors adopted a
           share repurchase program that became effective on March 18, 2024, pursuant to which we may repurchase
           up to US$3.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through March 2027.
           We have fully utilized the repurchase amount authorized under the US$3.0 billion share repurchase program
           announced in March 2024, and has adopted and announced a new share repurchase program in August 2024.
           Pursuant to the new share repurchase program effective from September 2024, we may repurchase up to
           US$5.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through the end of August 2027.
           Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended
           or terminated at any time.


           If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
           about our business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume
           could decline.
           The trading market for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will depend in part on the research and reports
           that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and
           maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our Class A
           ordinary shares and/or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
           price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
           coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial
           markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price of or trading volume for our Class A ordinary shares and/or
           ADSs to decline.


           You may need to rely on price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on
           your investment due to our dividend policy.
           Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
           memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual
           general meeting of our company held on June 21, 2023, and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law.
           In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the
           amount recommended by our board of directors. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay
           dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our
           future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions,
           if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors
           deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on your investment in our Class A ordinary
           shares and/or ADSs will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares




100   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or even
maintain the price at which you purchased the Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return
on your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in
our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


Conversion of our convertible senior notes may dilute the ownership interest of the existing
shareholders.
In May 2024, we issued convertible senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of US$2.0 billion due 2029,
or the 2029 Notes. The 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.25% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on
June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2024. The 2029 Notes will mature on June 1,
2029, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date.
The initial conversion rate of the 2029 Notes is 21.8830 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of Notes, which
is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately US$45.70 per ADS. The conversion of some or all
of 2029 Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and existing ADS holders. Any sales
in the public market of the ADSs and/or Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such conversion may increase
the opportunities to create short positions with respect to the ADSs, which could adversely affect prevailing
trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares and/or the ADSs. In addition, the existence of the 2029 Notes may
encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2029 Notes could depress the
price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or the ADSs. The prices of our Class A ordinary shares and/or the ADSs
could be affected by possible sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or the ADSs by investors who view the
convertible senior notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage
trading activity, which we expect to occur involving our Class A ordinary shares and/or the ADSs.


Provisions of our convertible senior notes could discourage an acquisition of us by a third-party.
Certain provisions of the 2029 Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third-party to
acquire us, or may even prevent a third-party from acquiring us. For example, upon the occurrence of certain
transactions constituting a fundamental change, holders of the 2029 Notes will have the right, at their option, to
require us to repurchase all of their notes or any portion of the principal amount of such notes. In the event of
a fundamental change, we may also be required to increase the conversion rate for conversions in connection
with such fundamental changes. By discouraging an acquisition of us by a third-party, these provisions could
have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell their securities at a premium over
prevailing market prices.


Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the
public market could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline.
Sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market, or the perception that these sales could
occur, could cause the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline. Such sales also
might make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price
that we deem appropriate. If any existing shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the prevailing market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs could be
adversely affected.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        101
      Part I (Continued)




           Holders of our ADSs may have fewer rights than holders of our ordinary shares and must act through the
           depositary to exercise those rights.
           Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights of our shareholders and may only exercise the voting rights with
           respect to the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs in accordance with the provisions of
           the deposit agreement. Pursuant to the third amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of
           association of our company, or our current memorandum of association and articles of association, adopted on
           June 21, 2023, the minimum notice period required to convene a general meeting is 14 days, for as long as our
           Class A shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. When a general meeting is convened, holders
           of ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit withdrawal of the underlying
           Class A ordinary shares represented by their ADSs to allow them to cast their votes with respect to any specific
           matter. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of
           ADSs or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the
           depositary to extend voting rights to holders of ADSs in a timely manner, but we cannot assure that holders of
           ADSs will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary to vote their ADSs.
           Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions
           to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, holders of
           ADSs may not be able to exercise their right to vote and may lack recourse if the underlying ordinary shares
           represented by their ADSs are not voted as they requested. In addition, holders of ADSs will not be able to call a
           shareholders’ meeting.


           Except in limited circumstances, the depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote
           the Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these ADSs do not vote at shareholders’
           meetings, which could adversely affect the interests of the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/
           or ADSs.
           Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, if you do not vote, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy
           to vote the Class A ordinary shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings unless:


           •    we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


           •    we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
                meeting;


           •    a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or


           •    the voting at the meeting is to be made on a show of hands.

           The effect of this discretionary proxy is that holders of ADSs cannot prevent our underlying Class A ordinary
           shares represented by their ADSs from being voted, except under the circumstances described above. This may
           make it more difficult for shareholders to influence the management of our company. Holders of our ordinary
           shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.




102   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




The right of our ADS holders to participate in any future rights offerings may be limited, which may
cause dilution to holdings of our ADS holders.
We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
However, we cannot make rights available to holders of our ADSs in the United States unless we register
both the rights and the securities to which the rights relate under the Securities Act or an exemption from
the registration requirements is available. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not make rights
available to ADS holders unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders
are either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We are
under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or securities or to endeavor
to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective and we may not be able to establish a necessary
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Accordingly, our ADS holders may be unable to participate
in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in their holdings.


Holders of our ADSs may not receive cash dividends if the depositary decides it is impractical to make
them available to them.
The depositary will pay cash dividends on the ADSs only to the extent that we decide to distribute dividends
on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities. To the extent that there is a distribution, the
depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay to holders of our ADSs the cash dividends or other distributions it or
the custodian receives on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and
expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of Class A ordinary shares
their ADSs represent. However, the depositary may, at its discretion, decide that it is inequitable or impractical
to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, the depositary may determine that it is
not practicable to distribute certain property through the mail, or that the value of certain distributions may be
less than the cost of mailing them. In these cases, the depositary may decide not to distribute such property to
holders of our ADSs.


Holders of our ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books
at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In
addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books
or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so
because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.
We are an exempted company with limited liability registered by way of continuation under the laws of the
Cayman Islands. We primarily conduct our operations in the Chinese mainland and substantially all of our assets
are located in the Chinese mainland. In addition, our directors and executive officers, and some of our experts
reside within the Chinese mainland, and most of the assets of these persons are located within the Chinese
mainland. As cross-border service of process is typically cumbersome and time-consuming, it may be difficult
or impossible for you to effect service of process within the United States or Hong Kong upon us or these
persons, or to bring an action against us or against these persons in the United States or Hong Kong in the


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        103
      Part I (Continued)




           event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws, Hong Kong
           laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands
           and of the PRC may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors
           and officers.


           There is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the Hong Kong courts or
           federal or state courts of the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the
           reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments). A judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be
           recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination
           of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand
           Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (a) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction,
           (b) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given,
           (c) is final and conclusive, (d) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, (e) is not inconsistent with a Cayman
           Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, and (f) is not impeachable on the grounds of fraud and was not
           obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public
           policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained
           from the U.S. or Hong Kong courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law or Hong Kong
           law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to obligations to make
           payments that are penal or punitive in nature. Because such a determination has not yet been made by a court
           of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such civil liability judgments from U.S. or Hong Kong courts would
           be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
           proceedings are being brought elsewhere.


           The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law.
           PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil
           Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on
           principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of reciprocity
           with the United States that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In
           addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against
           us or our director and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws or
           national sovereignty, security or public interest. As a result, enforcement of a judgment rendered by a foreign
           court is subject to the judgment of PRC courts considering the foregoing factors.


           Since we are a Cayman Islands exempted company, the rights of our shareholders may be more limited
           than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States or Hong Kong.
           Under the laws of some jurisdictions in the United States, majority and controlling shareholders generally
           have certain fiduciary responsibilities to the minority shareholders. Shareholder action must be taken in
           good faith, and actions by controlling shareholders which are obviously unreasonable may be declared null
           and void. Cayman Islands law protecting the interests of minority shareholders may not be as protective
           in all circumstances as the law protecting minority shareholders in some U.S. jurisdictions. In addition, the
           circumstances in which a shareholder of a Cayman Islands company may sue the company derivatively, and




104   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




the procedures and defenses that may be available to the company, may result in the rights of shareholders
of a Cayman Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the
United States.


Furthermore, our directors have the power to take certain actions without shareholder approval which would
require shareholder approval under Hong Kong law or the laws of most U.S. jurisdictions. Subject to provisions
of the memorandum and articles of association, the directors of a Cayman Islands company, without shareholder
approval, may implement a sale of any assets, property, part of the business, or securities of the company. Our
ability to create and issue new classes or series of shares without shareholders’ approval could have the effect
of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control without any further action by our shareholders, including
a tender offer to purchase our ordinary shares at a premium over the current market price.


Furthermore, our memorandum and articles of association are specific to us and include certain provisions
that may be different from common practices in Hong Kong, such as the absence of requirements that the
appointment, removal and remuneration of auditors must be approved by a majority of our shareholders.


Our current memorandum and articles of association contains anti-takeover provisions that could
discourage a third party from acquiring us and adversely affect the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
Our current memorandum and articles of association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of
others to acquire control of our company, including a dual-class voting structure that gives disproportionate
voting power to the Class B ordinary shares held by Max Smart Limited, a company beneficially owned through
a trust wholly-owned by our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and of which he is the sole director, and
those held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited of which Mr. Liu is the sole shareholder and sole director. As of
March 18, 2026, Mr. Liu beneficially owned 73.1% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
3.6% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds the shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the
plan participants according to our awards under our share incentive plans, and administers the awards and acts
according to our instruction. In addition, our current memorandum and articles of association also contains a
provision that grants authority to our board of directors to establish and issue from time to time one or more
series of preferred shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series
of preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series. These provisions could have the effect of depriving
our shareholders of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price by
discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transactions.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        105
      Part I (Continued)




           We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such we
           are exempt from certain provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.
           Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain
           provisions of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic
           issuers, including:


           •    the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or
                current reports on Form 8-K;


           •    the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect
                of a security registered under the Exchange Act;


           •    the sections of the Exchange Act requiring principal shareholders to file public reports of their stock ownership
                and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; and


           •    the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material nonpublic information under Regulation FD.

           We are required to file an annual report within four months of the end of each fiscal year. In addition, we intend
           to publish our results on a quarterly basis as press releases, distributed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
           Nasdaq. We will also furnish press releases relating to financial results and material events to the SEC on Form
           6-K. However, the information we are required to file with or furnish to the SEC will be less extensive and less
           timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may not be
           afforded the same protections or information that would be made available to you were you investing in a U.S.
           domestic issuer.


           As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are permitted to adopt certain home country practices in
           relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance
           listing standards; these practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they would enjoy if we
           complied fully with Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards.
           As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to Nasdaq corporate governance
           listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate
           governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which
           is our home country, may differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. For example,
           neither the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands nor our current memorandum and articles
           of association requires a majority of our directors to be independent and we could include non-independent
           directors as members of our compensation committee and nominating committee, and our independent
           directors would not necessarily hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
           present. We have elected to follow home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance requirements
           of the Nasdaq with respect to the adoption of our 2023 Share Incentive Plan without the approval of our
           shareholders. In this respect, and in other respects if we choose to follow certain home country practice in the
           future, our shareholders may be afforded less protection than they otherwise would under Nasdaq corporate
           governance listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers.


106   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




There can be no assurance that we were not a passive foreign investment company for United States
federal income tax purposes, which could subject United States investors in the ADSs or ordinary shares
to significant adverse tax consequences.
A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a passive foreign investment
company, or PFIC, for United States federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more
of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value
of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for
the production of passive income.


Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being owned by
us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and we are
entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits, and, as a result, we consolidate their results of operations
in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned by us for United States federal income tax
purposes.


Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we may
be a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2025. However, because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
determination, no assurance can be given with respect to our PFIC status for the current or any future taxable
years. Changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. In
estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. The composition of our income and assets will also be affected by
how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. If we deploy significant amounts of cash and investments for
active purposes, we may be less likely to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder (as defined in “Additional
Information — Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations”) holds our ADSs or ordinary shares,
certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to such U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders of our
ADSs or ordinary shares are urged to consult their tax advisors concerning the United States federal income tax
consequences if we are classified as a PFIC. See “Additional Information — Taxation — United States Federal
Income Tax Considerations.”


The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S. may negatively affect the
trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
As a dual-listed company, we are subject to Hong Kong and Nasdaq listing and regulatory requirements
concurrently. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Nasdaq have different trading hours, trading characteristics
(including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels
of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs and
our Class A ordinary shares may not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the
price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        107
      Part I (Continued)




           affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact
           specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
           notwithstanding that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or
           to the same extent, or vice versa.


           Exchange between our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity and/or
           trading price of each other.
           Our ADSs are currently traded on Nasdaq. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms of
           the deposit agreement, holders of our Class A ordinary shares may deposit Class A ordinary shares with the
           depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also withdraw the underlying
           Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement for trading on
           the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are deposited
           with the depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the liquidity and trading price of our Class A ordinary
           shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on Nasdaq may be adversely affected.


           The time required for the exchange between Class A ordinary shares and ADSs might be longer than
           expected and investors might not be able to settle or effect any sale of their securities during this period,
           and the exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs involves costs.
           There is no direct trading or settlement between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on which our
           ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition, the time differences between
           Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other factors may delay the deposit of
           Class A ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs.
           Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In
           addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be
           completed in accordance with the timelines investors may anticipate.


           Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for
           the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of Class A ordinary shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash
           dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share
           distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a result, shareholders who
           exchange Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic return the
           shareholders may anticipate.


           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses.
           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses. On
           December 8, 2020, we completed the spin-off and listing of JD Health, a consolidated subsidiary of our
           company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On May 28, 2021, we completed the spin-off
           and listing of JD Logistics, a consolidated subsidiary of our company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange. On December 11, 2025, we completed the spin-off and listing of JD Industrials, a consolidated
           subsidiary of our company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On January 26, 2026,
           JD Property, through the joint sponsors, submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong


108   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or when the proposed listing may take place. We may
continue to explore the ongoing financing requirements for our various other businesses and may consider a
spin-off listing for one or more of those businesses. We cannot assure you that any spin-off will ultimately be
consummated, any such spin-off will be subject to market conditions at the time and approval by the listing
committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or other equivalent regulatory agencies. In the event that we
proceed with a spin-off, our interest in the entity to be spun-off (and its corresponding contribution to the
financial results of our company) will be reduced accordingly.


An active trading market for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not
develop or be sustained and trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly.
Since the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have consistently
been an actively-traded company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that
an active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The
trading price or liquidity for our ADSs on Nasdaq might not be indicative of those of our Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and
adversely affected.


In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-exchange
trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese investors to trade
eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home
exchange. Stock Connect currently covers over 2,000 equity securities trading in the Hong Kong, Shanghai
and Shenzhen markets. Stock Connect allows mainland Chinese investors to trade directly in eligible equity
securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound Trading; without Stock Connect,
mainland Chinese investors would not otherwise have a direct and established means of engaging in
Southbound Trading. In October 2019, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges separately announced
their amended implementation rules in connection with Southbound Trading to include shares of companies
of a dual-class voting structure to be traded through Stock Connect, which was most recently amended in
June 2024. Under prevailing practice and published baseline rules, however, dual‑class companies that are
secondarily listed in Hong Kong, as we are, are generally not eligible for southbound inclusion. The ineligibility
or any delay of our Class A ordinary shares for trading through Stock Connect will affect mainland Chinese
investors’ ability to trade our Class A ordinary shares and therefore may limit the liquidity of the trading of our
Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        109
      Part I (Continued)




           There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our
           ADSs.
           In connection with our initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares in Hong Kong, we have established a
           branch register of members in Hong Kong, which we refer to as our Hong Kong share register. Our Class A
           ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those that were issued in our
           initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares in Hong Kong and those that may be converted from ADSs, are
           registered on our Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
           Stock Exchange will be subject to the Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate conversion between ADSs and
           ordinary shares and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we also moved a portion
           of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our
           Hong Kong share register.


           Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
           defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
           stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at 0.1% (rounded up to the nearest dollar) on the value of the
           transaction, on both the buyer and the seller.


           To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
           conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
           maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong
           share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of
           ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
           ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors
           on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or
           conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or
           ADSs may be affected.


      Information on the Company
      A.   History and Development of the Company
           Our Corporate History
           Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, launched an online retail website in January 2004. He subsequently
           formed a company in Beijing and another company in Shanghai and conducted his online retail business through
           these two companies. In April 2007, we established a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Beijing Jingdong Century
           Trade Co., Ltd., or Jingdong Century.


           In November 2006, we incorporated Star Wave Investments Holdings Limited under the laws of the British
           Virgin Islands as our offshore holding company in order to facilitate international financing. We later changed
           the name of this entity to 360buy Jingdong Inc.. In January 2014, 360buy Jingdong Inc. was redomiciled in the
           Cayman Islands as an exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and was renamed
           JD.com, Inc..




110   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We have established subsidiaries inside and outside of China and assisted in establishing PRC consolidated
variable interest entities to conduct our business operations.


The significant subsidiaries that conduct business operations in China include, among others, the following:


•   Jingdong Century, established in April 2007, and certain of its subsidiaries in China, which primarily engage
    in retail business;


•   Shanghai Shengdayuan, which was established in April 2011 and primarily operates our online marketplace
    business; and


•   Jiangsu Xinchuan Hailian (previously Xi’an Jingxundi Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd.), which was
    established in May 2017 and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics
    services.

The significant consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries that conduct our business operations
in China include, among others, the following:


•   Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as an internet information
    provider and operates our www.jd.com website;


•   Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which was established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of
    selling books, audio and video products;


•   Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, which was established in June 2017 and primarily provides technology and
    consulting services relating to logistics services;


•   Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which was established in August 2015 and primarily engages in the business
    of investment management; and


•   Suqian Hanyu, which was established in December 2024 and primarily provides technology services.

We also conduct certain of our business operations through other consolidated variable interest entities and
their subsidiaries, including Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd., or Suqian Jingdong
Tianning, which was established in June 2019 and primarily provides pharmacy sales and healthcare services in
connection with JD Health’s operations.


On May 22, 2014, our ADSs commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbol “JD”.


Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under the
stock code “9618”. Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 19, 2023 under the stock
code “89618”. Our principal address in Hong Kong is at 31/F Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong
Kong, China.



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        111
      Part I (Continued)




           Our Strategic Cooperations
           Strategic Cooperation with Tencent
           On March 10, 2014, we acquired certain e-commerce businesses and assets from, and entered into a strategic
           cooperation agreement and formed a strategic partnership with Tencent, a leading internet company serving
           the largest online community in China. Tencent offers a wide variety of internet services in China, including
           social communications, online games and digital content and payment. Under the strategic partnership, Tencent
           offers us prominent access points in its mobile apps Weixin and Mobile QQ and provide us with traffic and
           other support from other key platforms, which has helped us generate mobile user traffic from Tencent’s large
           mobile user base and enhance our customers’ mobile shopping experience. The two parties agree to cooperate
           in a number of areas including mobile-related products, social networking services, membership systems
           and payment solutions. The strategic cooperation agreement applies within the territory of China. Under
           the strategic cooperation agreement, we are Tencent’s preferred partner for all physical goods e-commerce
           businesses, and Tencent agrees not to engage in any retail or managed marketplace business model in physical
           goods e-commerce businesses in China and a few selected international markets for a period of eight years,
           other than through its controlled affiliate, Shanghai Icson E-Commerce Development Company Limited.


           On May 10, 2019, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for a period of three years
           starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to offer us prominent Level I and Level II access points on its
           Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and the two companies continued to cooperate in a number of areas
           including communications, advertising and membership services, among others. Such traffic support, advertising
           spending and other cooperation amounted to over US$800 million, which was paid or spent over the next three
           years. We agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a total consideration of
           approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain predetermined dates during the subsequent
           three-year period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in
           May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively. The issuance of Class A ordinary shares of US$250 million
           formed part of the total amount of US$800 million that was paid or spent for the traffic support, advertising and
           other cooperation from Tencent under the strategic cooperation agreement.


           On March 25, 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of
           our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders. Following the distribution, Tencent’s shareholding in us was
           below 5% pursuant to a 13G amendment file by Tencent Holdings Limited and Huang River Investment Limited
           with the SEC on March 30, 2022 and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our shares in the distribution have
           become our shareholders. We and Tencent continue to maintain our mutually beneficial business relationship,
           including our ongoing strategic partnership agreement. On June 29, 2022, we renewed the strategic cooperation
           agreement with Tencent for another period of three years. Tencent continues to offer us prominent Level I and
           Level II access points on its Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and we also continue to cooperate in a
           number of areas including communications, technology services, marketing and advertising, and membership
           services, among others. The value of such cooperation is to be paid or spent in cash and in the form of our shares
           combined over the next three years. As a part of the total consideration, we agreed to issue to Tencent a certain
           number of our Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of up to US$220 million by reference to prevailing
           market prices at certain predetermined dates during the three-year period, of which 2,164,326, 3,761,270 and
           4,119,434 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in July 2022, May 2023 and May 2024, respectively.


112   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In May 2025, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for another period of five years,
pursuant to which we cooperate with Tencent on access point on the Weixin platform, cloud services, mapping
services, marketing and advertising, and membership services, among others. The two parties are leveraging
this mutually beneficial partnership to provide better and more convenient shopping experience for users.

Developments of Our Subsidiaries
JD Logistics
JD Logistics is a leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider, and its shares
are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Logistics has been operating as an internal
logistics department of us since 2007 and as a stand-alone business segment since April 2017. JD Logistics offers
a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and high-quality logistics services enabled by technology, ranging from
warehousing to distribution, spanning across manufacturing to end-customers, covering regular and specialized
items. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the stock code “2618”. JD Logistics raised from the global offering in connection with the listing
in Hong Kong approximately RMB22.9 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions, share
issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Logistics remains our consolidated subsidiary after its listing.

In August 2020, JD Logistics acquired a controlling interest in Kuayue-Express a renowned modern integrated
express transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express service” in China, for a total consideration
of approximately RMB3 billion through a combination of acquiring existing shares and subscribing for newly
issued shares of Kuayue-Express. In December 2024, a subsidiary of JD Logistics, Suqian Jingdong Bohai
Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., entered into an equity transfer agreement to purchase the remaining equity
interest of approximately 36.43% in Kuayue-Express, in which JD Logistics already had approximately 63.57%
equity interest, at a purchase price of up to RMB6,484 million, subject to adjustments as set out in the equity
transfer agreement. The proposed transaction will be completed in a series of steps and is subject to customary
closing conditions. It has been approved in the extraordinary general meeting of JD Logistics held in April 2025.
On June 11, 2025 and July 31, 2025, JD Logistics completed the first phase equity transfer and the second
phase business registration of transferring in accordance with the agreement. Upon the completion of the
remaining third phase transaction, JD Logistics will hold 100% equity interest in Kuayue-Express.

In March 2022, JD Logistics entered into a series of agreements in relation to the proposed acquisition
of Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd (“Deppon”). Pursuant to the transaction agreements, JD Logistics would
acquire approximately 99.99% of the equity interest in Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment
Holding Company Limited, or Deppon Holdco, which in turn holds a total of approximately 66.50% of the
issued share capital of Deppon, for a total consideration of approximately RMB9.0 billion. On July 26,
2022, JD Logistics completed the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon Holdco, being
the first tranche of the staggered acquisition arrangement. As a result, Deppon Holdco (including Deppon
and its subsidiaries) has become a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its financial results, except for that of
certain excluded business, have been consolidated into JD Logistics’s consolidated financial statements. On
January 13, 2026, Deppon announced a voluntary delisting from the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In February
2026, we held approximately 99.7% of the total Deppon shares. The delisting of Deppon was approved by
the Shanghai Stock Exchange in March 2026.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        113
      Part I (Continued)




           On April 1, 2022, JD Logistics raised approximately HK$3,102 million net proceeds from a group of third-party
           investors by issuing to them 150,500,000 of its ordinary shares. On May 26, 2022, we subscribed for
           261,400,000 ordinary shares of JD Logistics for a total purchase price of approximately US$692 million in cash,
           upon which we maintained our shareholding in JD Logistics at more than 63% and continued to consolidate
           JD Logistics’s financial results into our financial statements.


           JD Health
           JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China, the shares of which are listed on the Main
           Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Health is also pioneering the digitalization and transformation of the
           healthcare industry. Over the past few years, JD Health is building a comprehensive “internet + healthcare”
           ecosystem, providing pharmaceutical and healthcare products and internet healthcare services to the customers.
           On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange under the stock code “6618”. JD Health raised from the global offering in connection with the
           listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB25.7 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
           share issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Health remains our consolidated subsidiary after its listing.
           JD Health’s RMB counter on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was launched and became effective since
           June 19, 2023 under the stock code “86618”.


           JD Property
           In 2018, we established JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and integrated service platform for
           developing and managing modern infrastructure to support JD Logistics and third parties.


           In March 2021, JD Property completed the series A preference share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse
           Investment and Warburg Pincus, among others. The total amount raised was US$703 million. In March 2022
           and June 2022, JD Property conducted its series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse
           Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount
           raised in this round was approximately US$800 million. We remain to be the majority shareholder of JD Property
           after the two rounds of financings. On January 26, 2026, JD Property, through its joint sponsors, submitted a
           listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to
           deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or
           when the proposed listing may take place.


           On January 28, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition of CNLP, upon which JD Property had
           accumulatively acquired approximately 37.02% of the issued share capital of CNLP. On March 1, 2022,
           immediately following the resignation of certain members of the board of directors of CNLP, it was deemed
           that JD Property had gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property.
           On July 14, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition and privatization of CNLP, and CNLP became a
           wholly-owned subsidiary of JD Property. The listing of CNLP was subsequently withdrawn from the Hong Kong
           Stock Exchange on July 15, 2022. CNLP is principally engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related
           management services in the PRC.




114   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




JD Industrials
JD Industrials is the leading industrial supply chain technology and service provider in China, the shares of
which are listed on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Through transformative digitalization of the
industrial supply chain, JD Industrials helps its customers increase supply chain reliability, reduce costs, enhance
efficiency, and ensure compliance. On December 11, 2025, shares of JD Industrials commenced trading on
the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “7618.” JD Industrials raised from the
global offering in connection with the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB2.6 billion in net proceeds after
deducting underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Industrials remains
our consolidated subsidiary after its listing.


Dada
Dada was a leading local on-demand retail and delivery platform in China. It operated JD NOW, one of
China’s largest local on-demand retail platforms for retailers and brand owners, and Dada Now, a leading local
on-demand delivery platform open to merchants and individual senders across various industries and product
categories. On June 16, 2025, we completed the transaction to take Dada private, following which Dada
became our wholly owned subsidiary and ceased to be a publicly traded company.


Ongoing Acquisition of CECONOMY
CECONOMY AG (“CECONOMY”) (XETRA: CEC), founded in 1979 in Germany and listed on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange since 2017, is a European retail leader in the field of consumer electronics. Its main brands
MediaMarkt and Saturn operate omni-channel retail businesses, combining strong e-commerce presence with
more than 1,000 retail stores in 11 countries.


On July 30, 2025, we decided to make a voluntary public takeover offer to all shareholders of CECONOMY,
to acquire all issued and outstanding bearer shares in CECONOMY (the “CECONOMY Shares”) for a cash
consideration of EUR4.60 per share (the “Takeover Offer”). We have also signed an investment agreement
with CECONOMY regarding the Takeover Offer and the intended cooperation after completion of the Takeover
Offer. We and CECONOMY’s largest shareholder group comprising Convergenta Invest GmbH and related
shareholders (together, “Convergenta”) entered into a shareholders’ agreement, effectiveness of which is
subject to the completion of the Takeover Offer. As a result, post the completion of the Takeover Offer,
Convergenta will hold 25.35% of the CECONOMY Shares, reducing its current shareholding in CECONOMY
from 29.16% by an irrevocable undertaking to accept the Takeover Offer with respect to 3.81% of the
CECONOMY Shares. We have also entered into agreements with several shareholders of CECONOMY, under
which those shareholders have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Takeover Offer with respect to 31.7% of
the CECONOMY Shares in total (including 3.81% from Convergenta).


On September 1, 2025, we published the Takeover Offer to all shareholders of CECONOMY. Following the
additional acceptance period of the Takeover Offer ended on November 27, 2025, we secured 59.8% of the
share capital and voting rights of CECONOMY for a consideration of EUR1.3 billion. This results in a total
shareholding of 85.2% in CECONOMY in combination with the retained stake of JD.com’s future partner
Convergenta. To finance the Takeover Offer, we entered into bridge loan facility of EUR2.0 billion for the escrow
period and cash confirmation purposes for this acquisition, which consists of Facility A of EUR1.2 billion and
Facility B of EUR0.8 billion.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        115
      Part I (Continued)




           The closing of the transaction remains subject to customary regulatory clearances, including merger control,
           foreign direct investment and foreign subsidies clearances. Upon the closing of the transaction, we expect to
           consolidate the financial results of CECONOMY into our consolidated financial statements.


           Our Major Investments
           JD Technology
           Since 2017, JD Technology has made remarkable progress in the field of digital technology and is now a
           leading technology service provider in China, enabling corporates and organizations across industries to achieve
           digitalization and intelligentization and fueling their growth through accessible financial solutions. In June 2020,
           we entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which we have, through a consolidated PRC
           domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by converting our
           profit sharing right pursuant to the framework agreement between us and JD Technology and investing
           additional RMB1.8 billion in cash in JD Technology. The framework agreement, including the profit-sharing
           arrangement between JD Technology and us, was terminated, and JD Technology has become our equity
           method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered
           into a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth the rights of JD as a shareholder. Pursuant
           to these agreements, we continue to enjoy substantially all the rights that we had under the framework
           agreement; provided that certain rights such as the right to liquidity event payment had been terminated upon
           our conversion of the profit sharing right into equity interest in JD Technology. Pursuant to these agreements,
           certain of our rights under these agreements should be terminated immediately the day before JD Technology
           submits its application for an initial public offering. These rights, however, will be restored in the event the initial
           public offering application is rejected by the authorities or withdrawn by JD Technology.


           In addition, on June 20, 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution to restructure
           JD Technology as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. The shares held by
           Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership), or
           Suqian Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten votes per share, while Mr. Liu
           and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party transaction with JD Technology.


           On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization
           of our cloud computing and artificial intelligence business (“JD Cloud & AI”). Pursuant to the definitive
           agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and additional RMB4 billion in cash, as consideration in exchange
           for newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud &
           AI, we also transferred some equipment and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees
           of JD Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on
           March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity
           interest in JD Technology increased from 36.8% to 41.7%.




116   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     From September to December 2024, JD Technology entered into new agreements with its shareholders to
     replace previous redemption terms with settlement method (through both cash and newly issued common
     shares). In these new agreements, investors will receive redemption amounts in cash and newly issued
     shares. These arrangements may be suspended or terminated under certain circumstances. In accordance with
     these agreements, JD Technology carried out the first tranche of redemption through cash settlement and new
     share issuance in the fourth quarter of 2024. As of December 31, 2025, our equity interest in JD Technology
     further increased to 54.9% as a result of the redemption, which we refer to as the JD Technology Redemption
     Arrangement. As a result of the dual class voting structure of JD Technology, as of December 31, 2025, we
     held approximately 23.3% voting power of JD Technology, and JD Technology was still under Mr. Richard
     Qiangdong Liu’s control.


     Wanda Commercial Properties
     In January 2018, we, along with Tencent, entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Wanda
     Commercial Properties, a leading developer, owner and operator of commercial properties in China, and its
     major shareholder, Dalian Wanda Group Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, we invested RMB5 billion to
     purchase the shares of Wanda Commercial Properties from its existing shareholders. As of January 2026,
     we had entered into a series of transaction documents to restructure our investment in Wanda Commercial
     Properties.

B.   Business Overview
     Overview
     We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. Our cutting-edge retail infrastructure
     seeks to enable consumers to buy whatever they want, and whenever and wherever they want it. We opened
     our technology and infrastructure to partners, brands and other sectors, as part of our retail as a service offering
     to help drive productivity and innovation across a range of industries.


     Overview of Our E-commerce Business
     We believe our scale and market leadership are built upon our competitive edge in customer experience and
     operational efficiency, as well as our commitment to strategically invest in technology and logistics infrastructure
     for the long term.


     Providing superior customer experience is our top priority. Our e-commerce business offers customers a wide
     selection of authentic products at competitive prices. We have built and operate our own nationwide fulfillment
     infrastructure that supports our e-commerce business. Our speedy, efficient and reliable fulfillment services
     ensure a high degree of customer satisfaction. We offer an enjoyable online shopping experience mainly through
     our content-rich, user-friendly and highly personalized mobile apps and website www.jd.com. We also provide
     comprehensive customer services and convenient payment options.


     We operate online retail and marketplace e-commerce businesses. In our online retail business, we purchase
     products from suppliers and sell them directly to our customers. We offer a wide range of product categories
     through our online retail business, including electronics products, home appliances and a large variety of other
     general merchandise categories. We have established strong relationships with our suppliers as our online retail
     business grows over time.



                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        117
      Part I (Continued)




           Timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to our success. Leveraging this nationwide fulfillment capability, we
           deliver a majority of the orders to customers by ourselves. Since 2020, we have further improved our efficiency
           in more cities, especially the less developed areas, as we continued to expand our same day and next day
           delivery service in these areas. Our fulfillment services have been proven to be highly reliable in response
           to customer needs, and we offer our customers and consumers a full spectrum of integrated supply chain
           solutions and high-quality logistics services covering various industries, helping them reduce costs and enhance
           efficiency.


           We launched our online marketplace in October 2010, and have since then been continually adding third-party
           merchants and introducing new products and services, to our customers. Merchants on our online marketplace
           are held to high standards for transacting with our customers. We aim to offer our customers a consistently
           high-quality online shopping experience regardless of whether they purchase from us or third-party merchants.


           We provide a variety of digital marketing services to marketers on our e-commerce platform, including suppliers
           to our online retail business, third-party merchants on our online marketplace and other partners. Powered by
           AI technology, our digital marketing platform provides our marketing customers with comprehensive digital
           branding and performance-based marketing solutions and various effective measurement tools, which help them
           reach targeted audiences, attract and retain customers and improve their returns. Our digital marketing platform
           also features marketing tools for online marketing message creation, targeting, bidding, deployment and budget
           allocation, which enables marketers to manage their digital marketing strategy and spending in a convenient and
           efficient manner.


           We are exploring a variety of initiatives to meet our customers’ ever-growing demand. We believe we are
           well-positioned to empower traditional offline retailers by capitalizing on our strong online presence, industry
           know-how and technology and systems.


           Our proprietary and scalable technology platform enhances user experience, improves operating efficiency and
           supports the growth in our e-commerce business. Leveraging machine-learning technology and massive data
           sets amassed from online purchase behaviors, we curate personalized product recommendations and push
           targeted promotions. We utilize AI technology to refine our merchandise sourcing strategy, allowing us to
           efficiently manage our inventory and control cost. With consumer insights generated from big data analytics, we
           provide tailor-made products through customer-to-manufacturer production, which increase sales and enhance
           customer satisfaction.




118   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Overview of Our Supply Chain-based Technologies and Services
We provide supply chain-based technology and services to other businesses. We take a holistic view on the
supply chain covering from upstream manufacturing and procurement, logistics, distribution and retail to end
customers.


We have established strong relationships with numerous suppliers, brands and partners. We leverage these
relationships and our retail technology capability to provide them with a variety of service solutions. Over the
past decade, we have also built a highly scalable and reliable logistics infrastructure and technology platform
for our retail business. We are opening up logistics infrastructure and technology platform to third parties with
comprehensive logistic services and technology solutions.


Technology is crucial to our achievements today and continued success in the future. It enables better customer
experience, more customer cost savings and higher efficiency, while it also serves as a foundation to export our
capabilities to enhance productivity and innovation across a multitude of industries in China.


Logistics Services
We made a strategic decision in 2007 to invest in and build our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. As of
December 31, 2025, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties and districts across
China, with a network of over 1,600 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of over 34 million square
meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse Platform. In addition, we
had a team of 642,940 warehouse and delivery employees as of December 31, 2025. Our value proposition is
to empower our customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. We help our customers reduce redundant distribution
layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. Our solutions are
powered by our proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing.


Our Retail Technology Services and Other Technology Initiatives
Capitalizing on our retail data, infrastructure and technology, we commercialize our retail capability into services
we offer to brands and partners in the retail industry. Through such services, we believe we can create, together
with our partners, a more advanced and comprehensive retail ecosystem to reach and serve more consumers,
wherever and whenever they shop.


We have developed robust supply-chain based technology in three key areas, namely AI, big data analytics
and cloud computing. We have world-class scientists and a large team of AI engineers. Our technology
achievements have been well recognized globally. For example, we built a smart supply-chain platform that
includes application-level products supporting many use cases that are applicable to our business as well as our
ecosystem.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        119
      Part I (Continued)




           Core Philosophy
           Putting customers first is always our core philosophy, as illustrated by the following:

                                                               Customer




                                                Experience        Cost        Efficiency




                                                              Technology




                                                                  Team




           •     Our team is the foundation of our company. We have built a strong and dedicated team and made
                 significant efforts in hiring, training and retaining the best talent.


           •     Technology is a key contributor to maintaining our competitive advantage. Upgrading core technologies
                 can effectively reduce cost, improve operating efficiency, and deliver best-in-class customer experience.
                 In order to achieve sustainable future growth, we have been heavily investing in technology innovation
                 and will continue to do so. Our technology strategy focuses on three key areas, namely: AI, big data and
                 cloud. By adopting a middle platform model, which means to establish an application architecture that
                 organizes reusable business services to meet the needs of volatile user scenarios, and compartmentalizing
                 the IT components and standard application programming interfaces in our IT architecture, we have greatly
                 enhanced R&D efficiency and accelerated business innovation. More importantly, this has enabled us to
                 offer more value-added technology services to our clients across a wide spectrum of industries.


           •     To create value for our customers, partners and society, we make continual efforts to deliver better
                 customer experiences, reduce cost and improve efficiency:


                 •    Our technology and data-driven management employ an array of key performance indicators to
                      minimize costs and maximize efficiency in our operations;


                 •    We continue to encourage innovation with our partners in order to offer customers a holistic shopping
                      experience through both online and offline channels, thereby increasing customer loyalty; and


                 •    We have opened up our infrastructure, including logistics, systems and technologies, to our business
                      partners to develop more innovative solutions that could reduce cost and enhance efficiency for
                      society as a whole.



120   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




As a result, we are able to offer a broad selection of products, services and solutions at competitive prices as
well as excellent experiences. We strive to deliver a sustainable best-in-class customer experience that leads to
more loyalty and commitment.


Our Business
Since founding our company, we have focused on developing our online retail business as well as building our
own fulfillment infrastructure, including last mile delivery capability, all based on our proprietary technology
platform to support our operations. As our online retail business grew substantially in size, we launched our
online marketplace to complement it and expand our product offerings, leverage our established fulfillment
infrastructure and technology platform and ensure a superior customer experience. More recently, we have
also begun to offer comprehensive supply chain-based services that complement our core business and create
significant value for a wide range of business partners.


JD Retail
Online Retail
In our online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them directly to customers. We believe
that large scale and market leading position are critical to success in the online retail market in China and can
provide important competitive advantages to us.


Online Marketplace
In our online marketplace business, third-party merchants offer products to customers on our online marketplace
and pay us sales commissions. We launched our online marketplace in October 2010 and have been adding new
products and services, since then.


We provide transaction processing and billing services on all orders placed on our online marketplace. We
monitor third-party merchants’ performance and activities on our online marketplace closely to ensure that they
meet our requirements for high-quality customer service. We tag certain top stores on our platform as “Five
Star Store (五星店鋪)” based on each third-party merchant’s quality of service, user experience, and other
operating performance metrics during the entire purchase process. Such certification can help the top third-party
merchants improve their conversion efficiency on the platform. Furthermore, it sets a benchmark to encourage
other third-party merchants to improve their operations. We aim to offer customers the same high-quality
customer experience regardless of the source of the products they choose.


Omni-channel Initiatives
We are exploring a variety of omni-channel integration opportunities and innovative business models. The term
“omni-channel” refers to a marketing approach that seeks to provide a consistent customer experience across
multiple channels including websites, apps and physical offline stores.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        121
      Part I (Continued)




           To provide customers with a more dynamic and interactive integrated omni-channel shopping experience, we
           have enabled some of our offline partners with a variety of the latest technologies such as facial recognition,
           product recognition, and a tracking system for customers’ in-store activities, among others. We have established
           a closed loop to accumulate a large volume of offline shopping data, and through further analysis of the
           integrated online and offline dataset, we can offer differentiated products that best suit potential customer
           demand in each offline franchise store.


           7FRESH, our offline fresh food market brand, is part of our omni-channel strategy. In December 2017, we
           opened our first 7FRESH store in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing. We
           integrated our advanced supply chain management know-how and cutting-edge storage technologies to 7FRESH
           stores. The application of our advanced supply chain management solution and technology on 7FRESH is part of
           our ongoing experiments to deploy our retail and supply chain service capabilities, which is expected to further
           expand our 7FRESH presence to pursue an enhanced shopping experience for our consumers.


           In September 2021, we opened our first “JD MALL” offline store in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province, offering consumers
           an immersive omni-channel shopping experience. In addition to traditional electronic categories offered by
           JD Super Experience Store, JD MALL provides over 200,000 items from more than 200 brands, in categories
           including home, furniture, kids, smart healthcare products and auto accessories. Through its partnership with
           leading furniture makers, JD MALL meets the demand among younger consumers for bespoke one-stop-shop
           home design services that incorporate furniture and home appliances categories.


           Marketing Services
           Leveraging our technology capabilities and our comprehensive dataset accumulated from a wide range of
           business scenarios along the entire value chain, we provide a variety of marketing services to suppliers and
           third-party merchants through our proprietary advertisement technology platform. We provide suppliers and
           third-party merchants with full-link digital and intelligent marketing solutions, and empower suppliers and third-
           party merchants to achieve quality, predictable, and sustainable growth. Technologically, we have established
           three core engines to drive our marketing ecosystem. Intelligent Bidding: We have fully integrated generative
           AI algorithms across our entire suite of advertising products. By leveraging a joint bidding mechanism that
           synergizes internal and external budgets, we have enhanced merchants’ ability to acquire traffic with better
           return on investment (ROI). Intelligent Placement: We have deployed generative Large Language Models (LLMs)
           to power both traffic distribution and AIGC-driven creativity. This facilitates one-stop placement across diverse
           business segments, including retail and food delivery. AI Agents Application: We have implemented our self-
           developed AI Agents to provide full-scenario intelligent management across “Cognition, Decision-making, and
           Execution,” enabling comprehensive automated oversight of the marketing lifecycle.




122   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




JD Logistics
JD Logistics is the leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider in China.
On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics offers a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and high-
quality logistics services enabled by technology, ranging from warehousing to distribution, spanning across
manufacturing to end-customers, covering regular and specialized items. JD Logistics’s value proposition is
to empower customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. JD Logistics helps customers reduce redundant
distribution layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. The solutions
are powered by proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing. As of
December 31, 2025, JD Logistics operated over 1,600 warehouses, which covered an aggregate gross floor
area of over 34 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open
Warehouse Platform.


JD Logistics harnesses the power of technology to enhance the operational efficiency of warehouse network.
A notable example is the Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks, which also demonstrate their industry-leading
technological innovations and high technology standards. As of December 31, 2025, JD Logistics operated 45
Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks in 30 cities across China.


JD Health
JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China. On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health
commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “6618.” As a
leading online healthcare platform, JD Health’s mission is to become the go-to health management platform
for everyone in China. Its strategic position is to create a technology-driven platform that centers on the supply
chain of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and is strengthened by healthcare services, encompassing
a user’s full life span for all healthcare needs. It is committed to offering users easily accessible, convenient,
high-quality yet affordable pharmaceutical and healthcare products. To achieve this goal, JD Health has built a
one-stop online health management platform to create greater value for all participants in the healthcare value
chain, and will continue to expand its core businesses, retail pharmacy business and online healthcare services,
through utilizing AI, big data, cloud computing and other advanced technology.


JD Industrials
JD Industrials is the leading industrial supply chain technology and service provider in China. On December 11,
2025, shares of JD Industrials commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under
the stock code “7618.” Through transformational end-to-end industrial supply chain digitalization, it helps its
customers increase supply chain reliability, reduces costs, and enhances efficiency.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        123
      Part I (Continued)




           JD Property
           JD Property is a leading and the fastest-growing platform for developing and managing logistics parks, business
           parks and other similar types of modern infrastructure in Mainland China, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East
           and the Americas. JD Property aims to develop its logistics asset portfolios while maintaining strong capital
           discipline. With the expansion of our asset portfolios, we have adopted a capital recycling strategy. Collaborating
           with strategic capital partners, we set up funds and investment vehicles and recycle capital by disposing the
           projects that are on our balance sheet to such funds and investment vehicles. Meanwhile, we also externally
           source high-quality assets from third parties for the funds and investment vehicles. We believe this strategy
           will help further expand our asset portfolios, minimize our related future capital expenditures and enhance
           our returns. As of December 31, 2025, JD Property had developed, owned or managed modern infrastructure
           assets with a total gross floor area of over 27 million square meters.


           On March 1, 2022, JD Property was deemed to have gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became
           a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property. On July 14, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition and
           privatization of CNLP. As a result, CNLP has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of JD Property. See
           “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Developments of Our
           Subsidiaries — JD Property” for details.


           New Initiatives
           In February 2025, we officially launched JD Food Delivery business. Thanks to its focus on user experience,
           user mindshare, and operational efficiency optimization, JD Food Delivery continued to demonstrate healthy
           development. In the meantime, JD Food Delivery continued to generate synergies with JD Retail, with notable
           progress in user base expansion, user shopping frequency improvement and cross-category purchases.


           Customer Experience
           Our operating principle is “trust-based, customer-centric value creation,” and we are committed to optimizing
           the customer experience and achieving customer satisfaction. This commitment drives every aspect of
           our operations, which are focused on six core components: extensive product offerings, compelling online
           experience, superior customer service, competitive pricing, timely and accurate fulfillment, and convenient
           payment options.


           Products
           We continually seek to add more products that appeal to our customers. We offer a wide range of product
           categories including:


           •     home appliances;


           •     mobile handsets and other digital products;


           •     computers, including desktop, laptop and other varieties, as well as printers and other office equipment;




124   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




•    furniture and household goods;


•    apparel;


•    cosmetics and other personal care items and pet products;


•    women’s shoes, bags, watches, jewelry and luxury goods;


•    men’s shoes, sports gear and fitness equipment;


•    automobiles and accessories;


•    maternal and childcare products, toys and musical instruments;


•    food, beverage and fresh produce;


•    gifts, flowers and plants;


•    pharmaceutical and healthcare products, including OCT pharmaceutical products, nutritional supplements,
     healthcare services and other healthcare equipment;


•    books, e-books, music, movies and other media products;


•    virtual goods, including online travel agency, attraction tickets, and prepaid phone cards and game cards;


•    industrial products; and


•    installation and maintenance services.


Each of these categories is further divided into numerous subcategories to facilitate browsing. In building up
our product offerings, we focus on quality as well as quantity. Due to our nationwide reach and our efficient
fulfillment system, suppliers often choose us to launch new products that they expect will be in high demand,
and we often act as the preferred distributor for a period of days or weeks when a hot new product first
becomes available for sale to the public.


Online Experience
We believe that providing a compelling online experience is critical to attracting and retaining customers. We
make sales primarily through our mobile apps and website www.jd.com. Our online channels not only offer a
broad selection of authentic products at competitive prices but also provides easy site navigation, basic and
advanced search functions, customized product recommendations, comprehensive product information and a
large volume of customer reviews and ratings. These features address customers’ desire to view, understand




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025      125
      Part I (Continued)




           and compare products before purchasing. We currently offer mobile access through our mobile website
           m.jd.com and our various iOS and Android mobile apps. As part of our strategic partnership with Tencent, we
           launched access on Tencent’s Weixin and direct access on Tencent’s Mobile QQ, whereby Tencent users can
           easily access our product offerings and have an enjoyable mobile shopping experience. Over 90% of orders
           fulfilled were placed through our mobile apps in 2025.


           Our mobile apps and www.jd.com website contain the following information and features:


           Comprehensive product information to support prompt decision-making. Each product page contains pictures,
           descriptions, and sometimes short videos of the product, the price, a pull-down menu to show whether the
           product is in stock at the customer’s location, customer reviews and ratings, and whether the product will be
           delivered by us or by one of our third-party merchants. When customers are browsing product pages, we display
           product highlights, reliable services available for this product and the post-discount price on the front page so as
           to support customers to make purchase decisions more efficiently.


           Interactive user community to enhance customer engagement and loyalty. Our mobile apps and websites
           contain a large volume of helpful user-generated and professionally-generated content. For each product,
           customers can provide reviews and ratings that are featured prominently on the product page. We encourage
           participation by granting loyalty points for posting reviews and ratings.


           We also encourage third-party merchants to generate content and promote their products through livestreams
           and short videos on our platform to better interact with our customers.


           Targeted product recommendations to satisfy personalized demands. We have made progress in personalized
           recommendations, leveraging our cutting-edge technologies to provide an individualized shopping experience
           for each of our customers. We identify customers’ demands and make more accurate recommendations based
           on comprehensive algorithms, which are derived from a large volume of data about customer behavior and
           preferences.


           Smart ordering process to further improve the shopping experience. We continue to leverage our technology to
           optimize the ordering process, making the shopping experience more convenient and enjoyable. For example,
           when customers review their shopping carts, not only do we display the special offers available at the time for
           the products in the customers’ shopping carts, but also we combine the existing coupons in our customers’
           accounts with special offers, and calculate the all-in benefits for customers to provide them maximum benefits.


           Real-time order tracking and order information revision system to provide convenient shopping experience.
           Customers can log into their accounts to check the status of their orders. Each package in our system is given
           a unique identification number, and its location is updated each time it is handled by one of our warehouse or
           delivery personnel or one of our third-party couriers. Each of our delivery personnel carries a mobile personal
           digital assistant, which allows customers to track their location in real time on an online map. Furthermore, we
           provide customers with the option to adjust their order information such as changing the shipping address or the
           preferred delivery date or time slot.


126   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




Customer Service
Providing satisfactory customer service is a high priority. Our commitment to customers is reflected in the high
level of service provided by our customer service staff as well as in our flexible product return and exchange
policies. We continue optimizing our customer service to guarantee the best possible shopping experience.


In 2025, we further strengthened our brand image of offering hassle-free services to our customers. Combining
unique service capabilities from our retail business and our third-party merchants, we provide our customers
with customized services for different product categories. Our services cover the entire purchasing process
and include various types of services such as instant refunds, repair by exchange program, home-delivery of
replacements, and extended price protection services for selected retail products, among other offerings. The
service offering aims to facilitate consumers’ purchase decisions by providing trustworthy and guaranteed
services. In 2025, we continued to invest in smart services and leveraged our advanced AI and deep learning
technologies to more efficiently resolve the high volume of customer inquiries without sacrificing the customer
experience. We also leveraged our cutting-edge technologies and smart systems to analyze a large volume of
customer feedback and alerted third-party merchants in advance regarding potential customer service issues,
helping third-party merchants to improve their service quality for our customers.


24-7 customer service centers. We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Wuhan, Chengdu and
Datong, handling all kinds of customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services. We obtained
COPC (Customer Operation Performance Center) Certification in November 2014. Customers can make queries
and file complaints via various channels such as phone calls, online written instant messengers, JD official
accounts on Weixin and Weibo, and through email.


Returns and exchanges. We accept returns or exchanges for any reason within seven days of purchase. For
selected categories in our retail business, we provide an extended 30 days return and 180 days repair by
exchange policy to our customers. Defective merchandise can be returned for exchange within 15 days of
purchase. For customers with good credit, we provide an “instant refund” service, where we provide refunds
as soon as they submit their return requests. If customers report defects more than 15 days after receipt
but are still within the warranty period, we will have the defective goods repaired, replaced or take another
appropriate action to compensate the customer, depending on the nature of the problem. We will generally
pick up defective items for return or exchange at the customer’s address, provided that the return or exchange
is requested within 15 days of receipt of the item and the address is within the area that is serviced by our
employees or by one of the third-party couriers that have agreed to provide this service for us. Alternatively,
customers can also mail the merchandise to one of our regional after-sales centers or bring the product to a
pickup station nearby.


Membership program. We have established a membership program to cultivate customer loyalty and
encourage our customers to make repeat purchases. We continued to promote “JD Plus”, a premium paid
membership program. JD Plus offers benefits including extra rebates, coupons, exclusive prices on selected
product offerings, free shipping and return services, lifestyle service package,VIP customer services, PLUS
DAY promotion events, online medical consultation and JD E-book unlimited access designed specifically for




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025        127
      Part I (Continued)




           JD Plus members. JD Plus also partnered with content and lifestyle service providers such as Tencent Video,
           iQiyi, among others, providing JD Plus members with greater benefits. In addition to our JD Plus, we also have
           a customer value system, “Joy Score (京享值)”, which takes into account various indicators, such as consumer
           behavior, interaction, credit ratings, among others, to determine a comprehensive and dynamic score for each
           consumer. The customers with different level of “Joy Score” can enjoy free loyalty programs. For instance,
           customer with “Joy Score” beyond certain threshold could enjoy a rebate for the plus membership fee. We also
           provide a variety of free premium services, such as local service, fast refund channel and VIP after-sale service,
           to enhance customer experience and engagement. We believe JD Plus membership program and “Joy Score”
           value system can effectively cultivate customer loyalty and enhance the shopping experience and consumer
           engagement.


           Pricing
           We offer competitive pricing to attract and retain customers.


           Pricing policy. We are making continual efforts to set our prices to be competitive with those on other major
           online retail websites and in physical stores in China. If we reduce the price on our website and mobile apps
           before or after the product is delivered to the customer, then the customer generally has an opportunity to lock
           in the lower price. Currently, third-party merchants are free to set their own prices on our online marketplace.
           We also continue to enrich our product offerings and service while maintaining low prices.


           Special promotions. We offer a selection of discounted products on special occasions, such as our anniversary
           sales promotional event on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on November 11, as well as on
           important holidays such as the Chinese New Year. We also hold daily promotions for selected products for a
           limited period of time. Special promotions attract bargain hunters and give our customers an additional incentive
           to visit our website and mobile apps regularly.


           Delivery
           We believe that timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to the continuing success of our business. To this
           end, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenditures in building and operating our own
           nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. The following are some of the advantages that derive from our nationwide
           fulfillment infrastructure:


           Delivery network and personnel. We deliver products directly to customers in almost all counties and districts
           across China. We deliver a majority of orders directly to customers ourselves, and therefore our customers
           interact with delivery personnel more often than with any other representatives of our company. For this reason,
           we place great emphasis on training our delivery personnel and setting up delivery stations in more and more
           counties and districts. We believe that our professionally trained delivery personnel are important in helping us
           to shape customer experience and distinguish ourselves from our competitors.




128   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Flexible delivery arrangements. We believe that timely and convenient delivery is an essential part of customer
satisfaction, and we arrange our delivery schedule to suit our customers’ needs. Customers can choose their
preferred delivery window during the day, including evening delivery in selected areas, when they place orders.
Customers who need to reschedule a delivery can log into their account on our websites or mobile apps to look
up the contact information for the delivery person and contact the delivery person directly themselves, provided
that the delivery will be made by our employees.


Comprehensive speedy delivery service. We introduced our 211 program in 2010. For goods that we have
in stock at the corresponding regional fulfillment center or front distribution center, any orders received by
the morning deadline (11:00 a.m. in most of the locations) will be delivered on the same day, and any orders
received by the evening deadline (11:00 p.m.) will be delivered by 3:00 p.m. on the following day. Customers
also can request that an order placed by 3:00 p.m. be delivered in the evening on the same day in selected
cities. There is no extra charge for delivery under our 211 program for orders that satisfy the minimum size
requirement, and customers can check the product page on our websites or through our mobile apps to see
whether the product is in stock and thus eligible. The program does not cover delivery to addresses through
third-party couriers or products shipped directly from our third-party merchants. JD Logistics also provides
scheduled delivery service in selected cities, allowing customers to choose a convenient delivery window within
which to receive their goods. For luxury products, consumers in major cities can enjoy JD Luxury Express,
a premium delivery service where a courier in suit, tie and white gloves will deliver to consumers’ doors. In
addition, JD Logistics successfully extended its service capabilities to the on-demand delivery scenarios in 2025,
further enriching its product portfolio and business footprint.


Customer pickup. Customers who prefer to pick up their order themselves can select a pickup station when
placing the order and use the tracking function to find out when the order has arrived there. We have pickup
stations at convenient locations across the country.


Continuous expansion of delivery service. We have established and are making continuous efforts to further
expand our cold-chain and cross-border logistics capabilities, and in new business areas, including on-demand
delivery, to expand product offerings while ensuring superior customer experience.


Merchandise Sourcing
In our online retail business, we sourced products from a large number of suppliers. Procuring products on such
a massive scale requires considerable expertise, which we have built up over a number of years. None of our
suppliers accounted for over 10% (by value) of the products we purchased in 2025.


We continue to increase our direct purchases from manufacturers and, where appropriate, to become an
authorized reseller. Our ability to establish direct relationships with manufacturers enables us to provide
high-quality products and obtain better procurement terms and access to hard-to-get products. Direct
cooperation with manufacturers enables us to increase supply chain efficiency by minimizing supply chain costs
and to give customers peace of mind about product quality.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        129
      Part I (Continued)




           We select suppliers and third-party merchants on the basis of brand, reliability, volume and price. They must
           be able to meet our demands for timely supply of authentic products and also provide high quality after-sale
           customer service. We perform background checks on our suppliers and third-party merchants and the products
           they provide before we enter into any agreement. We examine their business licenses and the qualification
           certificates for their products, and check their brand recognition and investigate the market acceptance of their
           products among players in the same industry. We also conduct on-site visits to assess and verify their location,
           business scale, production capacity, property and equipment, human resources, research and development
           capability, quality control system and fulfillment capability. We normally enter into one-year framework
           agreements with our suppliers and third-party merchants and renew them annually.


           Our standard form contract requires suppliers and third-party merchants to represent that their goods are
           authentic and from lawful sources and do not infringe upon lawful rights of third parties and to pay us liquidated
           damages for any breach. We have also put stringent rules in place governing the operations of third-party
           merchants on our online marketplace. Third-party merchants will be subject to penalties or be asked to end their
           operations on our online marketplace if they violate the marketplace rules, for example by selling counterfeit
           products. We have a strict zero-tolerance policy for counterfeit products.


           Logistics Services
           Fulfillment
           We deliver a compelling customer experience by fulfilling orders quickly and accurately. To this end, we have
           built our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure for the prompt receipt, storage and shipment of our products. Our
           fulfillment infrastructure is primarily comprised of a nationwide warehouse and delivery network that we operate
           ourselves, supplemented by third-party couriers to service areas that are not covered by our network. To further
           enhance inventory accountability and security, we track our inventory at all stages of the receiving and order
           fulfillment process.


           Nationwide Fulfillment Infrastructure
           As of December 31, 2025, our warehouse network covered almost all counties and districts across China,
           consisting of over 1,600 warehouses operated by us and over 2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party
           warehouse owner-operators under our Open Warehouse Platform. As of December 31, 2025, our warehouse
           network had an aggregate gross floor area of over 34 million square meters, including the gross floor area of
           the cloud warehouses under our Open Warehouse Platform. We deliver a majority of the orders directly to
           customers ourselves. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to deliver
           our products to our customers during peak seasons to supplement our delivery force. Third-party merchants also
           use third-party couriers if they do not use our delivery services.




130   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Fulfillment Process
The following flow chart outlines our fulfillment process:


                                           Warehouse                         Delivery




    Place         Process           Pick           Pack
                                                                 Sorting        Delivery
     an             the             the             the
                                                                 Center         Station
    Order          Order           Order           Order                                         End
                                                                                               Customer


                                                                                 Pickup
                                                                                 Station




When a customer places an order, our delivery management system automatically processes the order and
matches it to the warehouse or warehouses with the appropriate inventory. Picking is done on the basis
of instructions that are generated automatically by our warehouse management system. The warehouse
management system also automatically generates the bar codes and shipping labels that allow our staff to
match the items to the correct order in the packing process. After picking, packing, and sorting, the order is
shipped to a delivery or pickup station in the customer’s city for further handling and delivery. If the customer’s
address is not one to which we make deliveries ourselves, we will have a third-party courier pick up the order
at our sorting center to make the delivery. Once the order has been shipped, our system automatically updates
the inventory level for each product in the order, ensuring that additional inventory will be ordered as needed.
Our customers can track the shipping status of their orders through our websites or mobile apps at each step in
the process.

We are in the process of constructing new warehouses on land where we have obtained land use rights. We
believe that building our own warehouses will not only increase our storage capacity but will also allow us to
restructure and reorganize our fulfillment workflow and processes.

We also have a dedicated internal division, to explore research, development and application of smart logistics
and unmanned technology, which we believe represent the future trend of the logistics industry. Through the
development of a series of cutting-edge technologies such as intelligent hardware, internet of things, big data,
robotics, image and vision recognition, machine learning, deep learning, and smart logistics devices, we intend
to revolutionize the logistics industry. We are also experimenting with these technologies in a wide range of
logistics business areas such as unmanned warehouses, drone delivery, self-driving vehicles, unmanned delivery
stations and convenience stores, among others. We will continue to invest in smart logistics to improve the
intelligence level of our logistics system and to provide consumers with an unparalleled shopping experience.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        131
      Part I (Continued)




           Open Platform of Our Logistics Services
           We also open up our logistics infrastructure to our third-party merchants and partners beyond our e-commerce
           business. We have developed comprehensive logistics services and continuously strengthen our logistics
           service capability by adding new services such as on-demand delivery, cold-chain services and individual
           parcel delivery solutions. We provide services relating to almost all aspects of logistics operation, including
           warehousing management, storage, long-haul transportation, express and on-demand delivery and cold-chain
           and cross-border services, among others. We offer integrated supply chain management solutions to customers
           in various vertical markets. We also provide technology solutions for logistics operations to enable customers to
           transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic workflows.

           Technology Platform
           Technology is the key to our future success. It enables better customer experience, higher efficiency and
           customer cost savings, while also serving as a vehicle to export our unique capabilities and cutting-edge
           innovation to benefit the whole industry and society.

           We have a large team consisting of research and development professionals primarily covering areas of AI,
           big data analytics and cloud computing. Together, these areas form our technology strategy. We strive to
           deliver best-in-class services to our customers and become the most trusted technology service provider in the
           industry, powered by our large and sophisticated IT infrastructures.

           In addition to our core technology innovation, research and development, we also place a strong emphasis
           on data privacy and security. Protecting customer data and building trust is one of our core values. Operating
           in compliance with the most stringent standards and regulations both in China and globally, we provide our
           customers with a high level of security, privacy protection and ease of mind.

           AI Initiatives
           We have deeply integrated AI into our supply chain. On the marketing front, our AI-powered digital human
           JoyStreamer is helping merchants reduce costs and boost sales performance. On the customer service front,
           our AI customer service system, empowered by multi-scenario and multi-modal AI capabilities, supported the
           surge in service demand across business segments. On the operations front, a range of “AI agents” were
           integrated into internal workflow, enhancing both business insights and operational efficiency. In addition,
           to unlock the consumption potential of AI, we launched JoyInside, an AI agent for robots, toys, and devices,
           which has partnered with many hardware brands to roll out a variety of AI products. We remain committed to
           developing sustainable, implementable AI solutions that create true value for industries.

           Smart Retail & Supply Chain Technology
           Through years of online operation, we have amassed a large amount of know-how and data across China’s
           e-commerce supply-chain, from product manufacturing, warehouse operations and distribution to sales and
           customer service information. Combining the power of big data analytics and AI on our intelligent cloud platform,
           we streamline customer-to-manufacturer production to improve sales and enhance customer satisfaction.
           Leveraging our smart retail and supply chain technology, we provide technology solutions for our logistics
           operations to enable customers to transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic
           workflows.


132   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Logistics Technology
Leveraging extensive operational scenarios and comprehensive operational chain in the industry, we have
deployed self-developed robots at scale, constructing an end-to-end intelligent operational system covering
all stages, including warehousing, sorting, transportation, and delivery, while continuously enhancing the
level of automation application across the entire supply chain. In the warehousing stage, the self-developed
LangzuTech Goods-to-Person (GTP) automated warehousing solution by JD Logistics entered a new phase of
nationwide replication and application in 2025. In the delivery stage, we have cumulatively deployed thousands
of unmanned vehicles nationwide, enhancing operational efficiency across multiple scenarios.

Marketing
We believe that the most effective form of marketing is to continually enhance our customer experience, as
customer satisfaction engenders word-of-mouth referrals and repeat purchases. We have been able to build
an extensive base of loyal customers primarily through providing superior customer experience and conducting
marketing and brand promotion activities.

In addition to continuing marketing activities through traditional online and offline channels, we have also
designed innovative programs and promotion activities to further enhance the brand awareness of both
ourselves and our partners and to better reach our customers. We have launched a series of successful joint
marketing campaigns such as “Super Brand Days,” “Super Category Days” and “Super New Product Days.”
We will continue to leverage our data-driven customer insights to provide customized marketing tools and
campaigns for business partners and help them to develop brand recognition in China. We have also made
progress in social e-commerce innovations, particularly benefiting from access points within Weixin and QQ
channels, both of which have a large mobile internet user base. Through leveraging more targeted, innovative
and interactive marketing tools, we can help brands on the platform increase exposure, drive traffic and achieve
deeper penetration into lower-tier cities and attract younger generations.


In addition, we have formed strategic partnerships with a number of major internet companies in China, aiming
at leveraging these companies’ massive user bases to strengthen collaboration in targeted marketing, user
access points and content-driven marketing. We incurred RMB40.1 billion, RMB48.0 billion and RMB84.0 billion
(US$12.0 billion) of marketing expenses in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


Competition
The online retail industry in China is intensely competitive. Our current or potential competitors include (i) major
e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, such as
Alibaba Group, which operates taobao.com and tmall.com, and (ii) major traditional retailers in China that are
moving into online retailing, such as Suning.com Group Co., Ltd., which operates suning.com. We also face
competition from online retail companies in China focused on specific product categories and from physical retail
stores, including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop shopping experience.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        133
      Part I (Continued)




           We anticipate that the online retail market will continually evolve and will continue to experience rapid
           technological change, evolving industry standards, shifting customer requirements, and frequent innovation.
           We must continually innovate to remain competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our
           industry are:


           • brand recognition and reputation;


           • product quality and selection;


           • pricing;


           • fulfillment capabilities; and


           • customer service.


           In addition, new and enhanced technologies may increase competition in the online retail industry. New
           competitive business models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.


           We believe that we are well-positioned to effectively compete on the basis of the factors listed above. However,
           some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
           supplier relationships, larger customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do.


           Seasonality
           We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of seasonal fluctuations in customer
           purchases, promotional events, and traditional retail seasonality patterns. For example, we generally experience
           less user traffic and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New
           Year holiday season in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are
           significantly higher in the fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.


           E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year that tend
           to boost sales in the fourth quarter relative to other quarters, and we hold a special promotional campaign in
           the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of our e-commerce
           business. Due to our limited operating history, the seasonal trends that we have experienced in the past may
           not apply to, or be indicative of, our future operating results.




134   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Intellectual Property
We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and
similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on copyright, trademark and patent law and
confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with our employees and others to protect
our proprietary rights. As of December 31, 2025, we owned over 9,600 computer software copyrights in China
relating to various aspects of our operations and maintained over 35,400 trademark registrations inside China
and over 6,400 trademark registrations outside China. We had approximately 44,400 trademark applications
inside China and over 9,500 outside China. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 13,000 patents
granted in China, over 1,100 patents granted outside China, approximately 24,200 patent applications pending
in China and approximately 2,000 patent applications pending outside China. As of December 31, 2025, we
had registered over 9,900 domain names. Our registered domain names include jd.com, jdl.cn, jdh.com and
jingdongindustrials.com, among others.

Insurance
We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
facilities. We maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at various locations. We also provide
social security insurance including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
maternity insurance and medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident
insurance for all employees and supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and
other professional personnel. We consider our insurance coverage to be sufficient for our business operations
in China.

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
ESG is important to our long-term development. We continue to drive ESG progress with focuses on the
following areas.

Environmental Sustainability
We aim to build a green and low-carbon supply chain by actively promoting carbon-reduction measures in the
fields of warehousing, packaging, transportation and beyond, and driving development of a circular economy
with joint efforts with upstream and downstream partners. We have installed photovoltaic power generation
systems at our intelligent industrial parks, which have supplied green electricity and reduced carbon emission
by replacing fossil energy power generation. JD Logistics also achieved annual carbon reduction through green
packaging promotion across the supply chain.


Building Customer Trust
We adhere to “customer first,” providing customers high-quality products and shopping experience to build
customer trust. Supplier management is important to us to serve and build trust with customers. Under our
responsible procurement, we have incorporated requirements for our suppliers in the areas of business ethics,
social responsibilities, occupational health and safety, environmental protection, among others, and have
established the JD.com Supplier Code of Conduct.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        135
      Part I (Continued)




           People Oriented
           Our people are the driving force of our sustainable development. We are always committed to providing
           comprehensive employee care and welfare, offering multi-dimensional employee training and talent
           development programs and creating high-quality job opportunities.

           Business Ethics
           Guided by our commitment to “Achieving Success the Right Way,” we have implemented multiple measures
           to build a trustworthy business ecosystem, such as the establishment of governance systems, comprehensive
           training and promotion, and accountability and rewards, in the areas of compliance, information security and
           privacy protection, among others.

           •     Compliance: We integrate the concept of “compliance enables development” into our business activities.
                 We carry out integrity and compliance trainings for our employees, suppliers and business partners
                 every year.

           •     Information security and privacy protection: We place great importance to information security and
                 privacy protection, and have built a comprehensive system, including policies, management, technology,
                 supervision and training, to enhance our efforts in this field.

           Technology Empowerment and Technology for Good
           Our commitment to leveraging technology for good drives our innovation, constantly enhancing our customer
           experience and efficiency of our business partners. We actively apply our technological innovations to provide
           more accurate search results and recommendations to our customers, improving their shopping experience. By
           leveraging our intelligent supply chain capabilities, in 2025, we achieved an industry leading level of inventory
           turnover of 37.8 days, empowering our business partners to achieve greater operating efficiency.

           Giving Back to the Community
           Leveraging our advantages and experience in building a “Responsible Supply Chain”, we make active
           contribution in rural revitalization, disaster relief, and philanthropy. We have worked with farmers to launch
           a series of high-quality landmark agricultural products, leveraging our supply chain and scale benefits to help
           farmers reduce operating costs and enhance competitiveness.


           Regulation
           This section sets forth a summary of the most significant rules and regulations that affect our business activities
           in China.




136   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Amended Company Law
The establishment, operation and management of corporate entities in the PRC are governed by the Company
Law of the PRC. On December 29, 2023, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress
promulgated the amended Company Law of the PRC, which came into effect on July 1, 2024, to supersede
the prior version of PRC Company Law which was amended in October 2018. The major revisions made by the
amended PRC Company Law included improving the system for the establishment and liquidation of companies,
optimizing organizational structures of companies, improving the capital system of companies, strengthening the
responsibilities of the controlling shareholder and management staff, and enhancing the social responsibilities
of companies, etc. With respect to the period for payment of the registered capital, pursuant to the amended
PRC Company Law, all shareholders of a PRC limited liability company shall fully pay up the registered capital
subscribed for by such shareholders within five years since the date of establishment of the PRC limited liability
company, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. On July 1, 2024, the State Council issued the
Regulations of the State Council on the Implementation of the Registered Capital Registration Management
System of the PRC Company Law, which further specified the detailed requirements and measures of the
registration and management of registered capital under the amended PRC Company Law. Pursuant to such
regulations, there shall be a three-year interim period from July 1, 2024 to June 30, 2027 for the existing
companies established before June 30, 2024 to adjust their time limit for capital contribution.


Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment
Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are principally governed by the Catalog of Industries for
Encouraging Foreign Investment, or the Catalog, and the Special Management Measures for the Access of
Foreign Investment, or the Negative List, which were promulgated and are amended from time to time by
the Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC, and together with the Foreign Investment Law and their respective
implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Catalog and the Negative List lay out the basic framework
for foreign investment in China, classifying businesses into three categories with regard to foreign investment:
“encouraged,” “restricted” and “prohibited.” Industries not listed in the Catalog or the Negative List are
generally deemed as falling into a fourth category “permitted” unless specifically restricted by other PRC laws.


The Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC promulgated the Catalogue of Industries for Encouraging Foreign
Investment (2025 Version) on December 15, 2025, and the Special Management Measures (Negative List)
for the Access of Foreign Investment (2024) on September 6, 2024, to replace the previous encouraging
catalogue and negative list thereunder. Each of Jingdong Century and Shanghai Shengdayuan primarily engages
in the online wholesale and retail of products, the development of computer network technology, technical
consultancy and technical services, which are in the permitted category.


On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law, which has
become effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly
Foreign-owned Enterprise Law, as well their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign
Investment Law, by means of legislation, establishes the basic framework for the access, promotion, protection
and administration of foreign investment in view of investment protection and fair competition.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        137
      Part I (Continued)




           According to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign investment shall enjoy pre-entry national treatment, except
           for those foreign invested entities that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited”
           in the “negative list.” The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested entities operating in foreign
           “restricted” or “prohibited” industries will require entry clearance and other approvals. The Foreign Investment
           Law does not comment on the concept of “de facto control” or contractual arrangements with variable interest
           entities, however, it has a catch-all provision under definition of “foreign investment” to include investments
           made by foreign investors in China through means stipulated by laws or administrative regulations or other
           methods prescribed by the State Council. Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative
           regulations or provisions to provide for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. See
           “Key Information — Risk Factors — Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by
           the PRC Foreign Investment Law.”


           The Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their
           investments in the PRC, including, among others, that local governments shall abide by their commitments
           to the foreign investors; foreign-invested enterprises are allowed to issue stocks and corporate bonds; except
           for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable
           compensation shall be made in a timely manner, expropriate or requisition the investment of foreign investors is
           prohibited; mandatory technology transfer is prohibited, allows foreign investors’ funds to be freely transferred
           out and into the territory of PRC, which run through the entire lifecycle from the entry to the exit of foreign
           investment, and provide an all-around and multi-angle system to guarantee fair competition of foreign-invested
           enterprises in the market economy. In addition, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should
           be imposed legal liabilities for failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements.
           Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to
           the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within
           five years after the implementing of the Foreign Investment Law, which means that foreign invested enterprises
           may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance in accordance with the current PRC Company
           Law and other laws and regulations governing the corporate governance.


           On December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Rules to the Foreign Investment
           Law, which became effective on January 1, 2020. The implementation rules further clarified that the state
           encourages and promotes foreign investment, protects the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors,
           regulates foreign investment administration, continues to optimize foreign investment environment, and
           advances a higher-level opening.


           On December 30, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce and the SAMR jointly promulgated the Measures for
           Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, which became effective on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the
           Measures for Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, where a foreign investor carries out investment
           activities in China directly or indirectly, the foreign investor or the foreign-invested enterprise shall submit the
           investment information to the competent commerce department.




138   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




According to the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign Investment promulgated by the NDRC and the
Ministry of Commerce on December 19, 2020 and became effective on January 18, 2021, the NDRC and the
Ministry of Commerce will establish a working mechanism office in charge of the security review of foreign
investment. Such measures define foreign investment as direct or indirect investment by foreign investors in the
PRC, which includes (i) investment in new onshore projects or establishment of wholly foreign owned onshore
companies or joint ventures with foreign investors; (ii) acquiring equity or asset of onshore companies by
merger and acquisition; and (iii) onshore investment by and through any other means. Investment in certain key
areas with bearing on national security, such as important cultural products and services, important information
technology and internet services and products, key technologies and other important areas with bearing on
national security which results in the acquisition of de facto control of investee companies, shall be filed with a
specifically established office before such investment is carried out. What may constitute “onshore investment
by and through any other means” or “de facto control” could be broadly interpreted under such measures. It is
likely that control through contractual arrangement be regarded as de facto control based on provisions applied
to security review of foreign investment in the free trade zone. Failure to make such filing may subject such
foreign investor to rectification within prescribed period, and will be recorded as negative credit information of
such foreign investor in the national credit information system, which would then subject such investors to joint
punishment as provided by the rules. If such investor fails to or refuses to undertake such rectification, it would
be ordered to dispose of the equity or asset and to take any other necessary measures so as to return to the
status quo and to erase the impact to national security.


Foreign Investment in Value-Added Telecommunications Businesses
The Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunications Enterprises promulgated by
the State Council in December 2001 and subsequently amended in September 2008, February 2016 and
March 2022, set forth detailed requirements with respect to capitalization, investor qualifications and application
procedures in connection with the establishment of a foreign-invested telecommunications enterprise. These
regulations prohibit a foreign entity from owning more than 50% of the total equity interest in any value-added
telecommunications service business in China and require the major foreign investor in any value-added
telecommunications service business in China have a good and profitable record and operating experience in
the industry. However, pursuant to the amendment to the Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested
Telecommunications Enterprises issued by the State Council in March 2022, which became effective on
May 1, 2022, several provisions, including the requirement that such major foreign investors described above
to have a good and profitable record and operating experience in the industry had been removed. In addition,
the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2024) allows foreign
investors to hold more than 50% equity interests in a value-added telecommunications service provider
engaging in e-commerce, domestic multi-party communication, storage-and-forward and call center businesses.
Due to these regulations, we operate our www.jd.com website through Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated
variable interest entities. It should also be noted that according to the Announcement on Conducting the
Pilot Program for Expanding the Opening-up of Value-added Telecom Services promulgated by the MIIT on
April 10, 2024, a pilot program would be launched in pilot areas to remove foreign ownership ratio restrictions
on certain value-added telecom services. These services include internet data centers, content delivery
networks, internet access service providers, online data processing and transaction processing, information




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        139
      Part I (Continued)




           distribution platforms and delivery services within information services (excluding internet news information,
           online publishing, online audiovisual, and internet cultural operations), and information protection and processing
           services. The pilot areas are the Beijing Comprehensive Demonstration Zone for Expanding the Opening-up
           of the Service Industry, Lingang New Area and Leading Area for Socialist Modernization Construction of the
           Shanghai Free Trade Zone, Hainan Free Trade Port, and Shenzhen Demonstration Zone of Socialism with
           Chinese Characteristics. Foreign-invested enterprises in these pilot areas can apply for the license of these
           pilot services.


           In July 2006, the Ministry of Information Industry, the predecessor of the MIIT, issued the Circular on
           Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in the Operation of Value-added Telecommunications
           Business, pursuant to which a PRC domestic company that holds an operating license for value-added
           telecommunications business, which we refer to as a Value-added Telecommunication License, or a VAT
           License, is prohibited from leasing, transferring or selling the VAT License to foreign investors in any form
           and from providing any assistance, including resources, sites or facilities, to foreign investors that conduct
           a value-added telecommunications business illegally in the PRC. Further, the domain names and registered
           trademarks used by an operating company providing value-added telecommunications services must be legally
           owned by that company or its shareholders. In addition, the company’s operational premises and equipment
           must comply with the approved coverage region on its VAT License, and the company must establish and
           improve its internal internet and information security policies and standards and emergency management
           procedures. If a VAT License holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such
           non-compliance within a specified period of time, the MIIT or its local counterparts have the discretion to
           take administrative measures against the license holder, including revoking its VAT License. Jingdong 360,
           the operator of our www.jd.com website, owns the domain names and registered trademarks and has the
           necessary personnel to operate the website.


           Licenses and Permits
           We are required to hold a variety of licenses and permits in connection with various aspects of our business,
           including the following:


           Value-added Telecommunication License
           The Telecommunications Regulations promulgated by the State Council and its related implementation
           rules, including the Catalog of Classification of Telecommunications Business issued by the MIIT,
           categorize various types of telecommunications and telecommunications-related activities into basic or
           value-added telecommunications services, and internet information services are classified as value-added
           telecommunications businesses. Under the Telecommunications Regulations, commercial operators of
           value-added telecommunications services must first obtain a VAT License from the MIIT or its provincial level
           counterparts. Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services promulgated by the
           State Council in 2000 and amended in 2011 and 2024, a commercial ICP service operator must obtain an ICP
           License from the government authorities before engaging in any commercial ICP service in China. When the
           ICP service involves areas of news, publication and education, and if required by law or regulations, specific
           approval from the respective regulatory authorities must be obtained prior to applying for the ICP License




140   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




from the MIIT or its provincial level counterpart. In 2017, the MIIT replaced the Administrative Measures on
Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses promulgated in 2009 by promulgating the Administrative
Measures on Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses, which set forth more specific provisions
regarding the types of licenses required to operate value-added telecommunications services, the qualifications
and procedures for obtaining such licenses and the administration and supervision of such licenses. Jingdong
360, as our ICP operator, holds an ICP License issued by the Beijing Telecommunications Administration for
the provision of information services through the internet, a VAT License issued by Beijing Telecommunication
Administration for the provision of online data processing and transaction processing services and also a VAT
License issued by the MIIT for the provision of information services through a mobile network, the provision of
internet data center services, internet access services, cellular mobile communications services provided in the
means of resale, content delivery network services and storage-and-forward services.


Internet Publication License/Network Publication Service License
As a result of institutional reform in March 2018, the National Press and Publication Administration was
established and assigned to undertake the administration of publication activities in China from the State
Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television, which was integrated from the State
Administration of Radio, Film and Television, and the General Administration of Press and Publication in March
2013. In June 2002, the MIIT and the General Administration of Press and Publication jointly promulgated
the Tentative Administrative Measures on Internet Publication, which require internet publishers to obtain a
license from the General Administration of Press and Publication to conduct internet publication activities. In
February 2016, the State Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television and the MIIT jointly
issued the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, which took effect in March 2016 and replaced the
Tentative Administrative Measures on Internet Publication. The Administrative Measures on Network Publication
further strengthened and expanded the supervision and management on the network publication service.
Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, entities engaging in the network publication
service are required to obtain a network publication service license from a competent administrative authority;
the network publishing services refer to the activities of providing network publications to the public through
information networks; and the network publications refer to the digitalized works with the publishing features
such as editing, producing and processing. The Administrative Measures on Network Publication also provide
the detailed qualifications and application procedures for obtaining a Network Publication Service License.


Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate
In July 2004, the State Food and Drug Administration, the predecessor of the National Medical Products
Administration, promulgated the Administrative Measures on Internet Drug Information Service (amended in
November 2017). In addition, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress further amended
the Drug Administration Law on August 26, 2019, which became effective on December 1, 2019. These
laws and measures, together with certain implementing rules and notices promulgated by the State Food
and Drug Administration or the National Medical Products Administration, set out regulations governing the
classification, application, approval, content, qualifications and requirements for internet drug information
services. An ICP service operator that provides information regarding drugs or medical devices must obtain an
Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate from the applicable provincial level administrative
authority. Jingdong 360 has completed the filing for drugs and medical devices internet information services.


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        141
      Part I (Continued)




           On December 19, 2025, the National Medical Products Administration released the Regulations on the Filing
           Administration of Internet Drug or Medical Device Information Services. According to these regulations,
           information service providers shall, prior to providing internet drug or medical device information services,
           complete the filing procedures with the provincial-level drug regulatory department of their locality and obtain a
           filing number.


           Courier Service Operation Permit
           Pursuant to the PRC Postal Law, the Administrative Measures on the Courier Service Market and the
           Administrative Measures on Courier Service Operation Permits, any entity engaging in courier services must
           obtain a Courier Service Operation Permit from the State Post Bureau or its local counterpart and is subject to
           their supervision and regulation. Entities applying for a permit to operate courier services in a certain province
           should apply to the provincial level post bureau, while an entity applying for a permit to operate courier
           services across multiple provinces should apply to the State Post Bureau. An entity holding a cross-provincial
           Courier Service Operation Permit may provide courier services in cities other than its place of registration by
           establishing new branches at these cities and then filing with the relevant provincial post bureau for those
           branches. In addition, pursuant to the Interim Regulations of Courier which came into effect in May 2018 and
           was most recently amended in April 2025, express delivery operators and their branches may open express
           delivery terminal outlets according to their business needs, and shall file with the local postal administrations
           in the places where such terminal outlets are located within 20 days from the date of opening such terminal
           outlets. Express delivery terminal outlets are not required to obtain a business license. The courier business
           must be operated within the permitted scope and valid term of the Courier Service Operation Permit. As of
           December 31, 2025, Beijing Jingbangda had obtained one cross-provincial Courier Service Operation Permit,
           and its 38 subsidiaries had obtained Courier Service Operation Permits. See “Key Information — Risk Factors
           — Risks Related to Our Business — We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of
           requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with applicable
           laws or regulations may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
           operations.”


           Road Transportation Operation Permit
           Under the Regulations on Road Transportation promulgated by the State Council in April 2004 and as amended,
           and the Provisions on Administration of Road Transportation and Stations (Sites) issued by the Ministry of
           Transport in June 2005 and as amended, unless otherwise provided in the foregoing laws, anyone engaging
           in the business of operating road transportation must obtain a Road Transportation Operation Permit, and
           each vehicle used for shipping must have a Road Transportation Certificate. As of December 31, 2025, Xi’an
           Jingdong Xuncheng and its ten branches and two subsidiaries, Beijing Jingbangda and its three branches and 33
           subsidiaries, and Jingdong Logistics Transportation Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary had obtained Road Transportation
           Operation Permits that allow these entities to provide road freight transportation services. See “Key Information
           — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations.
           Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with
           applicable laws or regulations may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
           results of operations.”




142   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Business License
According to the Interim Regulations on the Flight Management of Unmanned Aircraft released by the Central
Military Commission and the State Council of China in May 2023, the use of civilian unmanned aircraft classified
as micro or smaller for flight activities requires the acquisition of a Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Air
Operator Certificate. Xi’an Jingdong Tianhong Technology Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of Jingdong Logistics Supply
Chain Co., Ltd., has obtained the Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Air Operator Certificate.


Publication Operation Permit
In May 2016, the Ministry of Commerce and the State Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and
Television jointly promulgated the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2016 Version), which
replaced the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2011 Version). According to the Administrative
Measures for the Publication Market (2016 Version), where an entity or individual is engaged in the distribution
of publications via the internet or other information networks, the entity or individual is required to obtain a
Publication Operation Permit. Entities and individuals engaged in the wholesale or retail of publications are
required to carry out their activities within the scope of a Publication Operation Permit. Where an entity or
individual has obtained the Publication Operation Permit and is engaged in the distribution of publications
via the internet or other information networks within the approved business scope, the entity or individual is
required to complete record filing with the publication administrative department within 15 days after launching
the online distribution business. We engage in wholesale and retail of books and audio and video products and
other publications mainly through entities including Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Beijing Jingdong Century Information
Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Jingdong Trading Limited and Shanghai Yuanmai Trading Co., Ltd., among
others. Each of these entities has obtained a Publication Operation Permit.


Food Operation Permit
China has adopted a licensing system for food supply operations under the Food Safety Law and its
implementation rules. Entities or individuals that intend to engage in food production, food distribution or
food service businesses must obtain licenses or permits for such businesses. Pursuant to the Administrative
Measures for Food Operation Licensing and Record-filing, issued by SAMR in June 2023 and became effective
in December 2023, which replaced the Administrative Measures on Food Operation Licensing issued by the
State Food and Drug Administration in August 2015 and amended in November 2017, an enterprise needs to
obtain a Food Operation Permit from the local market administration before conducting food sales and catering
service activities, while only filing with local market administration is needed for enterprises selling prepackaged
food. We sell food, liquor and nutritional supplements through our mobile apps and websites. Our major PRC
subsidiaries or their branches engaging in food operation business have obtained Food Operation Permits.


Medical Device Operation Enterprise Permit
The Regulations on Supervision and Administration of Medical Devices, issued by the State Council in 2000 and
further amended in March 2014, May 2017, June 2021 and December 2024, divides medical devices into three
types. Enterprises engaging in the sale of Type II medical devices must file with the relevant drug supervision
and administration authority while those engaging in the sale of Type III medical devices must obtain a Medical
Device Operation Permit from the relevant drug supervision and administrative authority. Beijing Jingdong




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        143
      Part I (Continued)




           Century Information Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Jingdong Century), Beijing Jingdong Hongjian Jiankang
           Co., Ltd. and certain other subsidiaries of Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd. have obtained Medical Device
           Operation Permits for the sale of several types of Type III medical devices.


           Permit for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs
           Under the Regulations on the Administration of Production of Radio and Television Programs issued by the
           State Administration of Radio, Film and Television in July 2004 and amended in August 2015, October 2020 and
           June 2025, any entities that engage in the production of radio and television programs are required to apply for
           a Permit for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs from the competent administrative authority.
           Entities with this permit must conduct their business operations in compliance with the approved scope of
           production and operation. Furthermore, entities other than radio and TV stations are prohibited from producing
           consolidated radio and TV programs regarding current political news or similar subjects. Jingdong 360 has
           obtained a Permit for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs, which remains valid until June 2027.


           Regulations Relating to E-Commerce
           China’s e-commerce industry is at a relatively early stage of development and there are few PRC laws or
           regulations specifically regulating the e-commerce industry.


           On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the E-Commerce
           Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the E-Commerce Law, an e-commerce platform
           operator shall (i) collect, verify and register the truthful information submitted by the third-party merchants
           that apply to sell products or provide services on its platform, including the identities, addresses, contacts
           and licenses, establish registration archives and update such information on a regular basis; (ii) submit the
           identification information of the third-party merchants on its platform to market regulatory administrative
           department as required and remind the third-party merchants to complete the registration with market
           regulatory administrative department; (iii) submit identification information and tax-related information to tax
           authorities as required in accordance with the laws and regulations regarding the administration of tax collection
           and remind the individual third-party merchants to complete the tax registration; (iv) record and retain the
           information of the products and services and the transaction information for no less than 3 years; (v) display
           the platform service agreement and the transaction rules or links to such information on the homepage of the
           platform; (vi) display the noticeable labels regarding the products or services provided by the platform operator
           itself on its platform, and take liabilities for such products and services; (vii) establish a credit evaluation system,
           display the credit evaluation rules, provide consumers with accesses to make comments on the products and
           services provided on its platform, and restrain from deleting such comments; and (viii) establish intellectual
           property protection rules, and take necessary measures when any intellectual property holder notifies the
           platform operator that his intellectual property rights have been infringed. An e-commerce platform operator
           shall take joint liabilities with the third-party merchants on its platform and may be subject to warnings and
           fines up to RMB2 million where (i) it fails to take necessary measures when it knows or should have known
           that the products or services provided by the third-party merchants on its platform do not meet the personal
           or property safety requirements or such third-party merchants’ other acts may infringe on the lawful rights and
           interests of the consumers; or (ii) it fails to take necessary measures, such as deleting and blocking information,




144   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




disconnecting, terminating transactions and services, when it knows or should have known that the third-party
merchants on its platform infringe any intellectual property rights of any other third party. With respect to
products or services affecting the consumers’ life and health, if an e-commerce platform operator fails to verify
the third-party merchants’ qualification or fails to fulfill its obligations to safeguard the safety of consumers,
which results in damages to the consumers, it shall take corresponding liabilities and may be subject to
warnings and fines up to RMB2 million.


The Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading promulgated by the SAMR on March 15,
2021 and most recently amended in March 18, 2025, aims to regulate business activities involving the sale of
commodities or provision of services through the internet and other information networks, to replace earlier
measures from 2014. Pursuant to these measures, online trading operators are classified into four types:
the online trading platform operators, operators on platform, operators of self-built websites, and operators
that carry out online trading activities through other online services. These measures reinforce the operation
requirements as provided under the E-Commerce Law and the principles of legality, rationality and necessity in
the collection and use of the users’ information and disclosure of the rules, purposes, methods and scopes of
collection and use of user information. These measures also provide that the online trading operators (i) shall not
use false transactions, fabricated user review etc. to conduct false or misleading business promotion, so as to
defraud or mislead consumers and (ii) shall not eliminate or restrict competition, damage or ruin the competitor’s
reputation. Furthermore, the measures impose a series of regulatory requirements on new forms of online
trading, such as online social networking e-commerce and online livestreaming e-commerce.


According to the Measures for Supervision and Administration of Rules of Online Trading Platform, which was
jointly promulgated by the SAMR and the CAC on December 18, 2025, and came into effect on February 1,
2026, an operator of an online trading platform shall strengthen the administration of joining to and exiting from,
and the trading activities in, its platform through formulation, modification and implementation of platform rules,
and fulfill their responsibilities in areas such as assurance of the quality of goods and services, protection of
consumer rights, fair competition, credit management, information security management, protection of minors
online, protection of personal data, and cybersecurity and data protection in accordance with the law.


In March 2016, the State Taxation Administration, the Ministry of Finance and the General Administration of
Customs jointly issued the Circular on Tax Policy for Cross-Border E-commerce Retail Imports, which took effect
in April 2016. Pursuant to this circular, goods imported through the cross-border e-commerce retail are subject
to tariff, import value-added tax, and consumption tax based on the types of goods. Individuals purchasing any
goods imported through cross-border e-commerce retail are taxpayers, and e-commerce companies, companies
operating e-commerce transaction platforms or logistic companies are required to withhold the taxes.


We are subject to these measures as a result of our online retail marketplace business.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        145
      Part I (Continued)




           Regulations Relating to Internet Content
           The Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services specify that internet information services
           regarding news, publications and education, among other things, are to be examined, approved and regulated
           by the authorities. Internet information providers are prohibited from providing services beyond those included
           in the scope of their ICP licenses or filings. Furthermore, these measures clearly specify a list of prohibited
           content. Internet information providers are prohibited from producing, copying, publishing or distributing
           information that is humiliating or defamatory to others or that infringes the lawful rights and interests of others.
           Internet information providers that violate the prohibition may face criminal charges or administrative sanctions
           by the PRC authorities. Internet information providers must monitor and control the information posted on
           their websites. If any prohibited content is found, they must remove the offending content immediately,
           keep a record of it and report to the authorities. Furthermore, in 2019, the CAC issued the Provisions on the
           Management of Network Information Content Ecology, which became effective on March 1, 2020, to further
           strengthen the regulation and management of network information content. Pursuant to the Provisions on the
           Management of Network Information Content Ecology, each network information content service platform
           is required, among others, (i) not to disseminate any information prohibited by laws and regulations, such as
           information jeopardizing national security; (ii) to strengthen the examination of advertisements published on such
           network information content service platform; (iii) to promulgate management rules and platform convention and
           improve user agreement, such that such network information content service platform could clarify users’ rights
           and obligations and perform management responsibilities required by laws, regulations, rules and convention;
           (iv) to establish convenient means for complaints and reports; and (v) to prepare annual work report regarding
           its management of network information content ecology. In addition, a network information content service
           platform must not, among others, (i) utilize new technologies such as deep learning and virtual reality to engage
           in activities prohibited by laws and regulations; (ii) engage in online traffic fraud, malicious traffic rerouting and
           other activities related to fraudulent account, illegal transaction account or maneuver of users’ account; or
           (iii) infringe a third party’s legitimate rights or seek illegal interests by way of interfering with information display.


           On September 15, 2021, the CAC promulgated the Opinions on Further Enforcing Responsibilities on
           Website Platforms as the Main Responsible Party for Information Content Management. In accordance with
           the Opinions, website platforms are required to perform specific responsibilities as the main responsible
           party for information content management, including, among others, enhancing the platform community
           rules, strengthening the regulation and management of accounts, improving the content vetting mechanism,
           improving the quality of information content, managing the dissemination of information content, and
           strengthening the management of key functions.


           Internet information in China is also regulated and restricted from a national security standpoint. The National
           People’s Congress, China’s national legislative body, has enacted the Decisions on Maintaining Internet
           Security, which may subject violators to criminal punishment in China for any effort to: (1) gain improper entry
           into a computer or system of strategic importance; (2) disseminate politically disruptive information; (3) leak
           state secrets; (4) spread false commercial information; or (5) infringe intellectual property rights. The Ministry of
           Public Security has promulgated measures that prohibit use of the internet in ways which, among other things,
           result in a leakage of state secrets or a spread of socially destabilizing content.




146   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Information Security
The National People’s Congress has enacted legislation that prohibits use of the internet that breaches the
public security, disseminates socially destabilizing content or leaks state secrets. Breach of public security
includes breach of national security and infringement on legal rights and interests of the state, society or
citizens. Socially destabilizing content includes any content that incites defiance or violations of PRC laws or
regulations or subversion of the PRC government or its political system, spreads socially disruptive rumors or
involves cult activities, superstition, obscenities, pornography, gambling or violence. State secrets are defined
broadly to include information concerning PRC national defense, state affairs and other matters as determined
by the PRC authorities.


Pursuant to applicable regulations, ICP operators must complete mandatory security filing procedures and
regularly update information security and monitoring systems for their websites with local public security
authorities, and must also report any public dissemination of prohibited content.


In December 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Anti-Terrorism
Law of the PRC, which took effect on January 1, 2016 and was amended on April 27, 2018. According to the
law, telecommunication service operators or internet service providers shall (i) provide technical interfaces,
decryption and other technical support and assistance for the competent departments to prevent and investigate
terrorist activities; (ii) implement network security and information monitoring systems as well as safety
and technical prevention measures to avoid the dissemination of terrorism information, delete the terrorism
information, immediately halt its dissemination, keep records and report to the competent departments once the
terrorism information is discovered; and (iii) examine customer identities before providing services. Any violation
of the law may result in severe penalties, including substantial fines.


In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Cyber
Security Law of the PRC, which took effect on June 1, 2017. In accordance with the Cyber Security Law,
network operators must comply with applicable laws and regulations and fulfill their obligations to safeguard
network security in conducting business and providing services. Network service providers must take technical
and other necessary measures as required by laws, regulations and mandatory requirements to safeguard
the operation of networks, respond to network security effectively, prevent illegal and criminal activities,
and maintain the integrity, confidentiality and usability of network data. On October 28, 2025, the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress issued the Decision on Amending the Cyber Security Law of
the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2026. Pursuant to the amended Cyber Security Law of the
PRC, the violations of the Cyber Security Law of the PRC shall be subject to more punishment. Specifically,
the amended Cyber Security Law of the PRC enhanced the punishment against violations of the network
operation security obligation, the critical information infrastructure operation security obligation, and the network
information security obligation by increasing the upper limits of the fines and imposing additional punishment.
The amended Cyber Security Law of the PRC also enhanced the punishment against personal information
infringement by referencing to the punishment under applicable laws which would include relevant punishment
under the PRC Personal Information Protection Law. On December 28, 2021, the CAC and other twelve PRC
governmental authorities jointly issued the Cybersecurity Review Measures, with effect from February 15, 2022,
which provide detailed cybersecurity review procedures for the purchase of network products and services by


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         147
      Part I (Continued)




           operators of “critical information infrastructure” or the data processing activities by a network platform operator.
           According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, “network products and services” primarily refer to core
           network equipment, important communication product, high-performance computers and servers, mass storage
           equipment, large databases and applications, network security equipment, cloud computing services, and
           other network products and services that may have an important impact on the security of critical information
           infrastructure, cyber security or data security. For the further purposes of regulating data processing activities,
           safeguarding data security, promoting data development and utilization, protecting the lawful rights and interests
           of individuals and organizations, and maintaining national sovereignty, security, and development interests, on
           June 10, 2021, Standing Committee of the PRC National People’s Congress published the Data Security Law
           of the People’s Republic of China, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires
           data processing, which includes the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, publication of
           data, to be conducted in a legitimate and proper manner. The Data Security Law provides for data security and
           privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities. The Data Security Law also introduces
           a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social
           development, and the degree of harm it may cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and
           interests of individuals or organizations if such data are tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or
           illegally used. The appropriate level of protection measures is required to be taken for each respective category
           of data. For example, a processor of important data is required to designate the personnel and the management
           body responsible for data security, carry out risk assessments of its data processing activities and file the risk
           assessment reports with the competent authorities. State core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national
           security, the lifelines of national economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to
           stricter management system. Moreover, the Data Security Law provides a national security review procedure
           for those data activities which affect or may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain
           data and information. In addition, the Data Security Law also provides that any organization or individual within
           the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial body and law enforcement body with any data
           without the approval of the competent PRC governmental authorities. As the Data Security Law was recently
           promulgated, we may be required to make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with this
           law, as well as any adjustments that may be required by the ultimate Personal Information Protection Law.


           On July 6, 2021, certain PRC regulatory authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
           Securities Activities, which, among others, provides for improving the laws and regulations on data security,
           cross-border data transmission, and confidential information management. It provided that efforts will be made
           to revise the regulations on strengthening the confidentiality and file management relating to the offering
           and listing of securities overseas, to implement the responsibility on information security of overseas listed
           companies, and to strengthen the standardized management of cross-border information provision mechanisms
           and procedures.


           On July 30, 2021, the State Council issued the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure.
           Pursuant to these regulations, critical information infrastructure shall mean the important network facilities
           or information systems of key industries or fields such as public communication and information service,
           energy, transportation, water conservation, finance, public services, e-government affairs and national defense
           science, and important network facilities or information systems which may endanger national security,


148   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




people’s livelihood and public interest once there occur damage, malfunctioning or data leakage to them.
The Regulations provide that no individual or organization may carry out any illegal activity of intruding into,
interfering with, or sabotaging any critical information infrastructures, or endanger the security of any critical
information infrastructures. The Regulations also require that critical information infrastructure operators
shall establish a cybersecurity protection system and accountability system, and that the main responsible
person of a critical information infrastructure operator shall take full responsibility for the security protection
of the critical information infrastructures operated by it. In addition, the administration departments for each
important industry and sector shall be responsible for formulating the rule of critical information infrastructure
determination applicable to their respective industry or sector, and determine the critical information
infrastructure operators in their industry or sector.


On July 12, 2021, the MIIT and two other authorities jointly issued the Provisions on the Administration of
Security Vulnerabilities of Network Products. The Provisions state that, no organization or individual may abuse
the security vulnerabilities of network products to engage in activities that endanger network security, or to
illegally collect, sell, or publish the information on such security vulnerabilities. Anyone who is aware of the
aforesaid offences shall not provide technical support, advertising, payment settlement and other assistance
to the offenders. According to the Provisions, network product providers, network operators, and platforms
collecting network product security vulnerabilities shall establish and improve channels for receiving network
product security vulnerability information and keep such channels available, and retain network product security
vulnerability information reception logs for at least six months. The Provisions also bans provision of undisclosed
vulnerabilities to overseas organizations or individuals other than to the product providers.


On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfer, which
became effective on September 1, 2022. These measures provide for the circumstances under which a data
processor shall be subject to security assessment, including (i) where a data processor provides important
data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure operator or a data processor that processes personal
information of more than one million individuals provides personal information abroad; (iii) where a data
processor that has exported personal information of over 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information
of over 10,000 individuals in total since January 1 of the previous year provides personal information abroad;
and (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC. On March 22, 2024, the CAC issued the Provisions
on Facilitating and Regulating Cross-Border Data Flows (the “Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions”), which
requires that data processors shall apply to the national cyberspace administration for security assessment of
cross-border data transfer under the following circumstances, through the local cyberspace administration at the
provincial level: (i) critical information infrastructure operators providing personal information or important data
overseas; and (ii) data processors other than critical information infrastructure operators providing important data
overseas, or cumulatively providing overseas personal information (excluding sensitive personal information)
of more than one million individuals or sensitive personal information of more than 10,000 individuals since
January 1 of a given year and up until the end of that year. The Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions also
provides that, where the data processors other than critical information infrastructure operators provide personal
information (excluding sensitive personal information) overseas of not less than 100,000 but not more than
one million individuals, or the sensitive personal information of not more than 10,000 individuals, cumulatively
since January 1 of a given year and up until the end of that year, it shall conclude a standard contract with


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025     149
      Part I (Continued)




           overseas recipients or obtain the authentication on personal information protection. Articles 3 to 6 of the
           Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions mainly provide the exemptions from applying for the security assessment or
           authentication, and entering into the standard contracts. Exemptions include but are not limited to international
           trade, cross-border transportation, academic cooperation, transactional manufacturing, marketing and other
           activities that do not involve personal information or important data, among others.


           On September 24, 2024, the State Council issued the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security,
           which came into effect on January 1, 2025. These measures stipulate that internet data processors who carry
           out internet data processing activities that affect or may affect national security shall undergo national security
           review in accordance with relevant state regulations. In addition, the Administrative Measures for Internet
           Data Security also regulate other specific requirements in respect of the data processing activities conducted
           by data processors in the view of personal data protection, important data safety, data cross-broader safety
           management and obligations of network platform service provider. Internet data processors shall identify
           and declare important data in accordance with relevant state regulations. For data confirmed as important
           data, relevant regions and departments shall promptly inform internet data processors or make public
           announcements. Internet data processors shall fulfill their responsibilities for internet data security protection.
           Processors of important data shall designate persons in charge of data security and establish data security
           management institutions. Internet data security management institutions shall fulfill their responsibilities for
           data security protection. Processors of important data shall conduct risk assessments of their data processing
           activities on an annual basis and submit risk assessment reports to relevant competent departments at or
           above the provincial level. Relevant competent departments shall promptly notify the cyberspace affairs
           departments and public security organs at the same level. Network platform service providers shall clarify
           the data security protection obligations of third-party product and service providers accessing their platforms
           through platform rules or contracts, and urge third-party product and service providers to strengthen cyber
           data security management. When network platform service providers push information to individuals
           through automated decision-making methods, they shall set up easy-to-understand, accessible and operable
           personalized recommendation closing options, and provide users with functions such as refusing to receive
           pushed information and deleting user tags for their personal characteristics. Furthermore, the Provisions on
           Technological Measures for Internet Security Protection, promulgated by the Ministry of Public Security and
           became effective in March 2006, require all ICP operators to keep records of certain information about its
           users (including user registration information, log-in and log-out time, IP address, content and time of posts by
           users) for at least 60 days and submit the above information as required by laws and regulations. The Decision
           on Strengthening Network Information Protection, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the
           National People’s Congress in December 2012, states that ICP operators must request identity information from
           users when ICP operators provide information publication services to the users. If ICP operators come across
           prohibited information, they must immediately cease the transmission of such information, take measures such
           as elimination, keep records, and report to the government authorities.


           On October 21, 2019, the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the PRC jointly
           issued the Interpretations on Certain Issues Regarding the Applicable of Law in the Handling of Criminal Case
           Involving Illegal Use of Information Networks and Assisting Committing Internet Crimes, which came into effect
           on November 1, 2019, and further clarifies the meaning of Internet service provider and the severe situations of
           the crimes.
150   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Internet Privacy
The PRC Constitution states that PRC law protects the freedom and privacy of communications of citizens and
prohibits infringement of these rights. In recent years, PRC government authorities have enacted legislation on
internet use to protect personal information from any unauthorized disclosure. The Decision on Strengthening
Network Information Protection provides that electronic information that identifies a citizen or involves privacy
of any citizen is protected by law and must not be unlawfully collected or provided to others. ICP operators
collecting or using personal electronic information of citizens must specify the purposes, manners and scopes
of information collection and uses, obtain consent of the relevant citizens, and keep the collected personal
information confidential. ICP operators are prohibited from disclosing, tampering with, damaging, selling or
illegally providing others with, collected personal information. ICP operators are required to take technical and
other measures to prevent the collected personal information from any unauthorized disclosure, damage or
loss. The Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services prohibit an ICP operator from insulting
or slandering a third party or infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of a third party. According to
the Provisions on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users, which was
promulgated by MIIT and became effective in September 2013, telecommunication business operators and ICP
operators are responsible for the security of the personal information of users they collect or use in the course of
their provision of services. Without obtaining the consent from the users, telecommunication business operators
and ICP operators may not collect or use the users’ personal information. The personal information collected
or used in the course of provision of services by the telecommunication business operators or ICP operators
must be kept in strict confidence, and may not be divulged, tampered with or damaged, and may not be sold or
illegally provided to others. The ICP operators are required to take certain measures to prevent any divulgence
of, damage to, tampering with or loss of users’ personal information. In accordance with the Cyber Security
Law, network operators are required to collect and use personal information in compliance with the principles
of legitimacy, properness and necessity, and strictly within the scope of authorization by the subject of personal
information unless otherwise prescribed by laws or regulations. In the event of any unauthorized disclosure,
damage or loss of collected personal information, network operators must take immediate remedial measures,
notify the affected users and report the incidents to the authorities in a timely manner. If any user knows that a
network operator illegally collects and uses his or her personal information in violation of laws, regulations or any
agreement with the user, or the collected and stored personal information is inaccurate or wrong, the user has
the right to request the network operator to delete or correct the collected personal information.


The telecommunications authorities are further authorized to order ICP operators to rectify unauthorized
disclosure. ICP operators are subject to legal liability, including warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains,
revocation of licenses or filings, closing of the websites, administrative punishment, criminal liabilities, or civil
liabilities, if they violate provisions on internet privacy. Pursuant to the Ninth Amendment to the Criminal Law
issued by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in August 2015 and becoming effective in
November 2015, the standards of crime of infringing citizens’ personal information were amended accordingly
and the criminal culpability of unlawful collection, transaction, and provision of personal information has been
reinforced. In addition, any ICP provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to information cybersecurity
administration as required by applicable laws and refuses to rectify upon orders, will be subject to criminal
liability for (i) dissemination of illegal information in large scale; (ii) severe effect due to the leakage of the client’s
information; (iii) serious loss of evidence of criminal activities; or (iv) other severe situations, and any individual


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025          151
      Part I (Continued)




           or entity that (x) sells or provides personal information to others unlawfully, or (y) steals or illegally obtains any
           personal information, will be subject to criminal liability in severe situations. In addition, the Interpretations of the
           Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the PRC on Several Issues Concerning the
           Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Infringing Personal Information, effective in June 2017, have
           clarified certain standards for the conviction and sentencing in relation to personal information infringement.
           The PRC government has the power and authority to order ICP operators to turn over personal information
           if an internet user posts any prohibited content or engages in illegal activities on the internet. The Civil Code
           further provides in a stand-alone chapter of right of personality and reiterate that the personal information of
           a natural person shall be protected by the law. Any organization or individual shall legitimately obtain such
           personal information of others in due course on a need-to-know basis and ensure the safety and privacy of such
           information, and refrain from excessively handling or using such information.


           With respect to the security of information collected and used by mobile apps, pursuant to the Announcement
           of Conducting Special Supervision against the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information by Apps, which
           was issued on January 23, 2019, app operators should collect and use personal information in compliance with
           the Cyber Security Law and should be responsible for the security of personal information obtained from users
           and take effective measures to strengthen the personal information protection. Furthermore, app operators
           should not force their users to make authorization by means of bundling, suspending installation or in other
           default forms and should not collect personal information in violation of laws, regulations or breach of user
           agreements. Such regulatory requirements were emphasized by the Notice on the Special Rectification of
           Apps Infringing upon User’s Personal Rights and Interests, which was issued by MIIT on October 31, 2019.
           On November 28, 2019, the CAC, the MIIT, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR jointly issued the
           Methods of Identifying Illegal Acts of Apps to Collect and Use Personal Information. This regulation further
           illustrates certain commonly-seen illegal practices of apps operators in terms of personal information protection,
           including “failure to publicize rules for collection and use,” “failure to expressly state the purpose, manner and
           scope of collecting and using personal information,” “collection and use of personal information without consent
           of users,” “collecting personal information irrelevant to the services provided by such app in violation of the
           principle of necessity,” “provision of personal information to others without consent,” “failure to provide the
           function of deleting or correcting personal information as required by laws” and “failure to publish information
           such as methods for complaints and reporting.” Among others, any of the following acts of an app operator
           will constitute “collection and use of personal information without consent of users”: (i) collecting an user’s
           personal information or activating the permission for collecting any user’s personal information without obtaining
           such user’s consent; (ii) collecting personal information or activating the permission for collecting the personal
           information of any user who explicitly refuses such collection, or repeatedly seeking for user’s consent such
           that the user’s normal use of such app is disturbed; (iii) any user’s personal information which has been actually
           collected by the app operator or the permission for collecting any user’s personal information activated by
           the app operator is beyond the scope of personal information which such user authorizes such app operator
           to collect; (iv) seeking for any user’s consent in a non-explicit manner; (v) modifying any user’s settings for
           activating the permission for collecting any personal information without such user’s consent; (vi) using users’
           personal information and any algorithms to directionally push any information, without providing the option of
           non-directed pushing such information; (vii) misleading users to permit collecting their personal information or
           activating the permission for collecting such users’ personal information by improper methods such as fraud and


152   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




deception; (viii) failing to provide users with the means and methods to withdraw their permission of collecting
personal information; and (ix) collecting and using personal information in violation of the rules for collecting and
using personal information promulgated by such app operator.


On August 22, 2019, the CAC promulgated the Provisions on the Internet Protection of Children’s Personal
Information, which took effect on October 1, 2019, requiring that before collecting, using, transferring or
disclosing the personal information of a child, the Internet service operator should inform the child’s guardians
in a noticeable and clear manner and obtain their consents. Meanwhile, internet service operators should take
measures like encryption when storing children’s personal information. On March 12, 2021, the CAC and three
other authorities jointly issued the Rules on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of
Mobile Internet Applications. The Rules specifies the scope of necessary personal information to be collected
each for a variety of common mobile internet applications, such as maps and navigation apps, online ride-hailing
apps, instant messaging apps, online community apps. Operators of such apps shall not refuse to provide basic
services to users on the ground of users’ refusal to provide their personal non-essential information.


In addition, on August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress adopted the
Personal Information Protection Law which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information
Protection Law requires, among others, that (i) the processing of personal information should have a clear and
reasonable purpose which should be directly related to the processing purpose, in a method that has the least
impact on personal rights and interests, and (ii) the collection of personal information should be limited to the
minimum scope necessary to achieve the processing purpose to avoid the excessive collection of personal
information. Different types of personal information and personal information processing will be subject to
various rules on consent, transfer, and security. Entities handling personal information shall bear responsibilities
for their personal information handling activities, and adopt necessary measures to safeguard the security of
the personal information they handle. The entities failing to comply could be ordered to correct, or suspend or
terminate the provision of services, and face confiscation of illegal income, fines or other penalties.


On February 12, 2025, the CAC issued the Administrative Measures for Personal Information Protection
Compliance Audit, which took effect on May 1, 2025. According to these administrative measures, any
personal information processor who processes personal information of more than 10 million individuals shall
carry out the personal information protection compliance audit at least once each two years. Any personal
information processor who processes personal information of more than 1 million individuals shall designate a
specific officer to be responsible for the compliance audit of its personal information protection. Any personal
information processor providing important internet platform services, with a large number of users and with the
complicated business types shall establish an independent institution mainly composed of external personnel
to supervise the personal information protection compliance audit. After completion of compliance audit, the
personal information processors shall submit the compliance audit report issued by the agency to the protection
authorities. Any personal information processor which violates these provisions shall be punished in accordance
with the Personal Information Protection Law, the Administrative Measures for Internet Data Security and other
relevant laws and regulations. If the violation constitutes a crime, such personal information processor shall be
prosecuted for criminal responsibility.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         153
      Part I (Continued)




           On November 22, 2025, the CAC and the Ministry of Public Security jointly released the Protection of
           Personal Information by Large-Scale Online Platforms (Draft for Comments), pursuant to which, the national
           cyberspace administration, together with the Ministry of Public Security and other relevant authorities, shall
           formulate and publish a catalogue of large-scale online platforms and update it dynamically. In determining
           large online platforms, the following factors shall be primarily considered: (i) registered users of 50 million or
           more, or monthly active users of 10 million or more; (ii) provision of important network services or business
           scope covering multiple types of business; (iii) data held and processed which, once leaked, tampered with,
           or damaged, shall have a significant impact on national security, economic operation, and national livelihood,
           among others; (iv) other circumstances as provided by the national cyberspace administration and the Ministry
           of Public Security. Such large-scale online platforms must appoint a management personnel member who is a
           Chinese national with no permanent residency abroad and over five years of relevant experience as Personal
           Information Protection Officer. And such large-scale online platforms shall conduct personal information
           protection compliance audits and risk assessments on their own or by engaging third-party professional
           institutions, and rectify issues identified.


           Regulations Relating to Artificial Intelligence
           Pursuant to the Internet Information Service Algorithmic Recommendation Management Provisions, which
           came into effect on March 1, 2022, algorithm recommendation service providers shall clearly inform users of
           their provision of algorithm recommendation services, and make public the basic principles, intentions and main
           operating mechanisms of the algorithm recommendation services. The algorithmic recommendation service
           providers shall not (i) carry out any illegal activity which may endanger national security and social public interest,
           disturb economic order and social order, or infringe third parties’ legal interest, or (ii) spread any information
           prohibited by laws or regulations. Algorithm recommendation service providers selling goods or providing
           services to consumers shall also protect consumers’ rights of fair trade, and are prohibited from carrying out
           illegal conduct such as unreasonable, differentiated treatment based on consumers’ preferences, purchase
           behavior or such other characteristics.


           On July 10, 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China and six other regulatory authorities in the Chinese
           mainland promulgated the Interim Measures for Generative Artificial Intelligence Services, which took effect
           on August 15, 2023. The measures impose compliance requirements for providers of generative artificial
           intelligence services to the general public within the Chinese mainland. The measures stipulate that providers
           of generative artificial intelligence services related to text, image, audio, video and other content to the general
           public within the Chinese mainland will be responsible as “producers of Internet information content” and
           “personal information processors,” with the responsibilities specified in the Personal Information Protection
           Law, the Data Security Law, the Internet Security Law, and other Chinese mainland laws and regulations related
           to cybersecurity and personal information protection. Providers of generative artificial intelligence services are
           required to enter into service agreements with their users and adopt effective measures to prevent minor users
           from over-relying upon or becoming addicted to generative artificial intelligence services. In addition, providers
           of generative artificial intelligence services that have the potential to influence public opinion or provoke social
           agitation are required to conduct security assessments and complete filings in accordance with the Internet
           Information Service Algorithmic Recommendation Management Provisions.




154   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety
The Product Quality Law applies to all production and sale activities in China. Pursuant to this law, products
offered for sale must satisfy the applicable quality and safety standards. Enterprises may not produce or
sell counterfeit products in any fashion, including forging brand labels or giving false information regarding a
product’s manufacturer. Violations of state or industrial standards for health and safety and any other related
violations may result in civil liabilities and administrative penalties, such as compensation for damages, fines,
suspension or shutdown of business, as well as confiscation of products illegally produced and sold and the
proceeds from such sales. Severe violations may subject the responsible individual or enterprise to criminal
liabilities. Where a defective product causes physical injury to a person or damage to another person’s property,
the victim may claim compensation from the manufacturer or from the seller of the product. If the seller pays
compensation and it is the manufacturer that should bear the liability, the seller has a right of recourse against
the manufacturer. Similarly, if the manufacturer pays compensation and it is the seller that should bear the
liability, the manufacturer has a right of recourse against the seller.


The Consumer Protection Law sets out the obligations of business operators and the rights and interests of the
consumers in China. Pursuant to this law, business operators must guarantee that the commodities they sell
satisfy the requirements for personal or property safety, provide consumers with authentic information about
the commodities, and guarantee the quality, function, usage and term of validity of the commodities. Failure to
comply with the Consumer Protection Law may subject business operators to civil liabilities such as refunding
purchase prices, replacement of commodities, repairing, ceasing damages, compensation, and restoring
reputation, and even subject the business operators or the responsible individuals to criminal penalties when
personal damages are involved or if the circumstances are severe. The Consumer Protection Law was further
amended in October 2013 and became effective in March 2014. The amended Consumer Protection Law further
strengthens the protection of consumers and impose more stringent requirements and obligations on business
operators, especially on the business operators through the internet. For example, the consumers are entitled
to return the goods (except for certain specific goods, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable
goods, digital products (e.g. audio-visual products, computer software downloaded online or unpacked by the
consumer), newspapers and periodicals delivered and other goods for which non-return of goods is confirmed by
the consumer at the time of purchase based on the characteristics of the goods,) within seven days upon receipt
without any reasons when they purchase the goods from business operators on the internet. The consumers
whose interests have been damaged due to their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online
marketplace platforms may claim damages from sellers or service providers. Where the providers of the online
marketplace platforms are unable to provide the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the sellers
or service providers, the consumers may also claim damages from the providers of the online marketplace
platforms. Providers of online marketplace platforms that know or should have known that sellers or service
providers use their platforms to infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take
necessary measures must bear joint and several liabilities with the sellers or service providers. Moreover, if
business operators deceive consumers or knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not
only compensate consumers for their losses, but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of
the goods or services. The Implementing Rules of the Consumer Protection Law, which became effective on
July 1, 2024, further specify the obligations stipulated in the PRC Consumer Protection Law, such as protecting
consumers’ personal and property safety, handling of defective products, prohibiting fraudulent advertising


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        155
      Part I (Continued)




           and unfair practices in standard terms, price transparency, quality guarantee, and protecting consumers’
           personal information. Furthermore, these rules provide requirements to address situations where business
           operators may abuse technology, platform rules or their dominant positions to infringe on consumer rights,
           such as prohibiting price discrimination, fraudulent advertising and excessively collecting consumers’ personal
           information. In addition, these rules require livestreaming marketing platform operators to establish and improve
           mechanisms for consumer rights protection. In particular, in the field of food safety, the PRC Food Safety Law,
           which took effective from June 1, 2009 and most recently amended and effective as of December 1, 2025,
           sets forth provisions governing the online food transactions and administration of providers of third-party online
           platforms for food transactions and online food business operators, including, without limitation, obligations
           requiring providers of third-party online platforms for food transactions to conduct real-name registration and
           review licenses for online food business operators on their platforms. To strengthen the supervision and
           administration of food safety of online catering services, the SAMR promulgated Measures for the Supervision
           and Administration of Food Safety of Online Catering Services on November 6, 2017, which became effective
           on January 1, 2018 and was last amended on October 23, 2020, to regulate the business activities of provider
           of a third-party online catering services platform and catering service providers who provide catering services
           through third-party platforms and self-developed websites.


           We are subject to the Product Quality Law and the Consumer Protection Law as an online supplier of
           commodities and a provider of online marketplace platform and believe that we are currently in compliance with
           these regulations in all material aspects.


           In addition, we are subject to PRC regulations relating to operation safety. According to the Work Safety
           Law, which was effective on November 1, 2002 and most recently amended on June 10, 2021, the principal
           person-in-charge of a production and operation entity shall be the primary person responsible for the work safety
           of such entity, and the production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform
           economy shall, based on the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and
           implement a responsibility system for work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and
           training on work safety for employees.


           Regulations Relating to Pricing
           In China, the prices of a very small number of products and services are guided or fixed by the government.
           According to the Pricing Law, business operators must, as required by the government departments in charge
           of pricing, mark the prices explicitly and indicate the name, origin of production, specifications, and other
           related particulars clearly. Business operators may not sell products at a premium or charge any fees that are
           not explicitly indicated. Business operators must not commit the specified unlawful pricing activities, such as
           colluding with others to manipulate the market price, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to
           transact, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators. Failure to comply with the Pricing
           Law may subject business operators to administrative sanctions such as warning, ceasing unlawful activities,
           compensation, confiscating illegal gains, fines. The business operators may be ordered to suspend business
           for rectification, or have their business licenses revoked if the circumstances are severe. We are subject to the
           Pricing Law as online retailer as well as business operator. We believe that our pricing activities are currently in
           compliance with the law in all material aspects.


156   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business
In May 2013, the MIIT issued the Circular regarding the Pilot Work on Implementation of Mobile
Telecommunications Resale Business and the Pilot Program on Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business,
pursuant to which private capital is encouraged to invest in the mobile telecommunications resale business.
The resale business refers to the business whereby a reseller purchases mobile telecommunications services
(excluding mobile satellite telecommunications service) from a basic telecommunications service provider who
owns a mobile network, repackages the services with its private brand and sells the services to end users.
Under the circular and the pilot program, the mobile telecommunications resale is categorized as a Class II basic
telecommunications business but managed by reference to the value-added telecommunications business. A
mobile communications reseller does not build its own wireless network, core network, transmission network
and other mobile telecommunications network infrastructures, but must build its customer service system and
may build its own business management platform, and billing, business accounting and other business supporting
systems as needed. The applicant for the mobile telecommunications resale business must be a private company
of which the private capital must account for no less than 50% of the capital and the capital contributed by its
largest shareholder must come from private capital. A mobile telecommunications reseller is required to enter
into a commercial contract for mobile telecommunications resale business with a basic telecommunications
service provider, specifying the resources for resale to mobile communications users, division of responsibilities
for service quality assurance between both parties, as well as protection of users’ rights and interests and user
information. Resellers may pre-charge service fees for up to two years from users on the condition that they
provide evidence of their measures to ensure long-term services, and must abide by the Telecommunications
Regulations, the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services and other PRC related laws and
regulations. In addition, the MIIT issued the Circular of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
on the Official Commercial Use of Mobile Communication Resale Business, pursuant to which the mobile
communication resale business will be transferred from the pilot to the formal commercial use, and the
enterprise that has already approved to be a pilot to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale business, and
intends to continue the business, the commercial contract shall be renewed in accordance with the provisions
of this circular and shall apply for renewal of its telecommunications business license. Jingdong 360 has been
approved to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale business, has renewed the telecommunications
business license, and has cooperated with China Telecom in 60 cities and with China Unicom in 105 cities.


Regulations Relating to Leasing
Pursuant to the Law on Administration of Urban Real Estate which took effect in January 1995 with the
latest amendment on August 26, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020, lessors and lessees are
required to enter into a written lease contract, containing such provisions as the term of the lease, the use of
the premises, rental price, liability for repair, and other rights and obligations of both parties. Both lessor and
lessee are also required to file for registration and record the lease contract with the real estate administration
department. Pursuant to implementing rules stipulated by certain provinces or cities, if the lessor and lessee fail
to go through the registration procedures, both lessor and lessee may be subject to fines.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        157
      Part I (Continued)




           According to the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021), the lessee may sublease the leased
           premises to a third party, subject to the consent of the lessor. Where the lessee subleases the premises, the
           lease contract between the lessee and the lessor remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the lease
           contract if the lessee subleases the premises without the consent of the lessor. In addition, if the ownership of
           the leased premises changes during the lessee’s possession in accordance with the terms of the lease contract,
           the validity of the lease contract shall not be affected.


           Pursuant to the PRC Civil Code, if the mortgaged property has been leased and transferred for occupation prior
           to the establishment of the mortgage right, the original tenancy shall not be affected by such mortgage right.
           According to the Interpretation of the Supreme People’s Court on Several Issues concerning the Application of
           Law in the Trial of Cases about Disputes Over Lease Contracts on Urban Buildings (2020 version), which took
           effect on January 1, 2021, if the ownership of the leased premises changes during the lessee’s possession in
           accordance with the terms of the lease contract, and the lessee requests the assignee to continue to perform
           the original lease contract, the PRC court shall support it, except that the mortgage right has been established
           before the lease of the leased premises and the ownership changes due to the mortgagee’s realization of the
           mortgage right.


           Regulations Relating to Advertising Business
           The SAMR is the government agency responsible for regulating advertising activities in the PRC. According
           to PRC laws and regulations, companies that engage in advertising activities must obtain a business license
           from the SAMR or its local branches which specifically includes operating an advertising business within its
           business scope. The business license of an advertising company is valid for the duration of its existence,
           unless the license is suspended or revoked due to a violation of any law or regulation. PRC advertising laws
           and regulations set forth certain content requirements for advertisements in the PRC including, among other
           things, prohibitions on false or misleading content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing content or content
           involving obscenities, superstition, violence, discrimination or infringement of the public interest. Advertisers,
           advertising agencies, and advertising distributors are required to ensure that the content of the advertisements
           they prepare or distribute is true and in full compliance with applicable law. In providing advertising services,
           advertising operators and advertising distributors must review the supporting documents provided by advertisers
           for advertisements and verify that the content of the advertisements complies with applicable PRC laws and
           regulations. Prior to distributing advertisements that are subject to government censorship and approval,
           advertising distributors are obligated to verify that such censorship has been performed and approval has been
           obtained. The release or delivery of advertisements through the internet must not impair the normal use of the
           network by users. The advertisements released in pop-up form on a webpage and other forms must show the
           close flag prominently and ensure one-click close. Violation of these regulations may result in penalties, including
           fines, confiscation of advertising income, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to
           eliminate the effect of illegal advertisement. In circumstances involving serious violations, the SAMR or its local
           branches may revoke the violators’ licenses or permits for their advertising business operations.




158   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In July 2016, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce issued the Interim Measures for the
Administration of Internet Advertising to regulate internet advertising activities. On February 25, 2023, the
SAMR released the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, which came into effect from May 1, 2023
and replaced Interim Measures for the Administration of Internet Advertising. The Administrative Measures for
Internet Advertising set out, among other things, the following requirements for Internet advertising activities:


•    online advertisements for tobacco (including e-cigarettes) are not allowed, and online advertisements for
     prescription medicine are not allowed unless otherwise permitted by laws and regulations;


•    online advertisements for special commodities and services such as medical treatments, pharmaceuticals,
     medical devices, agrochemicals, veterinary medicine, health foods and food for special medical purposes
     must be reviewed by competent authorities before online publication, and the advertisements for such
     commodities and services are not allowed to be published in the form of introducing health and wellness
     knowledge;


•    advertisements for medical treatments, pharmaceuticals, health foods, special medical purpose formula
     foods, medical devices, cosmetics, alcohol, beauty advertisements, and online game advertisements
     that are detrimental to the physical and mental health of minors shall not be published on Internet media
     targeted to minors;


•    Internet advertisements must be visibly marked as “advertisement” while paid-search results must be
     obviously distinguished from natural search results; and


•    if the Internet advertisements are published by means of algorithmic recommendation or other
     technologies, the rules related to algorithm recommendation services and advertising records shall be
     included in the advertising archives.


According to the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, the advertisers are responsible for the
authenticity of the content of internet advertisements, while the internet advertisement publishers and
advertisement agencies are required to establish, improve, and implement registration, review, and archive
management systems for internet advertising businesses, which include verifying and registering advertiser
information, verifying supporting documents and advertisements content, and allocating advertising review
personnel familiar with advertising laws and regulations or establish advertising review bodies.


In addition, the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising require internet platform operators providing
internet information services to take measures to prevent and stop illegal advertisements, which include
recording and storing the real identity information of users who publish advertisements for at least three
years, monitoring and investigating the content of advertisements, and employing measures to stop illegal
advertisements. Internet platform operators are also required to establish effective complaint and reporting
mechanisms, cooperate with market regulatory departments in investigating illegal conduct, and use measures
such as warnings, suspending or terminating services for users who publish illegal advertisements.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      159
      Part I (Continued)




           Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property Rights
           The PRC has adopted comprehensive legislation governing intellectual property rights, including copyrights,
           patents, trademarks and domain names.


           Copyright
           Copyright in the PRC is principally protected under the Copyright Law of the PRC and its implementation rules.
           Reproducing, distributing, performing, projecting, broadcasting or compiling a work or communicating the
           same to the public via an information network without permission from the owner of the copyright therein,
           unless otherwise provided in the Copyright Law of the PRC and related rules and regulations, shall constitute
           infringements of copyrights. The infringer shall, according to the circumstances of the case, undertake to cease
           the infringement, take remedial action, and offer an apology, pay damages, etc. In addition, the Regulations on
           the Protection of Rights to Information Network Communication promulgated by the State Council on May 18,
           2006 (as amended in 2013), provides specific rules on fair use, statutory license, and a safe harbor for use of
           copyrights and copyright management technology and specifies the liabilities of various entities for violations,
           including copyright holders, libraries and internet service providers.


           Patent
           The Patent Law provides for three types of patents, “invention,” “utility model” and “design.” Invention or
           utility models must meet three criteria to be patentable: novelty, inventiveness and practicability. The China
           National Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for examining and approving patent applications.
           As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 13,000 patents granted in China, over 1,100 patents granted
           outside China, approximately 24,200 patent applications pending in China and approximately 2,000 patent
           applications pending outside China.


           Trademark
           The Trademark Law and its implementation rules protect registered trademarks. The Trademark Office of China
           National Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for the registration and administration of trademarks
           throughout the PRC. The Trademark Law has adopted a “first-to-file” principle with respect to trademark
           registration. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 41,800 registered trademarks in different
           applicable trademark categories in different jurisdictions, approximately 44,400 trademark applications in China
           and over 9,500 outside China.


           Domain Name
           Domain names are protected under the Administrative Measures on the Internet Domain Names promulgated
           by the MIIT. The MIIT is the major regulatory body responsible for the administration of the PRC internet
           domain names, under supervision of which the CNNIC is responsible for the daily administration of .cn domain
           names and Chinese domain names. CNNIC adopts the “first to file” principle with respect to the registration of
           domain names. In November 2017, the MIIT promulgated the Notice of the Ministry of Industry and Information
           Technology on Regulating the Use of Domain Names in Providing Internet-based Information Services, which
           became effective on January 1, 2018. Pursuant to the notice, the domain name used by an internet-based
           information service provider in providing internet-based information services must be registered and owned




160   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




by such provider in accordance with the law. If the internet-based information service provider is an entity, the
domain name registrant must be the entity (or any of the entity’s shareholders), or the entity’s principal or senior
manager. We have registered jd.com, jdl.cn, jdh.com, jingdongindustrials.com and other domain names.


Regulations Relating to Employment
The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules provide requirements concerning employment contracts
between an employer and its employees. If an employer fails to enter into a written employment contract
with an employee within one year from the date on which the employment relationship is established, the
employer must rectify the situation by entering into a written employment contract with the employee and
pay the employee twice the employee’s salary for the period from the day following the lapse of one month
from the date of establishment of the employment relationship to the day prior to the execution of the written
employment contract. The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules also require compensation to
be paid upon certain terminations, which significantly affects the cost of reducing workforce for employers.
In addition, if an employer intends to enforce a non-compete provision with an employee in an employment
contract or non-competition agreement, it has to compensate the employee on a monthly basis during the
term of the restriction period after the termination or ending of the labor contract. Employers in most cases
are also required to provide a severance payment to their employees after their employment relationships are
terminated.


Enterprises in China are required by PRC laws and regulations to participate in certain employee benefit plans,
including social insurance funds, namely a pension plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance
plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a housing provident fund, and
contribute to the plans or funds in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and
allowances, of the employees as specified by the local government from time to time at locations where
they operate their businesses or where they are located. According to the Social Insurance Law, an employer
that fails to make social insurance contributions may be ordered to pay the required contributions within a
stipulated deadline and be subject to a late fee. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make social
insurance contributions within the stipulated deadline, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three
times the amount overdue. According to the Regulations on Management of Housing Fund, an enterprise that
fails to make housing fund contributions may be ordered to rectify the non-compliance and pay the required
contributions within a stipulated deadline; otherwise, an application may be made to a local court for compulsory
enforcement.


Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A
On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of Commerce and
the CSRC, jointly promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign
Investors, a new regulation with respect to the mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises by foreign
investors that became effective on September 8, 2006 and revised on June 22, 2009. Foreign investors shall
comply with the M&A rules when they purchase equity interests of a domestic company or subscribe for
the increased capital of a domestic company, and thus changing the nature of the domestic company into a
foreign-invested enterprise; or when the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        161
      Part I (Continued)




           for the purpose of purchasing the assets of a domestic company and operating the asset; or when the foreign
           investors purchase the asset of a domestic company, establish a foreign-invested enterprise by injecting such
           assets, and operate the assets.


           On July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities
           Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration
           over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed
           to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and
           incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies.


           On February 17, 2023, the CSRC, as approved by the State Council, released the Trial Measures. According
           to the Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly offer or list
           their securities in an overseas market, are required to file with the CSRC. Specifically, the securities under
           the Trial Measures refer to stocks, depositary receipts, convertible corporate bonds, exchangeable bonds and
           other equity-linked securities to be issued and offered in overseas markets by domestic companies directly or
           indirectly, while a direct offering and listing refers to the overseas offering and listing of a joint-stock company
           incorporated in the Chinese mainland, and an indirect offering and listing refers to the overseas offering and
           listing of a domestic company which conducts its business operations primarily in the Chinese mainland, in
           the name of an offshore company and based on the underlying equities, assets, earnings or similar interests
           of the domestic company. In particular, the determination of an indirect offering and listing will be conducted
           on a “substance over form” basis, and an offering and listing should be considered as an indirect overseas
           offering and listing by a domestic company if the issuer meets both of the following conditions: (i) any of the
           revenue, profits, total assets or net assets of such domestic company in the most recent financial year account
           for more than 50% of the corresponding data in the issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for
           the same period; and (ii) the majority of its business operations are conducted in the Chinese mainland or its
           principal place of business is located in the Chinese mainland, or the majority of senior management in charge
           of business operations are Chinese citizens or have domicile in the Chinese mainland. According to the Trial
           Measures, an overseas offering and listing is prohibited under any of the following circumstances: (i) if the
           intended securities offering and listing is specifically prohibited by the laws, administrative regulations and
           provisions; (ii) if the intended securities offering and listing may constitute a threat to or endangers national
           security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council in accordance with law;
           (iii) the domestic companies or their controlling shareholders or actual controllers have committed corruption,
           bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property, or other criminal offenses disruptive to the order of the
           socialist market economy in the past three years; (iv) the domestic companies are currently under investigations
           in connection with suspicion of having committed criminal offenses or material violations of applicable laws
           and regulations, and there is still no explicit conclusion; (v) there are material ownership disputes over the
           shareholdings held by the controlling shareholder or the shareholder under the control of the controlling
           shareholder or the actual controllers. According to the Trial Measures, the issuer or its affiliated domestic
           company, as the case may be, is required to file with the CSRC (i) with respect to its initial public offering
           and listing and its subsequent securities offering in an overseas market different from the market where it
           has listed, within three business days after its submission of listing application documents to the regulator in




162   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




the place of intended listing, (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering in the same overseas market where it
has listed (including issuance of any corporate convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other equity-linked
securities, but excluding the offering for employees incentive, dividend distribution by shares and share split),
within three business days after completion of such follow-on offering, (iii) with respect to listing by means of
single or multiple acquisitions, share swap, transfers of shares and similar transactions, within three business
days after its initial filing of the listing application or the first public announcement of the transaction, as case
may be. Failure to comply with the filing requirements may result in an order of rectification, a warning and fines
up to RMB10 million to the non-compliant domestic companies, and the directly responsible persons of the
companies will be warned and fined between RMB500,000 and RMB5 million. Furthermore, if the controlling
shareholder and the actual controller of the non-compliant companies organizes or instigates the breach, they
will be fined between RMB1 million and RMB10 million. In addition to above filing requirements, the Filings
Rules also requires an issuer to report to the CSRC within three business days after occurrence of any the
following events: (i) its change of control; (ii) its being subject to investigation or sanctions by any overseas
securities regulators or overseas authorities; (iii) its change of listing status or listing segment; (iv) voluntary or
mandatory delisting; and (v) material change of its principal business operations to the extent that it ceases to be
subject to the filing requirements of the Trial Measures.


Regulations Relating to Anti-Monopoly
The currently effective Anti-Monopoly Law was promulgated by Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress in 2007 and most recently amended on June 24, 2022. Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the
operators of a concentration of undertakings which reaches the standard for declaration shall make an advance
declaration to the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement authority under the State Council. The fines for illegal
concentration of business operators shall be “no more than ten percent of its preceding year’s sales revenue if
the concentration of business operator has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine
of up to RMB5 million if the concentration of business operator does not have an effect of excluding or limiting
competition.” Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the authority may require the operators to make a declaration
where there is evidence that the concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting
competition, even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold.


On February 7, 2021, the Anti-Monopoly Committee of the State Council promulgated the Anti-Monopoly
Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector which stipulates that any concentration of undertakings
involving variable interest entities shall fall within the scope of anti-monopoly review. Furthermore, the
Guidelines to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Internet Platforms prohibit certain monopolistic acts of internet
platforms so as to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users and undertakings participating
in internet platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms with dominant position from
abusing their market dominance (such as discriminating customers in terms of pricing and other transactional
conditions using big data and analytics, coercing counterparties into exclusivity arrangements, using technology
means to block competitors’ interface, favorable positioning in search results of goods displays, using bundle
services to sell services or products, compulsory collection of unnecessary user data).




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         163
      Part I (Continued)




           Pursuant to the Anti-Unfair Competition Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
           People’s Congress on September 2, 1993, which was last amended on June 27, 2025 and became effective
           on October 15, 2025, operators are prohibited from engaging in unfair competition activities such as market
           confusion, commercial bribery, misleading false publicity, infringement on trade secrets, price dumping, and
           illegitimate premium sales. Any operator in violation of the Anti-Unfair Competition Law may be ordered to cease
           illegal activities, eliminate the adverse effect thereof or compensate for the damages caused to any other party.
           The competent authorities may also confiscate any illegal gains or impose fines on these operators.


           In May 2024, the SAMR issued the Interim Measures on Online Anti-unfair Competition, which came into
           effect on September 1, 2024. These measures have improved the standards and regulatory requirements for
           various types of unfair online competition behaviors, including the new manifestations of traditional unfair
           competition behaviors such as counterfeiting, confusion and false advertising, and the new types of unfair
           competition behaviors conducted through technological means such as reverse bidding manipulation and illegal
           data acquisition. Regarding platform operators, the measures highlight the platform operators’ responsibilities
           and require platforms operators to strengthen the management of competition behavior within the platform.
           Necessary measures should be taken to deal with unfair competition behavior within the platform, relevant
           records should be kept, and timely reports should be made to the market supervision authorities. In addition,
           these Measures prohibit platforms from abusing their competitive advantages to obstruct the normal
           operation of network products or services of other operators, using service agreements or transaction rules to
           unreasonably restrict the transactions of operators within the platform, or charging unreasonable service fees to
           operators within the platform. If a platform operator fails to comply with the requirements of the measures, it
           may be subject to administrative penalties including rectification orders, fines and orders to suspend operations.


           Regulations Relating to PRC Value Added Tax
           Pursuant to the Value-added Tax of the PRC promulgated by Standing Committee of the National People’s
           Congress on December 25, 2024 and became effective from January 1, 2026, which repealed the Provisional
           Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on Value-added Tax, promulgated on December 13, 1993
           and last amended on November 19, 2017, along with the issuance of the Implementation Regulations for
           the Value-added Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China on December 25, 2025, and effective from
           January 1, 2026, all enterprises and individuals engaged in the sale of goods, the provision of processing, repair
           and replacement services, sales of services, intangible assets, real property, and the importation of goods within
           the territory of the PRC are subject to Value-added Tax.


           On March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly issued the Circular on
           the Pilot Program for Overall Implementation of the Collection of Value Added Tax Instead of Business Tax, which
           took effect on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to this circular, all of the companies operating in construction, real estate,
           finance, modern service or other sectors which were required to pay business tax are required to pay VAT, in lieu
           of business tax. The VAT rate is 6%, except for rate of 11% for real estate sale, land use right transferring and
           providing service of transportation, postal sector, basic telecommunications, construction, real estate lease; rate
           of 17% for providing lease service of tangible property; and rate of zero for specific cross-bond activities.




164   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On April 4, 2018, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly promulgated the Circular
of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration on Adjustment of Value-Added Tax Rates,
according to which, (i) for VAT taxable sales or importation of goods originally subject to value-added tax rates
of 17% and 11% respectively, such tax rates shall be adjusted to 16% and 10%, respectively; (ii) for purchase
of agricultural products originally subject to deduction rate of 11%, such deduction rate shall be adjusted to
10%; (iii) for purchase of agricultural products for the purpose of production and sales or consigned processing
of goods subject to tax rate of 16%, the input VAT will be calculated at a 12% deduction rate; (iv) for exported
goods originally subject to tax rate of 17% and export tax refund rate of 17%, the export tax refund rate shall
be adjusted to 16%; and (v) for exported goods and cross-border taxable acts originally subject to tax rate
of 11% and export tax refund rate of 11%, the export tax refund rate shall be adjusted to 10%. This circular
became effective on May 1, 2018 and shall supersede any previously existing provisions in the case of any
inconsistency.


Further, on March 20, 2019, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration and the General
Administration of Customs jointly issued the Announcement on Policies for Deepening the VAT Reform, to
further slash value-added tax rates. According to this announcement, (i) for general VAT payers’ sales activities
or imports that are subject to VAT at an existing applicable rate of 16% or 10%, the applicable VAT rate is
adjusted to 13% or 9% respectively; (ii) for the agricultural products purchased by taxpayers to which an
existing 10% deduction rate is applicable, the deduction rate is adjusted to 9%; (iii) for the agricultural products
purchased by taxpayers for production or commissioned processing, which are subject to VAT at 13%, the input
VAT will be calculated at a 10% deduction rate; (iv) for the exportation of goods or labor services that are subject
to VAT at 16%, with the applicable export refund at the same rate, the export refund rate is adjusted to 13%;
(v) for the exportation of goods or cross-border taxable activities that are subject to VAT at 10%, with the export
refund at the same rate, the export refund rate is adjusted to 9%; and (vi) for taxpayers providing production and
living services, the deductible input VAT amount for the current period shall be added additional 10% based on
the actual input VAT amount. This announcement came into effect on April 1, 2019 and shall be prevail in case
of any conflict with existing provisions.


Regulations Relating to Dividend Withholding Tax
Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set
up an organization or establishment in the PRC, or has set up an organization or establishment but the income
derived has no actual connection with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding
tax on its PRC-sourced income at a rate of 10%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between the Chinese mainland
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on
Income, the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong
enterprise is reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10% if the Hong Kong enterprise directly holds at least 25%
of the PRC enterprise. Pursuant to the Notice of the State Taxation Administration on the Issues concerning
the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements, if the PRC tax authorities determine, in their
discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that
is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. Furthermore, the
Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Taxpayer to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties, which became
effective in November 2015, require that non-resident enterprises which satisfy the criteria for entitlement to tax


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        165
      Part I (Continued)




           treaty benefits may, at the time of tax declaration or withholding declaration through a withholding agent, enjoy
           the tax treaty benefits, and be subject to ongoing administration by the tax authorities. In the case where the
           non-resident enterprises do not apply to the withholding agent to claim the tax treaty benefits, or the materials
           and the information stated in the reports and statements provided to the withholding agent do not satisfy
           the criteria for entitlement to tax treaty benefits, the withholding agent should withhold tax pursuant to the
           provisions of the PRC tax laws. The State Taxation Administration issued the Announcement of State Taxation
           Administration on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures on Non-resident Taxpayers Enjoying Treaty
           Benefits, or STA Circular 35, on October 14, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020. STA Circular
           35 further simplified the procedures for enjoying treaty benefits and replaced the Administrative Measures for
           Non-Resident Taxpayer to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties. According to STA Circular 35, no approvals
           from the tax authorities are required for a non-resident taxpayer to enjoy treaty benefits, where a nonresident
           taxpayer self-assesses and concludes that it satisfies the criteria for claiming treaty benefits, it may enjoy treaty
           benefits at the time of tax declaration or at the time of withholding through the withholding agent, but it shall
           gather and retain the materials as required for future inspection, and accept follow-up administration by the tax
           authorities. There are also other conditions for enjoying the reduced withholding tax rate according to other
           tax rules and regulations. According to the Circular on Several Issues regarding the “Beneficial Owner” in Tax
           Treaties, or Circular 9, which was issued on February 3, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration, effective as
           of April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant’s status of the “beneficial owner” regarding tax treatments in
           connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax treaties, several factors, including without limitation,
           whether the applicant is obligated to pay more than 50% of its income in twelve months to residents in third
           country or region, whether the business operated by the applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and
           whether the counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does not levy any tax or grant tax exemption on
           the incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate, will be taken into account, and it will be analyzed according
           to the actual circumstances of the specific cases. This circular further provides that applicants who intend to
           prove his or her status of the “beneficial owner” shall submit the documents to the tax bureau according to the
           Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties. Accordingly,
           JD.com International Limited may be able to enjoy the 5% withholding tax rate for the dividends it received
           from Jingdong Century, if it satisfies the conditions prescribed under Notice of the State Taxation Administration
           on the Issues concerning the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements and other tax rules and
           regulations, and obtains the approvals as required. However, if the tax authorities consider the transactions or
           arrangements we have are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the tax authorities may
           adjust the favorable withholding tax in the future.


           Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange
           The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration
           Regulations, most recently amended in August 2008. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of
           current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
           can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural
           requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required
           where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as
           the repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans.




166   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




In August 2008, SAFE issued the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of
the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises,
or SAFE Circular 142, regulating the conversion by a foreign-invested enterprise of foreign currency-registered
capital into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used. SAFE Circular 142 provides that the
RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise may only
be used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable government authority and may not
be used for equity investments within the PRC. SAFE also strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the
RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises. The use of such
RMB capital may not be changed without SAFE’s approval, and such RMB capital may not in any case be used
to repay RMB loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been used. In March 2015, SAFE issued the Circular
on Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Capital of Foreign-invested
Enterprise, which took effect and replaced SAFE Circular 142 from June 1, 2015. According to Circular 19,
the foreign exchange capital of foreign-invested enterprises shall be subject to the Discretionary Foreign
Exchange Settlement, which means that the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested
enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been confirmed by the local foreign
exchange bureau (or the book-entry registration of monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at
the banks based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise, and if a foreign-invested
enterprise needs to make further payment from such account, it still needs to provide supporting documents
and proceed with the review process with the banks. Furthermore, Circular 19 stipulates that the use of capital
by foreign-invested enterprises shall follow the principles of authenticity and self-use within the business
scope of enterprises. The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and capital in Renminbi obtained by the
foreign-invested enterprise from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used for the following purposes:
(i) directly or indirectly used for payments beyond the business scope of the enterprises or payments as
prohibited by the laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise
provided by the laws and regulations; (iii) directly or indirectly used for granting entrust loans in Renminbi
(unless permitted by the scope of business), repaying inter-enterprise borrowings (including advances by the
third-party) or repaying the bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to third parties; or (iv) directly or
indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-
invested real estate enterprises). In November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving and
Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment which substantially amends
and simplifies the current foreign exchange procedure. Pursuant to this circular, the opening of various special
purpose foreign exchange accounts (e.g. pre-establishment expenses account, foreign exchange capital account,
guarantee account), the reinvestment of lawful incomes derived by foreign investors in the PRC (e.g. profit,
proceeds of equity transfer, capital reduction, liquidation and early repatriation of investment), and purchase and
remittance of foreign exchange as a result of capital reduction, liquidation, early repatriation or share transfer in
a foreign-invested enterprise no longer require SAFE approval, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity
may be opened in different provinces, which was not possible before. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular
on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration over Domestic Direct Investment
by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents in May 2013, which specifies that the administration by
SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way
of registration and banks shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC
based on the registration information provided by SAFE and its branches.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         167
      Part I (Continued)




           In February 2015, SAFE promulgated The Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
           Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment, which took effect on June 1, 2015 and was amended
           on December 30, 2019, cancels the administrative approvals of foreign exchange registration of direct
           domestic investment and direct overseas investment and simplifies the procedure of foreign exchange-related
           registration. Pursuant to this Circular, investors should register with banks for direct domestic investment and
           direct overseas investment.


           The Circular on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital
           Account, was promulgated by SAFE on June 9, 2016 and was amended on December 4, 2023. Pursuant to
           this Circular, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to
           Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. This Circular reiterates the principle that Renminbi converted from foreign
           currency-denominated capital of a company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its
           business scope or prohibited by PRC Laws, while such converted Renminbi shall not be provided as loans to its
           non-affiliated entities.


           In October 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Notice for Further Advancing the Facilitation of Cross-border Trade
           and Investment (amended on December 4, 2023), which, among other things, allows all FIEs to use Renminbi
           converted from foreign currency denominated capital for equity investments in the Chinese mainland, as long
           as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies with the negative list on
           foreign investment. The Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the
           Stabilization of Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment jointly promulgated by the People’s Bank of China, the
           NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
           the State Council, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020
           and effective on February 4, 2021 allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic
           reinvestment with RMB capital in accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing
           regulations and the invested projects in the Chinese mainland are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a
           foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the
           invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit account for RMB capital.


           According to the Circular of the State Administration for Foreign Exchange on Optimizing Foreign Exchange
           Administration to Support the Development of Foreign-related Business, promulgated and effective on
           April 10, 2020 by the SAFE, the reform of facilitating the payments of incomes under the capital accounts shall
           be promoted nationwide. Under the prerequisite of ensuring true and compliant use of funds and compliance
           and complying with the prevailing administrative provisions on use of income from capital projects, enterprises
           which satisfy the criteria are allowed to use income under the capital account, such as capital funds, foreign
           debt and overseas listing, etc., for domestic payment, without the need to provide proof materials for veracity to
           the bank beforehand for each transaction.




168   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




C.      Organizational Structure
        The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the
        consolidated variable interest entities as of February 28, 2026:

                                                                                 JD.com, Inc.
                                                                            (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                           100%
                          Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                     (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                     100%

                                100%                          63%                                                                    100%                    100%                      100%                  100%
                                                                                Jingdong
                                                                              E-Commerce                                                              JD.com                   JD Jiankang           JD Industrial
                             JD Property                                                                                        JD.com
                                                    JD Logistics, Inc.     (Trade) Hong Kong                                                        Investment                   Limited              Technology
                           Holding Limited                                                                                   International
                                                    (Cayman Islands)             Co., Ltd.                                                            Limited(5)                  (British               Limited
                           (Cayman Islands)                                                                                     Limited
                                                                              (Hong Kong)                                                          (British Virgin                 Virgin            (British Virgin
                                                                                                                             (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                      Islands)                   Islands)               Islands)


       100%                      75%                   100%                                                                                                   100%                     67%                   71%

                                                      JD Logistics
        JD Assets             JINGDONG                                                                                                               JD Sunflower                JD Health
                    (1)                              Holding Limited                                                                                                                                  JINGDONG
     Holding Limited         Property, Inc.                                                                                                           Investment               International
                                                      (Hong Kong)                                                                                                                                     Industrials,
     (Cayman Islands)      (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                             Limited                      Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                     (British Virgin             (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Islands)
                                                                                                                                                        Islands)                  Islands)
                                100%
                                   JD Asia
                                Development
                                  Limited(2)
                                (British Virgin
                                   Islands)                                                                                                                                                               Offshore

              100%                                     100%                   100%                                                                                                                        Onshore
                                                                                                                 100%                100%
                                                    Jiangsu Xinchuan           Shanghai                   Jiangsu Huiji           Beijing Jingdong
          Jingdong Logistics                          Hailian Supply         Shengdayuan                      Space                Century Trade                        Beijing Jingdong 360
             Supply Chain                          Chain Management           Information                 Technology                   Co., Ltd.                        Degree E-Commerce
               Co., Ltd.                           Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu        Technology                     Co., Ltd.              (“Jingdong                       Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                   Xinchuan Hailian”)           Co., Ltd.                   (”Jiangsu               Century”)(4)
                                                                              (”Shanghai                      Huiji”)
                                                                            Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                      100%
                                                                                                                                     100%
                                                     Xi’an Jingdong             Suqian
                                                  Xincheng Information         Hanbang                                          • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                   Technology Co., Ltd.       Investment                  Suqian Hanyu            Information
                                                     (”Xi’an Jingdong        Management                    Technology             Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                       Xincheng”)(3)            Co., Ltd.                   Co., Ltd.           • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                       (“Suqian Hanyu”)(3)        Shangke Information
                                                       100%
                                                                                                                                  Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Jiangsu
                                                    Beijing Jingbangda                                                          • Chongqing Jingdong
                                                                               Jingdong                          100%
                                                      Trade Co., Ltd.                                                             Haijia E-Commerce
                                                                               Bangneng
                                                  (”Beijing Jingbangda”)                                                          Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Investment
                                                                             Management                   Suqian Juhe           • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                Co., Ltd.               Digital Enterprise        Information Technology
                                                                               (“Jiangsu              Management Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Jingdong
                                                                             Bangneng”)(3)


                                                                               Jiangsu
                                                                              Yuanzhou
                                                                             E-Commerce
                                                                               Co., Ltd.
                                                                              (“Jiangsu
              Equity interest                                                Yuanzhou”)(3)

              Contractual arrangements




        Notes:

        (1)          JD Assets Holding Limited has 81 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.

        (2)          JD Asia Development Limited has 530 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.

        (3)          Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, and Suqian Hanyu are the significant
                     consolidated variable interest entities with which we have contractual arrangements. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an
                     Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by
                     Ms. Pang Zhang. Suqian Hanyu is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Tingting Sui and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang.
                     Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li was a senior vice president of our company, Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief
                     human resources officer, and Ms. Tingting Sui is a vice president of our company. We are in the process of replacing Ms. Li with Ms. Sui
                     as the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities.

        (4)          Jingdong Century has 457 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.

        (5)          JD.com Investment Limited has 136 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.

        *            The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


                                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025      169
      Part I (Continued)




           The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
           Under current PRC laws and regulations, foreign ownership of certain of our businesses is subject to
           restrictions, such as value-added telecommunication services and domestic document delivery services. For
           example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added
           telecommunication service provider (excluding e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, data
           collection and transmission services and call centers), except for certain limited pilot regions under a pilot
           program.


           JD.com, Inc. is a Cayman Islands exempted company and its PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-invested
           enterprises. Accordingly, our PRC subsidiaries may not be eligible to provide certain restricted services related
           to our businesses. As a result, we conduct or will conduct such business activities through the consolidated
           variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng and its subsidiary Beijing Jingbangda, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, and Suqian Hanyu. Jingdong
           360 holds our ICP license as an internet information provider and primarily engages in our online marketplace
           business. Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng primarily provides courier services through Beijing Jingbangda and its
           subsidiaries. Jiangsu Yuanzhou primarily engages in the business of selling books, audio and video products.
           Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng primarily engages in business of investment management. Suqian Hanyu primarily
           provide technology services.


           Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45%
           owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Suqian Hanyu is
           45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Tingting Sui, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Mr. Qin
           Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li was a senior vice president of our company, Ms. Pang
           Zhang is our chief human resources officer and Ms. Tingting Sui is a vice president of our company. Mr. Miao,
           Ms. Li, Ms. Zhang and Ms. Sui are PRC citizens.


           We obtained control over Jingdong 360 through Jingdong Century in April 2007 by entering into a series of
           contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, which we refer to as
           the Jingdong 360 Agreements. The Jingdong 360 Agreements were subsequently amended and restated.
           In September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Jingdong 360, a new set of contractual arrangements
           were entered into among Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360. We have been
           the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360 since April 2007. We treat Jingdong 360 as the variable interest entity
           and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


           Similarly, we obtained control over our other significant consolidated variable interest entities, including Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Hanyu through contractual
           arrangements with their shareholders. We treat each of these entities as the variable interest entity and have
           consolidated their financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


           In addition to the significant consolidated variable interest entities above, we assisted in establishing additional
           consolidated variable interest entities, such as Suqian Jingdong Tianning. We have entered into a series of
           contractual arrangements with each of these variable interest entities and their respective shareholders.


170   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




The contractual arrangements relating to the consolidated variable interest entities allow us to:


•    receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the consolidated variable interest entities; and


•    have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the consolidated variable interest
     entities when and to the extent permitted by PRC law.

There are certain risks involved in our corporate structure and the contractual arrangements. A detailed discussion
of material risks relating to our Contractual Arrangements is set forth in the section headed “Key Information —
Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.” We have determined that the costs of insurance
for the risks associated with our corporate structure and the difficulties associated with acquiring such
insurance on commercially reasonable terms make it impractical for us to have such insurance. Accordingly,
as of December 31, 2025, we did not purchase any insurance to cover the risks relating to the contractual
arrangements.


We have consolidated the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in
our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The external revenues of the consolidated
variable interest entities and their subsidiaries collectively contributed 7.8%, 8.7% and 6.8% of our consolidated
total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel:


•    the ownership structures of the consolidated variable interest entities and the PRC subsidiaries that have
     entered into contractual arrangements with the variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, will
     not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect; and


•    the contractual arrangements among the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable
     interest entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, legally binding and
     enforceable, and will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.

However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules. Accordingly, the PRC regulatory
authorities may in the future take a view that is different from the above opinion of our PRC legal counsel. We have
been further advised by our PRC counsel that if the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish the
structure for operating our online retail and marketplace business do not comply with PRC government restrictions
on foreign investment in e-commerce and related businesses, including online retail and marketplace businesses,
we could be subject to severe penalties including being prohibited from continuing operations. See “Key
Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines that
the contractual arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply
with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future,
we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.”




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         171
      Part I (Continued)




           Contractual Arrangements with the Significant Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
           The Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu
           Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Hanyu Agreements are substantially similar in key aspects
           governing the contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity. The following is a summary of these
           agreements currently in effect.


           Agreements that Provide Us with Control
           Equity Pledge Agreements
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360
           entered into an equity pledge agreement, pursuant to which each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 has
           pledged all of his equity interest in Jingdong 360 to guarantee their and Jingdong 360’s performance of
           his obligations under, where applicable, the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
           agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and power of attorney. If Jingdong 360 or the shareholders
           of Jingdong 360 breach their contractual obligations under these agreements, Jingdong Century, as pledgee,
           will have the right to dispose of the pledged equity interests. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that,
           during the term of the equity pledge agreements, they will not dispose of the pledged equity interests or
           create or allow any encumbrance on the pledged equity interests, and they also agree that Jingdong Century’s
           rights relating to the equity pledge should not be prejudiced by the legal actions of the shareholders, their
           successors or their designates. During the term of the equity pledge agreements, Jingdong Century has the
           right to receive all of the dividends and profits distributed on the pledged equity. The equity pledge agreements
           will terminate on the second anniversary of the date when Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360
           have completed all their obligations under the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
           agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and powers of attorney.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and each of the shareholders of Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended
           and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and each of the shareholders of
           Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar
           to the amended and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On March 20, 2026, Jiangsu Huiji, Suqian Hanyu and each of the shareholders of Suqian Hanyu entered into an
           equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended and restated equity pledge
           agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng entered into a share pledge agreement, pursuant to which the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng will pledge as first charge all of their respective equity interests in Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng to Xi’an
           Jingxundi as collateral security for any or all of their payments due to Xi’an Jingxundi and to secure performance
           of their obligations under the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive option agreement, the
           loan agreement, the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreement and the powers of attorney.


172   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We have completed the registration of the equity pledge for substantially all the consolidated variable interest
entities with the relevant office of the administration for market regulation.


Powers of Attorney
On September 16, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 granted an irrevocable power of attorney
to replace the irrevocable powers of attorney previously executed. Pursuant to the irrevocable power of
attorney, each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 appointed Jingdong Century’s designated person as his
attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder rights, including voting on their behalf on all matters of Jingdong 360
requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the shareholder’s equity interest in Jingdong 360,
and electing, appointing or removing directors and executive officers. The person designated by Jingdong
Century is entitled to dispose of dividends and profits on the equity interest subject to the instructions of the
shareholder. Each power of attorney will remain in force for so long as the shareholder remains a shareholder
of Jingdong 360. Each shareholder has waived all the rights which have been authorized to Jingdong Century’s
designated person under each power of attorney.


On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou granted an irrevocable power of
attorney to Shanghai Shengdayuan. The powers of attorney contain terms substantially similar to the powers of
attorney granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng granted an irrevocable power
of attorney to Shanghai Shengdayuan, which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney
granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.


On March 20, 2026, each of the shareholders of Suqian Hanyu granted an irrevocable power of attorney to
Jiangsu Huiji, which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney granted by the shareholders
of Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng entered into a shareholder’s rights entrustment agreement, and each of the shareholders of
Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng executed the irrevocable power of attorney on the same date, pursuant to which
the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng appointed Xi’an Jingxundi or a director of its offshore holding
company or his or her successor (including a liquidator replacing Xi’an Jingxundi’s director) as their exclusive
agent and attorney to act on their behalf on all matters concerning Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and to exercise
all of its rights as a registered shareholder of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng. As a result of the shareholders’
rights entrustment agreement and the powers of attorney, we, through Xi’an Jingxundi, are able to exercise
management control over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of
Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        173
      Part I (Continued)




           Agreements that Allow Us to Receive Economic Benefits
           Exclusive Technology Consulting and Service Agreement/Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century and Jingdong 360 entered into an exclusive technology consulting
           and services agreement, which supersedes the version entered into in June 2016. Pursuant to the 2022
           agreement, Jingdong Century has the sole and exclusive right to provide specified technology consulting and
           services to Jingdong 360. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may not accept
           the same or similar technology consulting and services provided by any third party during the term of the
           agreement. All the benefits and interests generated from the agreement, including intellectual property rights,
           know-how and trade secrets, will be Jingdong Century’s sole and exclusive rights. Jingdong 360 agrees to pay
           service fees to Jingdong Century on a quarterly basis and the amount of the service fee is decided by Jingdong
           Century on the basis of the work performed and commercial value of the services, subject to annual evaluation
           and adjustment. The agreement is valid for ten years and may be extended unilaterally by Jingdong Century
           with Jingdong Century’s written confirmation prior to the expiration date. Jingdong 360 cannot terminate the
           agreement early unless Jingdong Century commits fraud, gross negligence or illegal acts, or becomes bankrupt
           or winds up.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Yuanzhou entered into an exclusive technology
           consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive technology
           consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive
           technology consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive
           technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.

           On March 20, 2026, Jiangsu Huiji and Suqian Hanyu entered into an exclusive technology consulting and
           services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive technology consulting and
           services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.

           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi and Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng entered into an exclusive business
           cooperation agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng agrees to engage Xi’an Jingxundi as its
           exclusive provider of business support, technical and consulting services in exchange for service fees. Under
           these arrangements, the service fees, subject to Xi’an Jingxundi’s adjustment, are equal to all of the net profit
           of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and its subsidiaries. Xi’an Jingxundi enjoys all the economic benefits derived from
           the businesses of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and bears the relevant portion of the business risks of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng. If Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng runs into financial deficit or suffers severe operation difficulties,
           Xi’an Jingxundi will provide financial support to Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.

           Business Operations Agreement
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century entered into a business operations agreement with Jingdong 360
           and its shareholders. Pursuant to the business operations agreement, Jingdong 360’s shareholders must appoint
           the candidates nominated by Jingdong Century to be the directors on its board of directors in accordance with
           applicable laws and the articles of association of Jingdong 360, and must cause the persons recommended by



174   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




Jingdong Century to be appointed as its general manager, chief financial officer and other senior executives.
Jingdong 360 and its shareholders also agree to accept and strictly follow the guidance provided by Jingdong
Century from time to time relating to employment, termination of employment, daily operations and financial
management. Moreover, Jingdong 360 and its shareholders agree that Jingdong 360 will not engage in any
transactions that could materially affect its assets, business, personnel, liabilities, rights or operations, including
the incurrence of debt from any third party and the amendment of Jingdong 360’s articles of association, without
the prior consent of Jingdong Century’s respective designees. Unless otherwise terminated early by Jingdong
Century, the agreement will remain effective until Jingdong 360 is dissolved according to the PRC law.

On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
Yuanzhou and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Yuanzhou contains terms
substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described
above.

On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
Jingdong Bangneng and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng
contains terms substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong
360 described above.

On March 20, 2026, Jiangsu Huiji entered into a business operations agreement with Suqian Hanyu and its
shareholders. The business operations agreement with Suqian Hanyu contains terms substantially similar to the
amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described above.

Agreements that Provide Us with the Option to Purchase the Equity Interest
Exclusive Purchase Option Agreements
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360 entered
into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous exclusive
purchase option agreements. Pursuant to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement,
the shareholders of Jingdong 360 irrevocably grant Jingdong Century an exclusive option to purchase or have
its designated persons to purchase at its discretion, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of their
equity interests in Jingdong 360. In addition, the purchase price should equal the amount that the shareholders
contributed to Jingdong 360 as registered capital for the equity interest to be purchased, or be the lowest price
permitted by applicable PRC law. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may
not amend its articles of associate, increase or decrease the registered capital, sell or otherwise dispose of its
assets or beneficial interest, create or allow any encumbrance on its assets or other beneficial interests, provide
any loans for any third parties, enter into any material contract (except those contracts entered into in the
ordinary course of business), merge with or acquire any other persons or make any investments, or distribute
dividends to the shareholders. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that, without the prior written consent
of Jingdong Century, they will not dispose of their equity interests in Jingdong 360 or create or allow any
encumbrance on the equity interests. The initial term of the amended and restated exclusive purchase option
agreement is 10 years and can be renewed for an additional 10 years on the same terms at Jingdong Century’s
option, for an unlimited number of times.



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         175
      Part I (Continued)




           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou
           entered into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous
           exclusive purchase option agreement. The amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement contains
           terms substantially similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to
           Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of
           Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, which contains terms
           substantially similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360
           described above.


           On March 20, 2026, Jiangsu Huiji, Suqian Hanyu and the shareholders of Suqian Hanyu entered into an exclusive
           purchase option agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended and restated exclusive
           purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingxundi
           (or JD Logistics or any subsidiary of JD Logistics, the “designee”) is granted an irrevocable and exclusive right
           to purchase all of the equity interest in and/or assets of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng for a nominal price, unless the
           government authorities or the PRC laws request that another amount be used as the purchase price, in which
           case the purchase price shall be the lowest amount under such request. Subject to PRC laws and regulations,
           the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and/ or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng shall return any amount of
           purchase price they have received to Xi’an Jingxundi or its designee.


           Loan Agreements
           Pursuant to an amended and restated loan agreement dated September 16, 2022 between Jingdong Century
           and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, Jingdong Century made loans to the shareholders of Jingdong 360 for
           the capitalization of Jingdong 360 and purchase of equity interest of Jingdong 360. Pursuant to the amended
           and restated loan agreement, the shareholders can only repay the loans by the sale of all their equity interest
           in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person. The shareholders must sell all of their equity
           interests in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person and pay all of the proceeds from sale of
           such equity interests or the maximum amount permitted under PRC law to Jingdong Century. In the event that
           shareholders sell their equity interests to Jingdong Century or its designated person with a price equivalent to or
           less than the amount of the principal, the loans will be interest free. If the price is higher than the amount of the
           principal, the excess amount will be paid to Jingdong Century as the loan interest. The maturity date of the loans
           is on the tenth anniversary of the date when the shareholders received the loans and paid the amount as capital
           contribution to Jingdong 360. The term of the loans will be extended automatically for an additional 10 years,
           unless Jingdong Century objects, for an unlimited number of times. The loan must be repaid immediately under
           certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) if the shareholders terminate their services with us, (ii) if any
           other third-party claims against shareholders for an amount more than RMB100,000 and Jingdong Century has
           reasonable ground to believe that the shareholders are unable to repay the claimed amount, (iii) if a foreign investor
           is permitted to hold majority or 100% equity interest in Jingdong 360 and Jingdong Century elects to exercise its




176   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     exclusive equity purchase option, or (iv) if the loan agreement, equity pledge agreement or exclusive purchase
     option agreement terminates for cause not attributable to Jingdong Century or is deemed to be invalid by a court.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai Shengdayuan and the
     shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Shanghai Shengdayuan made loans to the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou
     for the capitalization of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the purchase of equity interest of Jiangsu Yuanzhou.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai Shengdayuan and the
     shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, Shanghai Shengdayuan made loans to the shareholders of Jiangsu
     Jingdong Bangneng for the capitalization of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the purchase of equity interest of
     Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement dated March 20, 2026 between Jiangsu Huiji and the shareholders of Suqian
     Hanyu, Jiangsu Huiji made loans to the shareholders of Suqian Hanyu for the capitalization of Suqian Hanyu and
     the purchase of equity interest of Suqian Hanyu.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement, dated September 16, 2022, between Xi’an Jingxundi and the shareholders of
     Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Xi’an Jingxundi made loans to the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng solely for
     the capitalization of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.

     Additional Contractual Arrangements
     In addition to the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
     Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Hanyu Agreements, we have also entered
     into contractual arrangements with each of the other variable interest entities, including Suqian Jingdong
     Tianning, and their respective shareholders, including equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, exclusive
     technology consulting and services agreements, business operations agreements, exclusive purchase option
     agreements and loan agreements, as applicable. Our contractual agreements with these other variable interest
     entities contain terms substantially similar to those in the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou
     Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements or Suqian Hanyu
     Agreements, as applicable.

D.   Property, Plant and Equipment
     Our national headquarters are located in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing,
     where we own office buildings with an aggregate floor area of approximately 1,415,000 square meters. We have
     acquired land use rights in Beijing to build our headquarters.

     In addition, we lease our other offices in Beijing and regional offices in 82 other cities in China with an aggregate
     floor area of approximately 591,000 square meters.

     We own our global training center, national customer service center and our data center in Suqian, which have
     an aggregate floor area of approximately 213,000, 868,000 and 133,000 square meters, respectively. We built
     our own customer service center in Chengdu, with an aggregate floor area of about 255,000 square meters,
     and lease our customer service centers in Datong and Wuhan with an aggregate floor area of approximately
     69,000 square meters.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         177
      Part I (Continued)




           As of December 31, 2025, we have developed, owned or managed Modern Infrastructure Assets across
           29 provincial-level administrative regions in China and 12 countries and regions overseas. Highly automated
           and efficient warehouses will not only expand our ability to fulfill orders by ourselves but also support the
           third-party merchants on our online marketplace as well as a wide range of business partners in the ecosystem.
           As of December 31, 2025, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties and districts
           across China, with a network of over 1,600 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of over 34 million
           square meters. We incurred total lease cost of RMB12,275 million, RMB12,197 million and RMB12,618 million
           (US$1,804 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

           We plan to expand our nationwide fulfillment network by leasing, building or purchasing additional facilities
           across China over the next several years. As of December 31, 2025, we had incurred construction in progress
           costs of RMB6,503 million (US$930 million) for these fulfillment facilities and new office buildings.

      Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in
      conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this annual report.


      This report contains forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Information.” In evaluating our business,
      you should carefully consider the information provided under the caption “Key Information — Risk Factors” in this
      annual report.


      We caution you that our businesses and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.


      A.   Operating Results
           Overview
           We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. Our e-commerce business includes online
           retail and online marketplace. In the online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them
           directly to our customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. In the online marketplace business,
           third-party merchants sell products to customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. We also offer
           marketing, logistics and other value-added services.


           We generated total net revenues of RMB1,084.7 billion, RMB1,158.8 billion and RMB1,309.1 billion
           (US$187.2 billion) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our online retail business generated net product
           revenues of RMB871.2 billion, RMB928.0 billion and RMB1,023.8 billion (US$146.4 billion) in 2023, 2024 and
           2025, respectively. In addition, our market place and marketing, logistics and other services generated net
           service revenues of RMB213.4 billion, RMB230.8 billion and RMB285.3 billion (US$40.8 billion) in 2023, 2024
           and 2025, respectively.




178   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Due to the PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in a value-added
telecommunications service business and certain other businesses in China, we conduct the relevant parts of
our operations through consolidated variable interest entities. We have contractual arrangements with these
entities and their shareholders that enable us to effectively control and receive substantially all of the economic
benefits from the entities. Accordingly, we consolidate the results of these entities in our financial statements.


Major Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by the general factors driving China’s retail
industry, including levels of per capita disposable income and consumer spending in China. In addition, they
are also affected by factors driving online retail in China, such as the growing number of online shoppers, the
adoption of online sales strategies by manufacturers and service providers, the availability of improved delivery
services and the increasing variety of payment options. Our results of operations are also affected by general
economic conditions in China. In particular, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience upward
pressure on our operating expenses.

Our results of operations are also affected by PRC regulations and industry policies related to our business
operations, licenses and permits and corporate structure. For example, the product quality and consumer
protection laws require us to ensure the quality of the goods we sell and give customers the right to
return goods within seven days of receipt with no questions asked, the labor contract law and related rules
require employers to enter into written contracts with workers and to pay compensation to workers who
are terminated under certain circumstances, regulations on foreign ownership and on transfer of funds into
and out of China affect our corporate structure and financing, and regulations on business licenses affect
our legal and compliance functions. For a summary of the principal PRC laws and regulations that affect us,
see “Key Information — Risk Factors” and “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation.”
Although we have generally benefited from the Chinese government’s policies to encourage economic growth,
we are also affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations governing various aspects
of our operations. For a detailed description of the PRC regulations applicable to us, see “Information on the
Company — Business Overview — Regulation.”

JD.com, Inc., the holding company that is listed on Nasdaq and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, has no material
operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s ability to pay dividends
to our shareholders depends in part upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries subject to compliance with
applicable PRC regulations. Our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out
of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
Under PRC regulations, each of our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its
after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50%
of its registered capital. Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject
to examination by the banks designated by SAFE. As of December 31, 2025, the amount restricted, including
paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and
regulations, was approximately RMB78.2 billion (US$11.2 billion).




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        179
      Part I (Continued)




           While our business is influenced by general factors affecting our industry, our operating results are more directly
           affected by company specific factors, including the following major factors:

           •     our ability to increase customer purchases;

           •     our ability to manage our mix of product and service offerings;

           •     our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of business;

           •     our ability to effectively invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform; and

           •     our ability to conduct and manage strategic investments and acquisitions.

           Our Ability to Increase Customer Purchases
           Growth in customer purchases is a key driver of our revenue growth. We have a growing and loyal active customer
           base. Over the years, our customers have shown loyalty to us through their increased activity levels. Customer
           purchases are mainly driven by our success in generating repeat purchases from existing customer accounts.

           Our ability to attract new customer accounts and retain existing customer accounts depends on our ability
           to provide superior customer experience. To this end, we offer a wide selection of authentic products at
           competitive prices on our mobile apps and websites and provide speedy and reliable delivery, convenient
           online and in-person payment options and comprehensive customer services. We continued to improve and
           iterate system that enables us to increase our operating efficiency through enhanced product merchandising
           and supply chain management capabilities, and to drive more targeted and relevant product promotions and
           recommendations to our customers. We have benefited from word-of-mouth viral marketing in winning new
           customers, and we also conduct online and offline marketing and brand promotion activities to attract new
           customers. In addition, we encourage existing customers to place more orders with us through a variety of
           means, including granting coupons and loyalty points and holding special promotions.

           Our Ability to Manage Our Mix of Product and Service Offerings
           Our results of operations are also affected by the mix of products and services we offer. We acquire products
           from suppliers and sell them directly to customers in our online retail business, and we earn commissions and
           service fees from third-party merchants on our online marketplace. We also offer a wide range of products
           and services and aim to provide one-stop shopping solutions to maximize our wallet share. Our mix of products
           and services affects our gross margin. For example, the marketplace service revenues that we earn from
           third-party merchants and the other services that we offer generally have higher gross margins. The split
           between our online retail business and our online marketplace business thus has a major influence on our
           revenue growth and our gross margins. Our marketplace and marketing revenues, logistics and other service
           revenues increased from RMB213.4 billion in 2023 to RMB230.8 billion in 2024, and further to RMB285.3 billion
           (US$40.8 billion) in 2025.

           We intend to further (i) expand our selection of general merchandise products, such as supermarket, fashion,
           pharmaceutical and healthcare products, which are well received by customers and expected to have a potential
           for greater online penetration; (ii) attract more third-party merchants to our online marketplace; and (iii) provide
           more fulfillment and other value-added services to third-party merchants and others.

180   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our Ability to Further Increase and Leverage our Scale of Business
Our results of operations are directly affected by our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of
business. We expect to leverage our scale to obtain more favorable terms from suppliers, including pricing
terms and volume-based rebates. In addition, we aim to create value for our suppliers by providing an effective
channel for selling large volumes of their products online and by offering them comprehensive information on
customer preferences and market demand and ensuring the high quality of fulfillment services. We believe this
value proposition also helps us obtain favorable terms from suppliers.


As of December 31, 2025, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure employed a total of 642,940 warehouse
and delivery employees that manages this fulfillment infrastructure and the large number of orders we receive,
process and fulfill each year. Our fulfillment expenses in absolute amount increased over 2023, 2024 and 2025,
while the fulfillment expenses as a percentage of our total net revenues increased from 6.0% in 2023 to 6.7%
in 2025. Our research and development professionals design, develop and operate the technology platform,
develop and post content, and improve our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services. Personnel costs
are the largest component of our fulfillment costs and of our research and development costs and are likely to
remain the largest component for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand our operations. Labor costs
are rising in China and we strive to continue improving efficiency and utilization of our fulfillment and other
personnel to mitigate this effect. Our fulfillment expenses and thus operational efficiency are also affected by
the average size of orders placed by our customers.


Our Ability to Effectively Invest in Our Fulfillment Infrastructure and Technology Platform
Our results of operations depend in part on our ability to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology
platform to cost-effectively meet the demands of our business operations. Our nationwide fulfillment
infrastructure covers almost all counties and districts across China, which, as of December 31, 2025, included a
warehousing network of over 1,600 warehouses that are operated by us, and an aggregate gross floor area of
over 34 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse
Platform. As of December 31, 2025, we have developed, owned or managed Modern Infrastructure Assets
across 29 provincial-level administrative regions in China and 12 countries and regions overseas, with a total
gross floor area of over 27 million square meters.


We plan to continue to build large scale warehouse facilities with optimized configurations on these sites to
improve our fulfillment efficiency, minimize order splitting, accommodate greater product selection and fulfill the
anticipated sales of our own products as well as sales by third-party merchants using our fulfillment services.
In selecting locations for our pickup and delivery stations, order density, a parameter we use to measure the
frequency and number of orders generated from a geographical area, is an important criterion. To efficiently
deploy our delivery network, we have established delivery stations and pickup stations in areas where we
expect order density to increase to the extent where operating our own delivery network will be more cost
efficient than using third-party couriers. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform.
To enhance our technology platform, we intend to further invest in AI, big data analytics and cloud computing.
We expect these technology initiatives to provide innovative features, solutions and services to customers and
suppliers, while increasing our operational efficiency.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        181
      Part I (Continued)




           Our Ability to Conduct and Manage Strategic Investments and Acquisitions
           We have made, and may continue to make, strategic investments and acquisitions to add assets or businesses
           that are complementary to our existing business. Our financial results could be adversely affected by our
           investments or acquisitions. The investments and acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial
           results we expect. They could result in occurrence of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges,
           and amortization expenses for other intangible assets. Moreover, we share the results of the investments
           which we account for as equity method investments. We may incur impairment charges in connection with our
           investments or acquisitions and pick up gains or losses of our equity method investments, which could have a
           material impact on our financial results.


           Selected Statements of Operations Items
           Net Revenues
           Net revenues include net product revenues and net service revenues. Product sales is further divided into
           sales of electronics and home appliances products and sales of general merchandise products. Net revenues
           from electronics and home appliances products include revenues from sales of computer, communication and
           consumer electronics products as well as home appliances. Net revenues from general merchandise products
           mainly include revenues from sales of supermarket, fashion, pharmaceutical and healthcare products, furniture
           and household goods, industrial products, auto parts and books. Net service revenues are further divided into
           revenues from online marketplace and marketing and revenues from logistics and other services. The following
           table breaks down our total net revenues by these categories, by amounts and as percentages of total net
           revenues:


                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                2023                   2024                            2025
                                             RMB          %         RMB             %          RMB        US$        %
                                                               (in millions, except for percentages)

           Electronics and home
             appliances revenues          538,799       49.7     564,982          48.8      605,131     86,533     46.2
           General merchandise
             revenues                     332,425       30.6     363,025          31.3      418,671     59,869     32.0

           Net product revenues           871,224       80.3     928,007          80.1    1,023,802    146,402     78.2

           Marketplace and marketing
             revenues                      84,726        7.8      90,111           7.8      107,131     15,320      8.2
           Logistics and other service
             revenues                     128,712       11.9     140,701          12.1      178,152     25,475     13.6

           Net service revenues           213,438       19.7     230,812          19.9      285,283     40,795     21.8

           Total net revenues            1,084,662     100.0   1,158,819         100.0    1,309,085    187,197    100.0



182   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Net service revenues primarily consist of fees earned from providing marketing and logistics services to our
business partners, and commissions earned from third-party merchants for sales made through our online
marketplace. Currently, we recognize revenues from the third-party merchants on a net basis as we are not the
primary obligor, we do not have control over goods sold by third-party merchants and we do not have latitude to
establish prices for them.


We record revenue net of discounts, return allowances and value-added taxes, or VAT.


Cost of revenues
Cost of revenues primarily consists of our cost for acquiring the products that we sell directly and the related
inbound shipping charges, inventory write-downs, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services,
and cost related to logistics services provided to third parties. The rebates we receive from suppliers are treated
as a reduction in the purchase price and will be recorded as a reduction in cost of revenues when the product is
sold.


Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating our fulfillment centers, customer
service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to buying, receiving,
inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer orders for shipment,
processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third-party couriers for dispatching
and delivering our products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery and pickup stations, and physical
stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic equipment. The costs related to logistics
services provided to third parties are classified in cost of revenues. We expect our fulfillment expenses to
increase in absolute amount on an annual basis in the near run, as we invest in new businesses, build and lease
new warehouses and establish more delivery stations to penetrate lower tier cities and to meet the demands
of our business operations. We plan to increase operation efficiency by strengthening our logistics network,
improving overall utilization through economies of scale, increasing the level of integration across our logistics
networks, and improving efficiencies through more intelligent decision-making.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and payroll
and related expenses for employees involved in marketing and business development activities. We pay
commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in successful
product sales. We plan to continue to conduct brand promotion and marketing activities to enhance our brand
recognition and attract new purchases from new and existing customers.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        183
      Part I (Continued)




           Research and development expenses
           Our research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research and
           development professionals involved in designing, developing and maintaining our technology platform, and
           application of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology infrastructure costs.
           Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation, bandwidth and data center
           costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our internal and external business. We plan to
           continue to invest in technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and provide value-added
           services to suppliers and third-party merchants.


           General and administrative expenses
           Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
           functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these functions
           include facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate related expenses. We
           plan to continue to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and high-quality growth.


           Gain on sale of development properties
           The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to real
           estate investment trust and core funds (collectively, the “Property Funds”). JD Property develops and manages
           our logistics facilities and other real estate properties, to support JD Logistics and other third parties. By
           leveraging its fund management platform, JD Property can realize development profits and recycle capital from
           development properties to fund new developments and scale the business. Since 2019, JD Property established
           several Property Funds together with third parties, including GIC Private Limited (“GIC”) and Mubadala
           Investment Company (“MIC”). JD Property served as general partner and committed less than 50% of the total
           capital of each property fund as a limited partner, and cannot control the investment committee. JD Property
           also entered into definitive agreements with the Property Funds, pursuant to which JD Property sold certain of
           our completed and uncompleted modern logistics facilities, and would concurrently lease back such facilities
           for operational purposes when completed. For the logistics facilities that met closing conditions, we recorded
           disposal gain of RMB2.3 billion, RMB1.5 billion and RMB0.4 billion (US$0.1 billion) in 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively. We derecognized the logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition.


           Share of results of equity investees
           Share of the post-acquisition profits or losses, impairment, and gains or losses from disposals and deemed
           disposals of the equity investments that are accounted for under the equity method are recorded in share of
           results of equity investees.


           Others, net
           “Others, net” consists of interest income; gains/(losses) related to long-term investments without significant
           influence, including fair value changes, acquisitions or disposals gains/(losses), and impairments; government
           incentives; foreign exchange gains/(losses); and other non-operating income/(losses).




184   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




Taxation
Cayman Islands
The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains or
appreciation. Payments of dividends and capital in respect of shares are not subject to taxation in the Cayman
Islands. There are no other taxes likely to be material to holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the
government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed
in, or after execution, brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to
any double tax treaties that are applicable to any payments made to or by our company. There are no exchange
control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


Hong Kong
Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are eligible to elect a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable
income generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. If elected, the first HK$2 million
of assessable profits by our subsidiaries in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%)
while the remaining assessable profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. We analyze on
the foreign-sourced income, mainly dividend and interest, accrued to its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, apply for
Commissioner’s Opinion /Advance Ruling with the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong on fulfillment of
exception requirements under Foreign-Sourced Income Exemption (“FSIE”) regime and pay tax for the income
subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, if any. In addition, payments of dividends from our subsidiaries in Hong Kong
to us are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.


Chinese Mainland
Generally, our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland are subject
to enterprise income tax on their taxable income in the Chinese mainland at a rate of 25%, except that a few
entities in our group benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% as they conduct business in certain encouraged
sectors or areas, and any entity that qualifies as a “software enterprise” is entitled to an exemption from
income tax for the first two years and 50% reduction for the next three years from such entity’s first profitable
year. Besides, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027, subject to certain criteria, the portion of annual
taxable income amount of a small profit enterprise shall be computed at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable
income amount, and be subject to enterprise income tax at 20% tax rate. Furthermore, certain of our entities
in the Chinese mainland engaging in research and development activities in the Chinese mainland were entitled
to claim 175% of their research and development expenses from January 1, 2021 to September 30, 2022
according to the laws and regulations in the PRC. In September 2022, the PRC State Tax Administration further
announced that for the enterprises entitled to the current pre-tax deduction ratio of 175% for research and
development expenses, such ratio is raised to 200% during the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31,
2022. In March 2023, the State Tax Administration announced that 200% of the actual amount can be deducted
before tax from January 1, 2023. The enterprise income tax is calculated based on the entity’s global income as
determined under PRC tax laws and accounting standards.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        185
      Part I (Continued)




           We are subject to VAT at a rate of 9% on sales of audio and video products, at a rate of 13% on sales of other
           products, at a rate of 6% on express delivery services, at a rate of 9% on transportation services and at a rate
           of 6% on advertising and other services, in each case less any deductible VAT we have already paid or borne.
           Since January 1, 2014, we have been exempted from VAT on sales of books. We are also subject to surcharges
           on VAT payments in accordance with PRC law.


           Dividends paid by our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to our intermediate holding
           companies in Hong Kong should qualify for the preferential withholding tax rate of 5% under the Arrangement
           between the PRC and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and
           Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, instead of the normal withholding
           tax rate of 10%. The Hong Kong entity is required to file an application package with the PRC tax authorities
           and settle the overdue taxes if the preferential 5% tax rate is denied based on the subsequent review of the
           application package by the tax authority. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate
           Structure — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any
           cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make
           payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”


           If our holding company in the Cayman Islands or any of our subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland
           were deemed to be a “resident enterprise” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, it would be subject
           to enterprise income tax on its worldwide income at a rate of 25%. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
           Risks Related to Doing Business in China — If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax
           purposes, such classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders
           or ADS holders.”


           Results of Operations
           The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations in absolute amount and as a percentage
           of our total net revenues for the periods indicated.


           Period-to-period comparisons of historical results of operations should not be relied upon as indicative of future
           performance.




186   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




                                                          For the Year Ended December 31,
                                      2023                        2024                             2025
                                    RMB             %          RMB             %         RMB           US$        %
                                            (in millions, except for percentages, shares and per share data)

Net revenues
Net product revenues            871,224           80.3     928,007          80.1     1,023,802     146,402      78.2
Net service revenues            213,438           19.7     230,812          19.9      285,283       40,795      21.8

Total net revenues             1,084,662        100.0     1,158,819        100.0     1,309,085     187,197     100.0
Cost of revenues                (924,958)        (85.3)    (974,951)       (84.1) (1,099,057)     (157,163)    (84.0)
Fulfillment                      (64,558)         (5.9)     (70,426)         (6.1)     (88,176)    (12,609)     (6.7)
Marketing                        (40,133)         (3.7)     (47,953)         (4.1)     (83,953)    (12,005)     (6.4)
Research and development         (16,393)         (1.5)     (17,031)         (1.5)     (22,229)     (3,179)     (1.7)
General and administrative        (9,710)         (0.9)      (8,888)         (0.8)     (11,980)     (1,713)     (0.9)
Impairment of goodwill            (3,143)         (0.3)        (799)         (0.1)      (1,303)       (186)     (0.1)
Impairment of
  long-lived assets               (2,025)         (0.2)      (1,562)         (0.1)          —             —       —
Gain on sale of
  development properties           2,283           0.2        1,527          0.1          387             55     0.0

Income from operations(1)(2)     26,025            2.4      38,736           3.3        2,774          397       0.2

Other income/(expense)
Share of results of equity
  investees                        1,010           0.1        2,327          0.2        8,025        1,147       0.6
Interest expense                  (2,881)         (0.3)      (2,896)         (0.3)      (2,803)       (401)     (0.2)
Others, net                        7,496           0.7      13,371           1.2       17,327        2,478       1.3

Income before tax                31,650            2.9      51,538           4.4       25,323        3,621       1.9
Income tax expenses               (8,393)         (0.8)      (6,878)         (0.5)      (2,181)       (312)     (0.1)

Net income                       23,257            2.1      44,660           3.9       23,142        3,309       1.8
Net income/(loss)
 attributable to
 non-controlling interests
 shareholders                       (910)         (0.1)       3,301           0.3        3,511         502       0.3
Net income attributable to
 the Company’s ordinary
 shareholders                    24,167            2.2      41,359           3.6       19,631        2,807       1.5




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025    187
      Part I (Continued)




                                                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                      2023                        2024                                        2025
                                                       RMB         %               RMB         %                  RMB                       US$      %
                                                           (in millions, except for percentages, shares and per share data)

           Net income per share
                 Basic                                 7.69                       13.83                           6.89                      0.99
                 Diluted                               7.61                       13.43                           6.45                      0.92
           Net income per ADS       (3)


                 Basic                                15.37                       27.67                         13.79                       1.97
                 Diluted                              15.23                       26.86                         12.90                       1.84
           Weighted average
           number of shares
                 Basic                      3,144,233,160               2,989,701,855                 2,847,199,686           2,847,199,686
                 Diluted                    3,170,542,396               3,076,061,616                 2,978,037,127           2,978,037,127


           (1)      Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:



                                                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                           2023               2024                    2025

                                                                                           RMB                RMB                RMB               US$

                                                                                                              (in millions)

                    Cost of revenues                                                       (133)                (80)                 (87)           (12)
                    Fulfillment                                                            (697)               (424)              (473)             (68)
                    Marketing                                                              (426)               (273)              (313)             (45)
                    Research and development                                               (859)               (599)            (1,144)            (164)
                    General and administrative                                            (2,689)            (1,623)            (2,709)            (387)


                    Total                                                                 (4,804)            (2,999)            (4,726)            (676)




188   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




(2)      Includes amortization of business cooperation arrangement and intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions as
         follows:



                                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                     2023               2024                  2025

                                                                                     RMB                RMB                RMB             US$

                                                                                                        (in millions)

         Fulfillment                                                                  (414)              (288)             (197)            (28)
         Marketing                                                                    (880)              (903)             (886)           (126)
         Research and development                                                     (305)              (205)             (144)            (21)
         General and administrative                                                   (128)               (64)                —              —


         Total                                                                      (1,727)            (1,460)            (1,227)          (175)


(3)      Each ADS represents two Class A ordinary shares.


Segment Information
From the first quarter of 2024, we started to report three reportable segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New
Businesses, to reflect changes made to the reporting structure whose financial information is reviewed by the
chief operating decision maker of our company under the ongoing operating strategies. JD Retail, which includes
JD Health and JD Industrials, mainly engages in online retail, online marketplace and marketing services in
China. JD Logistics includes both internal and external logistics businesses. New Businesses mainly include JD
Food Delivery, JD Property, Jingxi and overseas businesses.


The tables below set out our net revenues and income/(loss) from operations by segment, with the segment
information for the prior periods retrospectively recast to conform to the presentation for the current period:


                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       2023                    2024                       2025
                                                                       RMB                     RMB                  RMB                   US$
                                                                                               (in millions)

Net revenues:
      JD Retail                                                    945,343            1,015,948                1,126,399             161,073
      JD Logistics                                                 166,625               182,837                 217,146               31,052
      New Businesses                                                26,617                  19,157                49,282                 7,047
      Inter-segment eliminations*                                  (53,923)               (59,123)               (83,742)             (11,975)
Total consolidated net revenues                                 1,084,662             1,158,819                1,309,085             187,197


*
         The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics to

         JD Retail and New Businesses, and property leasing services provided by JD Property to JD Logistics.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025           189
      Part I (Continued)




                                                                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023                  2024                      2025
                                                                               RMB                   RMB                   RMB                   US$
                                                                                                      (in millions)

           Income/(Loss) from operations:
                JD Retail                                                    35,925                41,077               51,402                  7,350
                JD Logistics                                                   1,005                6,317                 5,269                   754
                New Businesses                                                  (329)               (2,865)            (46,641)                (6,670)
             Including:
               Gain on sale of development
               properties                                                      2,283                1,527                   387                    55
               Impairment of long-lived assets                                (1,123)               (1,027)                   —                     —

           Total segment income from operations                              36,601                44,529               10,030                  1,434
           Unallocated items**                                              (10,576)                (5,793)              (7,256)               (1,037)

           Total consolidated income from operations                         26,025                38,736                 2,774                   397


           **      Unallocated items include share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions,
                   effects of business cooperation arrangements, and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.


           Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
           Net Revenues
           Our total net revenues increased by 13.0% from RMB1,158,819 million in 2024 to RMB1,309,085 million
           (US$187,197 million) in 2025.

           Net revenues from JD Retail increased by 10.9% to RMB1,126,399 million (US$161,073 million) in 2025 from
           RMB1,015,948 million in 2024. The increase was primarily driven by the enhancement in our unique supply
           chain capabilities, investments in user experience and mindshare, and improved price competitiveness and
           platform ecosystem.

           Net revenues from JD Logistics increased by 18.8% to RMB217,146 million (US$31,052 million) in 2025
           from RMB182,837 million in 2024. The increase was largely driven by the growth in logistics revenues from
           integrated supply chain customers, primarily fueled by the scaled-up delivery services to support JD Food
           Delivery under New Businesses through expanded rider capacity and the enhanced local delivery capabilities.

           Net revenues from New Businesses increased by 157.3% to RMB49,282 million (US$7,047 million) in 2025
           from RMB19,157 million in 2024. The increase was largely due to the rapid scaling of JD Food Delivery and
           Jingxi.

           Cost of revenues
           Our cost of revenues increased by 12.7% from RMB974,951 million in 2024 to RMB1,099,057 million
           (US$157,163 million) in 2025. This increase was primarily due to the growth of our online retail business and an
           increase in costs related to the logistics services provided to merchants and other partners.


190   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses increased by 25.2% from RMB70,426 million in 2024 to RMB88,176 million
(US$12,609 million) in 2025. This increase was primarily due to continued upgrade in fulfillment capabilities and
investment in human capital to enhance user experience.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses increased by 75.1% from RMB47,953 million in 2024 to RMB83,953 million
(US$12,005 million) in 2025. This increase was primarily due to the increased spending in promotional efforts for
new business initiatives.


Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses increased by 30.5% from RMB17,031 million in 2024 to
RMB22,229 million (US$3,179 million) in 2025. Research and development expenses as a percentage of net
revenues was 1.7% for the year of 2025, compared to 1.5% for the year of 2024 as we continue to invest in
technology capabilities and talents.


General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 34.8% from RMB8,888 million in 2024 to
RMB11,980 million (US$1,713 million) in 2025. This increase was primarily due to the increase in share-based
compensation expenses and increase in staff cost.


Impairment of goodwill
We performed quantitative impairment test on goodwill arising from acquisitions on a reporting unit basis and
recorded non-cash impairment losses of RMB799 million and RMB1,303 million (US$186 million) in 2024 and
2025, respectively.


Gain on sale of development properties
The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to the
Property Funds. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating Results — Selected
Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” For the logistics facilities that met
closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB1,527 million in 2024 and RMB387 million (US$55 million)
in 2025.


Income from Operations
Income from operations was RMB38,736 million in 2024 and RMB2,774 million (US$397 million) in 2025. The
declines were primarily attributable to increased strategic investment in new business initiatives.


Share of results of equity investees
Our share of results of equity investees was a gain of RMB2,327 million in 2024 and RMB8,025 million
(US$1,147 million) in 2025, respectively. The increase of net gain was primarily due to higher profits from our
equity investees.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       191
      Part I (Continued)




           Others, Net
           “Others, net” recorded a gain of RMB13,371 million in 2024 and a gain of RMB17,327 million (US$2,478 million)
           in 2025, primarily due to decreased impairment losses related to equity investments.


           Net Income
           As a result of the foregoing, we had a net income of RMB23,142 million (US$3,309 million) in 2025, as
           compared to a net income of RMB44,660 million in 2024.


           Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
           For a detailed description of the comparison of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2024
           and 2023, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — A. Operating Results — Results of
           Operations — Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023” of our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the
           Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2025.


      B.   Liquidity and Capital Resources
           Our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from operating activities, equity and debt financing, and
           certain business or assets reorganizations.


           Our major financings
           Set forth below are our major financings in recent years:


           •     In April 2016, we issued an aggregate of US$0.5 billion unsecured senior notes due 2021, with stated
                 annual interest rate of 3.125%, and an aggregate of US$0.5 billion unsecured senior notes due 2026,
                 with stated annual interest rate of 3.875%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes were used
                 for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2025, the notes due 2021 were paid off, and the
                 carrying value and estimated fair value of the notes due 2026 were US$499.6 million and US$499.4 million,
                 respectively. The estimated fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities
                 as of December 31, 2025. The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others,
                 limitation on liens, and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
                 We are in compliance with all the covenants. During 2025, we paid an aggregate of US$19.4 million in
                 interest payments related to these notes.


           •     In January 2020, we issued an aggregate of US$0.7 billion unsecured senior notes due 2030, with stated
                 annual interest rate of 3.375%, and an aggregate of US$0.3 billion unsecured senior notes due 2050, with
                 stated annual interest rate of 4.125%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes are used for general
                 corporate purposes and refinancing. As of December 31, 2025, the total carrying value and estimated fair
                 value were US$692.6 million and US$676.4 million, respectively, with respect to the notes due 2030, and
                 US$281.7 million and US$236.0 million, respectively, with respect to the notes due 2050. The estimated
                 fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities as of December 31, 2025.
                 The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, and restriction
                 on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. We are in compliance with all the
                 covenants. During 2025, we paid an aggregate of US$36.0 million in interest payments related to these
                 notes.
192   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




•   In June 2020, our Class A ordinary shares commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
    Exchange under the stock code “9618.” We raised from our global offering in connection with the listing
    in Hong Kong approximately RMB31.3 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
    share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


•   In December 2021, we entered into a five-year US$2.0 billion unsecured term and revolving loan facility
    with five lead arrangers. This loan facility is our first green loan facility. The term and revolving loans
    under this facility are priced at 85 basis points over LIBOR, which was amended to the Secured Overnight
    Financing Rate in September 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, we drew down US$1.0 billion under
    the facility commitment, which will be due in 2027 and was further extended to 2030 in January 2025.
    We used the proceeds from this loan facility to (i) finance or refinance in whole or in part, one or more
    of its new or existing eligible green projects and/or (ii) general corporate purposes. In March 2026, all
    outstanding balance of the borrowings was early repaid in full.


•   In May 2024, we issued convertible senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of US$2.0 billion due
    2029, or the 2029 Notes. The 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.25% per year, payable semiannually
    in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2024. The 2029 Notes will
    mature on June 1, 2029, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms
    prior to such date. The initial conversion rate of the 2029 Notes is 21.8830 ADSs per US$1,000 principal
    amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately US$45.70 per ADS.
    As of December 31, 2025, an aggregate principal amount of US$2.0 billion of the 2029 Notes remained
    outstanding. We used and will use the net proceeds from the issuance (i) for repurchase of our ADSs,
    concurrently with the pricing of the 2029 Notes, from certain purchasers of the 2029 Notes in off-market
    privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or its affiliates, as our agent,
    and repurchases on the open market, after the pricing of the 2029 Notes and from time to time, additional
    Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs of ours pursuant to our share repurchase program(s), (ii) to expand
    our overseas business, (iii) to further improve our supply chain network, and (iv) for working capital needs.
    Holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase for cash all or part of their Notes for cash on June 1,
    2027 or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
    amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
    relevant repurchase date. In addition, on or after June 8, 2027, we may redeem all or part of the Notes
    for cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
    Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant optional
    redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem all but not part of the Notes in the event of certain changes
    in the tax laws or if less than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued remains
    outstanding at such time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
    redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the related redemption date.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         193
      Part I (Continued)




           •     In 2025, we were granted with approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission of issuing public
                 offering corporate bonds to professional investors with an aggregate registered principal amount of up to
                 RMB10.0 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2025, RMB6.0 billion was issued in three tranches
                 under the program, with coupon rates ranging from 1.55% to 1.87% per annum and tenors ranging from 1
                 to 5 years.


           •     In April 2026, we completed the offering of RMB7.5 billion 2.05% notes due 2031 and RMB2.5 billion
                 2.75% notes due 2036 in reliance on Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933,
                 as amended. The proceeds have been received in full and was partially used to repay certain existing
                 borrowings and related interest.


           Major financings of our subsidiaries
           Set forth below are the major financings of our subsidiaries in the past three years:


           JD Property
           •     In December 2023, JD Property entered into a RMB8,500 million term loan agreement with interest rate at
                 65 basis points below the Loan Prime Rate to refinance the loan and drew down RMB8,286 million, which
                 was expected to be repaid through December 2028 in installments. The net proceeds from this loan facility
                 are used for refinancing.


           JD Industrials
           •     By March 2023, JD Industrials had raised an aggregate of approximately US$545 million through
                 non-redeemable series A, series A-1 and series B preference share financing with a group of third-party
                 investors.


           •     On December 11, 2025, shares of JD Industrials commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong
                 Stock Exchange under the stock code “7618.” JD Industrials raised from the global offering in connection
                 with the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB2.6 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting
                 commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


           As of December 31, 2025, we had revolving lines of credit for an aggregate amount of RMB304.0 billion
           (US$43.5 billion) from several commercial banks, and RMB243.1 billion (US$34.8 billion) of which was unused.


           Taking into account cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and the available bank
           facilities, we believe that we have sufficient working capital for our present requirements and for at least the
           next 12 months from the date of this annual report. We may, however, need additional cash resources in the
           future if we experience changes in business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional
           cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, capital
           expenditure or similar actions. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed the amount of cash and cash
           equivalents we have on hand, we may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain additional credit facilities.




194   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Our net inventories amounted to RMB68.1 billion, RMB89.3 billion and RMB95.4 billion (US$13.6 billion) as of
December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our annual inventory turnover days were 30.3 days in 2023,
31.5 days in 2024 and 37.8 days in 2025. Annual inventory turnover days are the quotient of average inventory
over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to cost of
revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days. Our inventory balances will
fluctuate over time due to a number of factors, including expansion in our product selection and changes in our
product mix. Our inventory balances typically increase when we prepare for special promotion events, such as
the anniversary of the founding of our company on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on November 11.


Our accounts payable primarily include accounts payable to suppliers associated with our retail business. As of
December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, our accounts payable amounted to RMB166.2 billion, RMB192.9 billion and
RMB188.4 billion (US$26.9 billion), respectively. Our annual accounts payable turnover days for retail business
were 53.2 days in 2023, 58.6 days in 2024 and 60.0 days in 2025. Annual accounts payable turnover days are
the quotient of average accounts payable for retail business over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to
and including the last quarter of the annual period to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period,
and then multiplied by 360 days.


Our accounts receivable primarily include amounts due from customers and online payment channels. As of
December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, our accounts receivable amounted to RMB20.3 billion, RMB25.6 billion and
RMB27.3 billion (US$3.9 billion), respectively. JD Technology provides consumer financing to our customers.
As of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the balances of current portion of financing provided to our
customers that were included in accounts receivable balances amounted to RMB2.3 billion, RMB2.0 billion and
RMB1.7 billion (US$0.2 billion), respectively. Our accounts receivable turnover days excluding the impact from
consumer financing were 5.6 days in 2023, 5.9 days in 2024 and 8.7 days in 2025. Annual accounts receivable
turnover days are the quotient of average accounts receivable over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to
and including the last quarter of the annual period, to total net revenues for that annual period and then multiplied
by 360 days.


Although we consolidate the results of the consolidated variable interest entities, we only have access to cash
balances or future earnings of the consolidated variable interest entities through our contractual arrangements
with them. See “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” For restrictions and limitations on
liquidity and capital resources as a result of our corporate structure, see “Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Holding Company Structure.”




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         195
      Part I (Continued)




           As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
           regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
           loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of
           capital contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may
           provide RMB funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and
           to the consolidated variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction — Summary of
           Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects —
           Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate
           Structure — PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and
           governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries
           and the consolidated variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-
           owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our
           ability to fund and expand our business.”


           RMB may be converted into foreign exchange for current account items, including interest and trade- and
           service-related transactions. As a result, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
           China may purchase foreign exchange for the payment of license, content or other royalty fees and expenses to
           offshore licensors and content partners, for example.


           Our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries may convert RMB amounts that they generate in their own business
           activities, including technical consulting and related service fees pursuant to their contracts with the
           consolidated variable interest entities, as well as dividends they receive from their own subsidiaries, into foreign
           exchange and pay them to their non-PRC parent companies in the form of dividends. However, current PRC
           regulations permit our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated
           profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Each of our wholly
           foreign-owned subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits after making up previous
           years’ accumulated losses each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside
           reaches 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore,
           capital account transactions, which include foreign direct investment and loans, must be approved by and/or
           registered with SAFE and its local branches.




196   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                       Part I (Continued)




The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                                          For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   2023              2024             2025
                                                                   RMB               RMB           RMB              US$
                                                                                    (in millions)

Summary Consolidated Cash Flows Data:
Net cash provided by operating activities                        59,521           58,095             18,991        2,716
Net cash (used in)/provided by investing
 activities                                                      (59,543)            (871)           41,832        5,982
Net cash used in financing activities                             (5,808)         (21,004)          (26,728)       (3,822)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                              125               98               (186)          (27)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash                                  (5,705)         36,318             33,909        4,849
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
  cash at beginning of year, including
  cash and cash equivalents classified
  within assets held for sale                                    85,156           79,451            115,716       16,547
Less: cash, cash equivalents,
  and restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at beginning of year                          41               53                 —*            —*
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
  cash at beginning of year                                      85,115           79,398            115,716       16,547

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and cash
  equivalents classified within assets
  held for sale                                                  79,451          115,716            149,625       21,396
Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash classified within assets held for
  sale at end of year                                                53                —*                —*            —*

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year                                                 79,398          115,716            149,625       21,396


*    Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025    197
      Part I (Continued)




           Operating Activities
           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2025 was RMB18,991 million (US$2,716 million). In 2025, the
           principal items accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our
           net income were certain non-cash expenses, principally depreciation and amortization of RMB9,747 million
           (US$1,394 million), impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets and equity investments totaled RMB2,130 million
           (US$304 million), share-based compensation of RMB4,726 million (US$676 million), and changes in certain
           working capital accounts, principally an increase in inventories of RMB5,780 million (US$827 million), and a
           decrease in accounts payable of RMB4,909 million (US$702 million). The increase in inventories was mainly due
           to the growth of our business and preparation for the Chinese New Year Shopping Festival. The decrease in our
           accounts payable was due to a high base effect of 2024.


           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2024 was RMB58,095 million. In 2024, the principal items
           accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income
           were certain non-cash expenses, principally depreciation and amortization of RMB8,904 million, impairment
           of goodwill, long-lived assets and equity investments totaled RMB5,660 million, share-based compensation
           of RMB2,999 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts, principally an increase in inventories of
           RMB20,154 million, and an increase in accounts payable of RMB27,844 million. The increase in inventories was
           mainly due to preparation for the Chinese New Year Shopping Festival and the trade-in program. The increase in
           our accounts payable was due to the growth of our business.


           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was RMB59,521 million. In 2023, the principal items
           accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income
           were certain non-cash expenses, principally depreciation and amortization of RMB8,292 million, impairment
           of goodwill, long-lived assets and equity investments totaled RMB8,211 million, share-based compensation
           of RMB4,804 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts, principally an decrease in inventories of
           RMB9,891 million, and an increase in accounts payable of RMB4,614 million. The decrease in inventories was
           mainly due to seasonality, as inventories were pre-stocked at the end of 2022 for the 2023 Chinese New Year
           which was in January 2023, while the 2024 Chinese New Year was in February 2024 and thus fewer inventories
           was pre-stocked at the end of 2023. The increase in our accounts payable was due to the growth of our
           business.


           Investing Activities
           Net cash provided by investing activities in 2025 was RMB41,832 million (US$5,982 million), consisting primarily
           of the maturity of time deposits and wealth management products, cash received from sale of development
           properties and disposal of investment securities and equity investments, partially offset by the purchase of
           time deposits and wealth management products, purchase of property, equipment and software and intangible
           assets, cash paid for construction in progress and land use rights and cash paid for asset acquisitions and
           business combinations.




198   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




Net cash used in investing activities in 2024 was RMB871 million, consisting primarily of the purchase of
time deposits and wealth management products, cash paid for construction in progress and land use rights,
purchases of property, equipment and software and intangible assets, cash paid for asset acquisitions and
business combinations, partially offset by the maturity of time deposits and wealth management products,
cash received from disposal of equity investments and investment securities and cash received from sale of
development properties.


Net cash used in investing activities in 2023 was RMB59,543 million, consisting primarily of the purchase
of short-term investments and long-term time deposits and wealth management products, cash paid for
construction in progress and land use rights, purchases of property, equipment and software and asset
acquisitions, partially offset by the maturity of short-term investments, cash received from disposal of equity
investments and investment securities and cash received from sale of development properties.


Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities in 2025 was RMB26,728 million (US$3,822 million), consisting primarily of
cash paid for dividends, cash paid for repurchase of ordinary shares and ADSs of our company and acquisition of
additional equity interests in non-wholly owned subsidiaries, partially offset by net proceeds from debts.


Net cash used in financing activities in 2024 was RMB21,004 million, consisting primarily of cash paid for
repurchase of ordinary shares and ADSs of our company and cash paid for dividends, partially offset by net
proceeds from unsecured senior notes.


Net cash used in financing activities in 2023 was RMB5,808 million, consisting primarily of cash paid for
repurchase of ordinary shares and ADSs of our company and cash paid for dividends, partially offset by net
proceeds from bank borrowings.


Material cash requirements
Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2025 and any subsequent interim period primarily include
our capital expenditures and contractual obligations.


Capital Expenditures
We made capital expenditures of RMB25.4 billion, RMB18.0 billion and RMB17.6 billion (US$2.5 billion) in
2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our capital expenditures for 2023, 2024 and 2025 consisted primarily of
expenditures related to the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure, technology platform, logistics equipment
as well as our office buildings. Our capital expenditures will continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as
we expand and improve our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform to meet the needs of our business
operations. JD Property seeks to realize development profits and recycle capital from mature properties to fund
new developments and scale the business. We sold certain of our development properties and received proceeds
of RMB7.0 billion in 2023, RMB3.8 billion in 2024 and RMB4.9 billion (US$0.7 billion) in 2025.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         199
      Part I (Continued)




           Contractual Obligations
           The following table sets forth our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2025:


                                                                                               Payment Due by Period
                                                                                        Less than                                          More than
                                                                             Total           1 year      1–3 years         3–5 years           5 years
                                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

           Operating lease commitments for offices
            and fulfillment infrastructures                                38,177             9,616          10,686             6,138           11,737
           Capital commitments(1)                                           2,682             2,682                —                 —                 —
           Long-term debt obligations and
                 interest payments(2)                                      78,515             8,278          17,166            32,657           20,414

           Total                                                         119,374             20,576          27,852            38,795           32,151


           (1)      Our capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction and purchase of office buildings and warehouses, and are
                    expected to be paid in the following years according to the construction progress.


           (2)      Our long-term debt obligations are mainly unsecured senior notes and long-term debts, including the portion due within one year.



           Our investment commitments contracted but without fixed payment schedule amounted to RMB1.5 billion
           (US$0.2 billion) as of December 31, 2025, which primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain
           fund investments.


           Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
           We have not entered into any material financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment
           obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our
           shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
           Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated
           entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest
           in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in
           leasing, hedging or product development services with us.




200   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     Holding Company Structure
     JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily
     through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s
     ability to pay dividends depends upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries. If our existing PRC subsidiaries
     or any newly formed ones incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt
     may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China
     are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance
     with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC law, each of our subsidiaries and the consolidated
     variable interest entities in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any,
     to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered capital. Each
     of our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities may allocate a portion of its after-tax
     profits based on PRC accounting standards to a discretionary surplus fund at its discretion. The statutory
     reserve funds and the discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Remittance of dividends by
     a wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject to examination by the banks designated by SAFE.
     As of December 31, 2025, the amount restricted, including paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as
     determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, was approximately RMB78.2 billion
     (US$11.2 billion).


C.   Research and Development, Patents, and Licenses, etc.
     We have built our technology platform relying primarily on software and systems that we have developed
     in-house and to a lesser extent on third-party software that we have modified and incorporated. Our research
     and development professionals design, develop and operate our technology platform and to improve our AI, big
     data and cloud technologies and services.


     In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our research and development expenses, including share-based compensation
     expenses for research and development staff, were RMB16,393 million, RMB17,031 million and
     RMB22,229 million (US$3,179 million), respectively. Our research and development expenses consist primarily
     of payroll and related expenses for research and development professionals involved in designing, developing
     and operating our technology platform, and improving our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services,
     and technology infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment
     depreciation, bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our
     internal and external business. We expect spending in research and development continue to be significant over
     time as we plan to continue to invest in our technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and
     provide value-added services to our business partners.


D.   Trend Information
     Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
     demands, commitments or events for the period since January 1, 2026 that are reasonably likely to have a
     material and adverse effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that
     would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future results of operations or
     financial conditions.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         201
      Part I (Continued)




      E.   Critical Accounting Estimates
           An accounting estimate is considered critical if it requires to be made based on assumptions about matters that
           are highly uncertain at the time such estimate is made, and if different accounting estimates that reasonably
           could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically,
           could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.


           We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make
           estimates and assumptions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most
           recently available information, our own historical experiences and various other assumptions that we believe
           to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
           reporting process, actual results could differ from our expectations as a result of changes in our estimates.
           Some of our accounting policies require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application and require
           us to make significant accounting estimates.


           The following descriptions of critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
           financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report. For further information, see Note 2 to
           our consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


           Business Combinations
           We account for business acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting. We allocate the fair value of
           purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based
           on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of
           these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. We primarily establish fair value using the income
           approach based upon a discounted cash flow model. The income approach requires management to make
           significant estimates and assumptions. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are
           not limited to, future expected cash flows and discount rates.


           Our management’s estimates of fair value are based on available information as of the acquisition date and upon
           assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result,
           the actual results may differ from estimates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially
           affect the determination of the fair value.


           Revenues
           We recognize revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered and title is
           passed to customers. Significant judgment is required to estimate return allowances. For online retail business
           with return conditions, we reasonably estimate the possibility of return based on the historical experience,
           changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates could materially impact the amount of net revenues
           recognized.


           Inventories
           Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
           Cost of inventories is mainly determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are recorded to
           write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving merchandise and
202   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and forecasted consumer
demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. We take ownership, risks and rewards of the products
purchased, but have arrangements to return unsold goods with certain vendors. Write-downs are recorded in
cost of revenues in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). As a measure
of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December 31, 2025, we would have
recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately RMB1,002 million (US$143 million).


Goodwill Impairment
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities
acquired in a business combination.


Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31,
and in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate that the asset
might be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying
the Test for Goodwill Impairment issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance on
testing of goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If as a result of the qualitative
assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the
quantitative impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The quantitative impairment
test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.
If the carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss equal to the difference
between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying amount will be recorded.


Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the identification
of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and
determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair value of reporting units
includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and making other assumptions.
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each
reporting unit.


During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, management monitored the actual performance of
the business and conducted goodwill impairment test. For the year ended December 31, 2023, considered the
duration and severity of the decline of Dada’s stock price, we assessed that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of Dada reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and performed a quantitative impairment test on the
Dada reporting unit and recognized an impairment loss of RMB3,143 million. For the year ended December 31,
2024, we concluded the carrying amounts of certain reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and
recorded impairment losses of RMB799 million. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we concluded the
carrying amounts of certain reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and recorded impairment
losses of RMB1,303 million. The fair value of reporting units was determined based on the discounted cash
flow analysis using the assumptions including internal cash flows forecasts, long-term future growth rates and
discount rates, among others.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         203
      Part I (Continued)




           Income Taxes
           We are mainly subject to income tax in the Chinese mainland, but are also subject to taxation on profit arising
           in or derived from the tax jurisdiction where our subsidiaries are domiciled and operate in countries or regions
           other than the Chinese mainland. Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial
           reporting purposes, adjusted for income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income
           tax purposes, in accordance with the regulations of the tax jurisdictions. We follow the liability method of
           accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
           the temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets
           and liabilities by applying enacted statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the temporary
           differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the amount of deferred tax
           assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the
           deferred tax assets will not be realized.


           We considered all the available positive and negative evidence at each legal entity level to determine whether
           a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is needed. The valuation allowance of RMB13 billion and
           RMB15 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively, is based on management’s estimates of
           future taxable income and application of relevant tax income laws. Our valuation allowance mainly arises from
           loss-making entities under the logistics business and certain new businesses that have suffered cumulative
           losses in recent years. We released approximately RMB8 billion of our valuation allowances in 2025 as certain
           entities turned profitable. For the remaining entities under the logistics business and certain new businesses,
           we continue to project losses in future periods due to the expected future earning volatility. Based on that,
           management believes that it is not more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets for those entities
           will be released as the related net operating loss carry forwards will not be utilized to offset taxable income
           in the foreseeable future. We will continue to monitor the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred
           tax assets in the future. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in our consolidated
           statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and
           liabilities are classified as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets.


           We recognize in our consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax position is
           more-likely-than-not to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax positions that meet
           the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that has a
           greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We estimate our liability for unrecognized
           tax benefits which are periodically assessed and may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings
           by tax authorities, changes and/or developments with respect to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of
           limitations. The ultimate outcome for a particular tax position may not be determined with certainty prior to the
           conclusion of a tax audit and, in some cases, appeal or litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized
           may differ from our estimates. As each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our consolidated
           financial statements in the period in which the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in
           facts, circumstances and new information may require us to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates
           with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in
           the period in which the changes occur. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, we did not have any significant
           unrecognized uncertain tax positions.


204   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




Directors, Senior Management and Employees
A.   Directors and Senior Management
     The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this
     annual report.


     Directors and Executive Officers                  Age             Position/Title

     Richard Qiangdong Liu                               53            Chairman of the Board of Directors
     Sandy Ran Xu                                        49            Chief Executive Officer and Executive
                                                                         Director
     Ming Huang                                          62            Independent Director
     Louis T. Hsieh                                      61            Independent Director
     Dingbo Xu                                           63            Independent Director
     Caroline Scheufele                                  64            Independent Director
     Carol Yun Yau Li                                    46            Independent Director
     Grace Kun Ding                                      49            Independent Director
     Jennifer Ngar-Wing Yu                               44            Independent Director
     Ian Su Shan                                         44            Chief Financial Officer


     Richard Qiangdong Liu has been the chairman of our company since inception and served as our chief executive
     officer until April 2022. He founded JD.com in 2004 and has guided its development and growth since then.
     Mr. Liu received the prestigious award “Person of the Year of Chinese Economy 2011” from CCTV, China’s
     national television network. He was among “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders” named by Fortune Magazine in
     2015. Mr. Liu currently serves as chairman of the board and non-executive director of JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEX:
     2618), JD Health International Inc. (HKEX: 6618), and JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (HKEX: 7618), respectively.
     He also serves as chairman of the board and director of Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. Mr. Liu received
     his bachelor’s degree in sociology from Renmin University of China in 1996 and an EMBA from China Europe
     International Business School in 2011.


     Sandy Ran Xu has served as our chief executive officer and executive director since May 2023. Prior to her
     current role, Ms. Xu served as the chief financial officer of our company from June 2020 to May 2023. Prior to
     joining JD.com in 2018, Ms. Xu was an audit partner and spent nearly 20 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Zhong Tian LLP, Beijing office and PricewaterhouseCoopers, San Jose office. Ms. Xu currently also serves as
     an independent director of Baidu, Inc. Ms. Xu was a Certified Public Accountant in both China and the United
     States. Ms. Xu received her bachelor’s degree with a double major in information science and economics from
     Peking University.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025     205
      Part I (Continued)




           Ming Huang has served as our independent director since March 2014. Mr. Huang has been Professor of
           Finance at the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University since July 2005. From July 2010
           to June 2019, Mr. Huang was also Professor of Finance at China Europe International Business School.
           Mr. Huang also served as Professor of Finance at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in China from
           July 2008 to June 2010 and Dean of the School of Finance at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics
           from April 2006 to March 2009. Prior to 2005, he was Associate Professor of Finance at the Graduate School
           of Business at Stanford University from September 2002 to June 2005 and Associate Dean and Visiting
           Professor of Finance at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business from July 2004 to June 2005. Professor
           Huang’s academic research primarily focuses on behavioral finance, credit risk and derivatives. In recent years,
           his research has focused on Chinese capital market and public companies. Mr. Huang is also an independent
           non-executive director of WH Group Limited, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Professor
           Huang received his bachelor’s degree in physics from Peking University, a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from
           Cornell University and a Ph.D. in finance from Stanford University.


           Louis T. Hsieh has served as our independent director since May 2014. From 2021 to 2024, Mr. Hsieh served
           as the global chief financial officer and board director of Hesai Technology (NASDAQ: HSAI), a global leader in
           3-D Lidar solutions. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Hsieh served as the global chief financial officer of Nio Inc. (NYSE:
           NIO), a leading electric car original equipment manufacturer. Mr. Hsieh has served as a board director of New
           Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. (NYSE: EDU), the largest provider of private educational services in
           China, since March 2007, and served as its chief financial officer from 2005 to 2015 and as its president from
           2009 to 2016. Mr. Hsieh also served as an independent director from 2016 to 2023, and chairman of the audit
           committee from 2016 to 2019, of YUM China Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: YUMC, HKEX: 9987), a leading operator
           of restaurant chains in China including KFC and Pizza Hut. From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Hsieh was the managing
           director and the Asia-Pacific tech/media/telecoms head of UBS Capital Asia Pacific, the private equity division
           of UBS AG. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Hsieh was a technology investment banker at JP Morgan in San Francisco,
           California, where he was a vice president, and Credit Suisse in Palo Alto, California, where he was an associate.
           From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Hsieh was a corporate and securities attorney at White & Case LLP in Los Angeles.
           Mr. Hsieh holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Stanford University, an MBA degree from the Harvard
           Business School, and a J.D. degree from the University of California at Berkeley.


           Dingbo Xu has served as our independent director since May 2018. Professor Xu has served as a faculty member
           and professor in highly respected universities for three decades. He is currently Essilor Chair Professor in
           Accounting and an Associate Dean at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS). Before joining CEIBS
           in 2004, he was an assistant professor of accounting at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
           from 1996 to 2003. In addition to his academic positions, Professor Xu is the vice-president of China Association
           of Chief Financial Officers, the executive director of the editorial board of China Management Accounting Review
           and the founding chairman of Charted Global Management Accountant (CGMA) 100 North Asia Leaders Think
           Tank. Professor Xu has also contributed his knowledge and expertise to the board of directors of several public
           companies. Apart from JD.com, Professor Xu currently serves on the board of directors of Midea Group Co.,
           Ltd., China Life Insurance (Group) Company and China Trust Protection Fund Co., Ltd. From September 2009 to
           April 2018, Professor Xu was a board member as an independent director of The People’s Insurance Company
           (Group) of China Limited (PICC), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; from December 2012 to


206   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




February 2019, he was an independent director of Shanghai Shyndec Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; from January 2013 to August 2019, he was an independent director of SANY
Heavy Industry, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; from June 2013 to September 2019, he was
an independent director of China Cinda Asset Management Co. Ltd., a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange; from September 2016 to September 2022, he was an independent director of Kweichow Moutai
Company Limited, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and from December 2015 to March 2023,
he was an independent director of Societe Generale (China) Ltd. Professor Xu received his Ph.D. in accounting
from the University of Minnesota, as well as a master’s degree in management and a bachelor’s degree in
mathematics, both from Wuhan University.


Caroline Scheufele has served as our independent director since June 2021. Ms. Scheufele has over 35 years
of experience in the watchmaking and jewelry industry and currently serves as the co-president and artistic
director of Chopard, one of the last family-run Swiss watch makers and jewelers. Since 1985, Ms. Scheufele
has held various leadership positions at Chopard, including leading Chopard’s ladies’ collections and developing
the jewelry section and later the high-end jewelry department at Chopard. Ms. Scheufele designed Chopard’s
first jewelry collection, Happy Diamonds, the Happy Sports watches featuring a world-first combination of
steel and diamonds, and the Haute Joaillerie Red Carpet and Animal World collections. Ms. Scheufele has
also contributed to Chopard’s international exposure by connecting its image with the world of cinema and
iconic events, such as the Cannes Film Festival. In 1998, she redesigned the Palme d’Or, the award piece for
the Cannes Film Festival, and made Chopard the official event partner onwards. Ms. Scheufele is a dedicated
philanthropist in support of charitable causes, such as the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amFAR)
and the José Carreras Leukemia Foundation. She has promoted corporate social responsibility including
Chopard’s membership in the Responsible Jewelry Council since 2010. Under the leadership of Ms. Scheufele,
Chopard has become one of the first brands to use raw materials that meet the highest possible social
and environmental standards and has supported Fairmined certified responsible gold. Ms. Scheufele was
honoured with both the annual Fashion 4 Development (F4D) Award and the BRAVO Business Award for
“Environmentalist of the Year” in 2014 and received the Designer of the Year Award at the second Sustainable
Style Gala in 2019. Ms. Scheufele holds a diploma from Geneva’s International School and decided to join the
family business where she took intensive classes in design and gemmology afterwards.


Carol Yun Yau Li has served as our independent director since September 2022. Ms. Li currently serves
as Assistant Dean of the Yale School of Management and Managing Director of Yale Center Beijing, Yale
University’s first university-wide center outside of the United States. Ms. Li also served as an independent
non-executive director of the board of JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEX: 2618), a consolidated subsidiary of JD.com,
from May 2021 to September 2022. From April 2008 to May 2012, Ms. Li was a Senior Vice President
at China Investment Corporation, China’s sovereign wealth fund, where she focused on private equity
investments. She started her career in investment banking at Credit Suisse First Boston in New York and
worked as an attorney at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and WilmerHale LLP, specializing in corporate, financial, and
transactional matters. Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and International Studies from Yale
University received in May 2000 and a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from Stanford University received in
June 2006. She is admitted to practice law in the State of New York and in the District of Columbia in the United
States. Ms. Li was named a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader in 2016. She is also a member of the
Hong Kong X-Tech Startup Platform Advisory Committee.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        207
      Part I (Continued)




           Grace Kun Ding has served as our independent director since August 2024. Ms. Ding has more than
           15 years of experience in strategic investment and branding consultancy. Since 2010, she has focused on
           retail chain branding and strategic investments in Europe and the Middle East. She is currently a strategic
           consulting service provider for cooperative retail suppliers on the British Land platform and an independent
           investor. Ms. Ding served as a strategic officer of Admire Elite. Ltd from March 2018 to March 2022 and
           has served as its Company Director since June 2022. Ms. Ding is well recognized in the fields of business
           and art. She studied at Central St. Martin’s College of Art in London and the University of London, majored
           in Philosophy and Art History. She subsequently obtained an EMBA degree from the London Business
           School. Over the years, Ms. Ding has been providing consulting services, particularly in branding strategics to
           international clients. She has also provided consulting services to a number of private art galleries.

           Jennifer Ngar-Wing Yu has served as our independent director since August 2024. Ms. Yu served as an
           independent non-executive director and a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination
           Committee of JD Logistics, Inc. from September 2022 to August 2024. Ms. Yu served as Deputy Vice
           Chairwoman of CTF Education Group (“CTFEG”) from May 2019 to July 2025 and the Group President of CTFEG
           from February 2021 to July 2025. She has served as Board Member of CTFEG since April 2025. Prior to her
           career in education, Ms. Yu worked in investment banking specializing in alternative investments structuring,
           origination and distribution to Asian institutional investors, corporates, private equity and fund managers. From
           2005 to 2009, Ms. Yu worked at Goldman Sachs Asia LLC (“Goldman Sachs”) and served as the Executive
           Director before co-founding ARCH Education Group in 2009. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Ms. Yu worked
           at J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited from 2003 to 2005. Ms. Yu has been committed to promoting
           educational development for more than a decade. She currently serves in the Dean’s Advisory Group at Harvard
           Graduate School of Education, and on the Board of Visitors of the Fu Foundation School of Engineering and
           Applied Science of Columbia University. She is also a member of the Council of The Hong Kong University of
           Science and Technology (HKUST), a member of the Courts of The University of Hong Kong, and a member of
           the Courts of Lingnan University. Ms. Yu received her Master of Education from Harvard University in May 2022
           and graduated magna cum laude from Columbia University with a Bachelor of Science in Operations Research
           and a minor in Economics in May 2003.

           Ian Su Shan has served as our chief financial officer since May 2023. Prior to his current role, he served as
           chief financial officer of JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEX: 2618). Mr. Shan joined JD.com in December 2021. Prior to
           that, Mr. Shan worked at Lavender Hill Capital Partners from October 2019 to November 2021 and served as a
           Managing Director from January 2021 to November 2021. He also worked in the TMT Group of the Investment
           Banking Division at Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. from 2015 to 2019 and served as an Executive Director from
           January 2017 to September 2019. Mr. Shan received his bachelor’s degree in laws from China University of
           Political Science and Law, and his master’s degree in laws from University of Warwick. Mr. Shan is a CFA
           charterholder.

      B.   Compensation
           In 2025, we paid or accrued an aggregate of approximately RMB247 million (US$35 million) in cash to our
           directors and executive officers as a group. We have not set aside or accrued any amount to provide pension,
           retirement or other similar benefits to our executive officers and directors. Our PRC subsidiaries and the
           consolidated variable interest entities are required by law to make contributions equal to certain percentages
           of each employee’s salary for his or her pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance and
           other statutory benefits and a housing provident fund.



208   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




We have put in place a comprehensive retirement plan for the eligible retiring salaried senior management
of our company based on years of employment and contributions to our company. This plan is designed to
strengthen the ability of our company to attract and retain persons of outstanding competence upon which,
in large measure, our continued growth and profitability depend. Eligible management employees of our
company will be entitled to certain benefits, including cash payments, incentive share award and incentive share
option, additional insurance programs and pension plans. In addition, we intend to hire certain eligible retiring
management employees of our company as consultants for a period of time following retirement to avail our
company of the consultant’s knowledge, expertise and experience.


Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Under these agreements, each
of our executive officers is employed for a specified time period. We may terminate employment for cause, at any
time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer, such as conviction or plea of
guilty to a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, negligent or dishonest acts to our detriment, or misconduct
or a failure to perform agreed duties. Without the foregoing causes, we may also terminate an executive officer’s
employment in accordance with the applicable law of the jurisdiction where the executive officer is based, and in
such case of termination by us, we will provide severance payments to the executive officer as expressly required
by such applicable law. The executive officer may resign at any time with a 30-day advance written notice.


Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or her
employment agreement, in strict confidence and not to use, except as required in the performance of his or
her duties in connection with the employment or pursuant to applicable law, any of our confidential information
or trade secrets, any confidential information or trade secrets of our clients or prospective clients, or the
confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which we have confidential
obligations. The executive officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all inventions, designs and
trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce to practice during the executive officer’s employment
with us and to assign all right, title and interest in them to us, and assist us in obtaining and enforcing patents,
copyrights and other legal rights for these inventions, designs and trade secrets.


In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions
during the term of his or her employment and typically for two years following the last date of employment.
Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to (i) approach our suppliers, clients, customers or contacts
or other persons or entities introduced to the executive officer in his or her capacity as a representative of us for
the purpose of doing business with such persons or entities that will harm our business relationships with these
persons or entities; (ii) assume employment with or provide services to any of our competitors, or engage, whether
as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, any of our competitors, without our express consent; or (iii) seek directly
or indirectly, to solicit the services of any of our employees who is employed by us on or after the date of the
executive officer’s termination, or in the year preceding such termination, without our express consent.


We have also entered into indemnification agreements with some of our directors and executive officers,
agreeing to indemnify them against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
claims made by reason of their being a director or officer of our company.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         209
      Part I (Continued)




           Share Incentive Plans
           Our Share Incentive Plans
           Our current share incentive plan, as amended from time to time, became effective on December 21,
           2023. We refer to this as the 2023 Plan. Our previous plan was adopted in November 2014 and expired on
           December 20, 2023. We refer to that plan as the 2014 Plan.


           The awards that were outstanding on the expiration date of the 2014 Plan remained in force according to
           the terms of the 2014 Plan and the applicable award agreement. As of December 31, 2025, the awards that
           had been granted under the 2014 Plan to our directors, officers, employees and consultants and remained
           outstanding included (i) restricted share units to receive an aggregate of 13,881,368 ordinary shares, excluding
           restricted share units that were forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the relevant grant date, and (ii) options
           to purchase an aggregate of 17,293,654 ordinary shares, excluding options that were forfeited, cancelled, or
           exercised after the relevant grant date.


           The maximum aggregate number of our shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards under the 2023
           Plan was 223,666,717 at the time of its adoption, which was equal to the unused balance under the 2014 Plan.
           On the first day of each new fiscal year during the term of the 2023 Plan, the number of shares reserved for
           future issuances under our 2023 Plan increases by a number equal to 1% of the total number of outstanding
           shares as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. The maximum aggregate number of our
           shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards under our 2023 Plan is 311,689,671 shares as of the date of
           this annual report.


           As of December 31, 2025, the awards that had been granted under the 2023 Plan to our directors, officers,
           employees and consultants and remained outstanding included (i) restricted share units to receive an aggregate
           of 57,981,698 ordinary shares, excluding restricted share units that were forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the
           relevant grant date, and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of 5,272,500 ordinary shares, excluding options
           that were forfeited, cancelled, or exercised after the relevant grant date.


           In May 2015, with the approval of the board of directors, our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, was
           granted an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company, at an exercise price
           of US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award
           vested on each anniversary of the grant date. In May 2025, with approval of our board of directors, Mr. Liu
           was granted an option to acquire a total of 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company at an exercise
           price of US$17.175 per share or US$34.35 per ADS, and 10,000,000 restricted share units, both subject to a
           5-year vesting schedule. The awards to our other directors and executive officers have two-year, three-year,
           four-year or six-year vesting schedules, mostly with an equal installment vesting at the end of each calendar
           year following the grant or on the anniversary of the grant date. Starting from 2016, certain awards had multiple
           tranches with tiered vesting commencement dates from 2016 to 2020, and each of the tranches was subject to
           a six-year vesting schedule.




210   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The following table summarizes, as of March 18, 2026, the number of ordinary shares under outstanding options
or restricted share units that we granted to our directors and executive officers.


                                            Ordinary
                                              shares
                                          underlying
                                          options or           Exercise                                 Date
                                           restricted              price              Date of              of
Name                                     share units       (US$/share)                  grant      expiration

                                          17,000,000              16.70              May 2015       May 2035
Richard Qiangdong Liu                      5,000,000             17.175        May 15, 2025      May 14, 2035
                                          10,000,000                N/A        May 15, 2025              N/A
                                               10,000               N/A          July 1, 2022            N/A
                                               10,000               N/A          July 1, 2023            N/A
Sandy Ran Xu                                   75,000               N/A         April 1, 2024            N/A
                                             200,000                N/A         April 1, 2025            N/A
                                               14,742               N/A          July 1, 2025            N/A
Louis T. Hsieh                                 14,934               N/A        May 22, 2024              N/A
Dingbo Xu                                      14,934               N/A        May 22, 2024              N/A
Caroline Scheufele                             30,526               N/A December 3, 2025                 N/A
Carol Yun Yau Li                               18,658               N/A         April 1, 2025            N/A
Grace Kun Ding                                 13,900               N/A      January 1, 2025             N/A
Jennifer Ngar-Wing Yu                          13,900               N/A      January 1, 2025             N/A
                                                5,000               N/A         April 1, 2023            N/A
                                                5,000               N/A          July 1, 2023            N/A
Ian Su Shan
                                               30,000               N/A         April 1, 2024            N/A
                                               40,000               N/A         April 1, 2025            N/A


The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2023 Plan.


Types of Awards. The 2023 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares, restricted share units or any
other type of awards that the committee or the board decides.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025    211
      Part I (Continued)




           Plan Administration. Our board of directors, our compensation committee or a sub-committee designated by our
           board will administer the 2023 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as applicable, will determine the
           participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be granted to each participant, and the terms
           and conditions of each award grant.


           Award Agreement. Awards granted under the 2023 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement that sets forth
           terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the award, the provisions
           applicable in the event of the grantee’s employment or service terminates, and our authority to unilaterally or
           bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the award.


           Eligibility. We may grant awards to our employees, directors and consultants. However, we may grant options
           that are intended to qualify as incentive share options only to our employees.


           Acceleration of Awards upon Change in Control. If a change in control of our company occurs, the plan
           administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for (i) all awards outstanding to terminate at a specific time in the
           future and give each participant the right to exercise the vested portion of such awards during a specific period of
           time, or (ii) the purchase of any award for an amount of cash equal to the amount that could have been attained
           upon the exercise of such award, or (iii) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by
           the plan administrator in its sole discretion, or (iv) payment of award in cash based on the value of ordinary shares
           on the date of the change-in-control transaction plus reasonable interest.


           Vesting Schedule. In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is specified in the
           award agreement.


           Exercise of Options. The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which is stated in
           the award agreement. The vested portion of option will expire if not exercised prior to the time as the plan
           administrator determines at the time of its grant.


           Transfer Restrictions. Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the recipient other than by will or the laws
           of descent and distribution, except as otherwise provided by the plan administrator.


           Termination of the 2023 Plan. Unless terminated earlier, the 2023 Plan will terminate automatically on
           December 20, 2033. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plan subject to
           shareholder approval to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with applicable law. Shareholder approval is
           required for any amendment to the 2023 Plan that increases the number of shares available under the 2023 Plan.


           Share Incentive Plans of our Consolidated Subsidiaries
           In addition, certain of our consolidated subsidiaries approved and adopted their own share incentive plans.


           JD Logistics adopted its own share incentive plans in 2018 and 2021, which permit the granting of stock
           options, restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Logistics to eligible participants. JD Logistics
           granted 224,511,105 and 30,030,446 share options for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021,
           respectively, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option was granted in 2023, 2024 and

212   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     2025. JD Logistics also granted restricted share units to eligible participants 55,937,435, 59,551,652, and
     48,581,929 restricted share units in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. In October 2020, options to acquire
     99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with an exercise price of US$0.01 per share were granted to Mr. Liu
     according to the JD Logistics’s share incentive plan. The grant is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of
     the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date.


     JD Health adopted its own share incentive plans in 2020, which permits the granting of stock options, restricted
     share units and other types of awards of JD Health to eligible participants. JD Health granted 94,770,812 share
     options in 2020, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option was granted in 2023, 2024 or
     2025. JD Health also granted restricted share units to eligible participants 6,051,558, 8,706,890 and 5,240,780
     restricted share units in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. In October 2020, options to acquire 53,042,516
     ordinary shares of JD Health with an exercise price of US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu
     according to the JD Health’s share incentive plan. The grant is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of
     the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date.


     JD Industrials adopted its own share incentive plans in 2021 and 2025, which permits the granting of stock
     options, restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Industrials to eligible participants. JD Industrials
     granted 90,629,636 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021. The restricted
     share units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on December 30, 2021. JD Industrials granted 47,915,455,
     20,209,266 and 14,201,056 share options to eligible participants for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
     and 2025, respectively.


     JD Property adopted its own share incentive plan in 2021, which permits the granting of stock options,
     restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Property to eligible participants. JD Property granted
     193,059,698 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021. The restricted share
     units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on November 25, 2021. JD Property granted 11,348,777, 8,414,710
     and 7,078,410 share options to eligible participants for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
     respectively. In October 2022, options to acquire 81,446,610 ordinary shares of JD Property with an exercise
     price of US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Property’ s share incentive plan,
     and the share options were fully vested on October 1, 2022.


C.   Board Practices
     Board of Directors
     Our board of directors consists of nine directors. A director is not required to hold any shares in our company
     by way of qualification. A director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or
     transaction or proposed contract or transaction with our company must declare the nature of his or her interest
     at a meeting of the directors. Subject to the Nasdaq Rules and disqualification by the chairman of the relevant
     board meeting, a director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction
     notwithstanding that he or she may be interested therein, and if he or she does so his or her vote will be
     counted and he or she may be counted in the quorum at the relevant board meeting at which such contract or
     transaction or proposed contract or transaction is considered. The directors may exercise all the powers of the
     company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and to issue


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        213
      Part I (Continued)




           debentures or other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation
           of the company or of any third party. None of our non-executive directors has a service contract with us that
           provides for benefits upon termination of service.


           Committees of the Board of Directors
           We have established four committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation
           committee, a nomination committee, and an environmental, social and governance (ESG) committee. We have
           adopted a charter for each of the four committees.


           Audit Committee
           Our audit committee consists of Louis T. Hsieh, Ming Huang and Dingbo Xu. Mr. Hsieh is the chairperson of
           our audit committee. We have determined that Mr. Hsieh, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu satisfy the “independence”
           requirements of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The audit committee
           oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our
           company. The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to
                 be performed by the independent auditors;

           •     reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;


           •     discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors;


           •     reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures
                 and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures;

           •     reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;


           •     meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and


           •     monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy
                 and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance.


           Compensation Committee
           Our compensation committee consists of Ming Huang, Carol Yun Yau Li and Grace Kun Ding. Mr. Huang is the
           chairperson of our compensation committee. We have determined that Mr. Huang, Ms. Li and Ms. Ding satisfy
           the “independence” requirements of Nasdaq. The compensation committee assists the board in reviewing
           and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and
           executive officers. Our chief executive officer may not be present at any committee meeting during which her
           compensation is deliberated. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for our chief
                 executive officer and other executive officers;


214   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




•    reviewing and recommending to the board for determination with respect to the compensation of our
     non-employee directors;


•    reviewing periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or similar
     arrangements; and


•    selecting compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into consideration all
     factors relevant to that person’s independence from management.


Nomination Committee
Our nomination committee consists of Dingbo Xu, Louis T. Hsieh, Caroline Scheufele and Grace Kun Ding.
Mr. Xu is the chairperson of our nomination committee. Mr. Xu, Mr. Hsieh, Ms. Scheufele and Ms. Ding satisfy
the “independence” requirements of Nasdaq. The nomination committee assists the board of directors in
selecting individuals qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its
committees. The nomination committee is responsible for, among other things:


•    selecting and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or appointment by
     the board;


•    reviewing annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics such
     as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity; and


•    making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the
     functioning of the committees of the board.


Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee
Our ESG committee consists of Richard Qiangdong Liu, Dingbo Xu, Carol Yun Yau Li and Jennifer Ngar-Wing
Yu. Mr. Liu is the chairperson of our ESG committee. The ESG committee assists the board of the directors in
overseeing the ESG relevant to our Company. The ESG committee is responsible for, among other things:


•    reviewing the formulation of our ESG vision, strategies, and plans, the progress of our ESG-related practice
     and internal control system, the objectives and implementation of our ESG-related work, as well as our
     annual ESG report;


•    overseeing the status of any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity threats to
     us and maintaining oversight of the disclosure related to cybersecurity matters of the periodic reports; and


•    advising the board periodically with regards to significant developments in the law and practice of
     corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and making
     recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any remedial action to
     be taken.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        215
      Part I (Continued)




           Terms of Directors and Executive Officers
           Our officers are elected by the board of directors. Our directors are appointed either by an ordinary resolution
           of our shareholders, or by a resolution of our board of directors (including the affirmative vote of Mr. Richard
           Qiangdong Liu for so long as he is a director). Our non-independent directors are not subject to a term of office
           and hold office until such time as they are removed from office by ordinary resolution of the shareholders. Our
           independent directors are subject to a contractual one-year term, which may be renewed for one additional year,
           unless either party provides a prior written notice to the other party before the initial term expires indicating the
           intention not to renew. A director will cease to be a director if, among other things, the director (i) becomes
           bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors; (ii) dies or is found by our company to
           be or becomes of unsound mind; (iii) resigns his office by notice in writing to our company; (iv) without special
           leave of absence from our board of directors, is absent from meetings of our board of directors for three
           consecutive meetings and the board resolves that his office be vacated; or (v) is removed from office pursuant
           to any other provision of our memorandum and articles of association.


           Board Diversity Matrix


                                             Board Diversity Matrix (as of March 18, 2026)

           Country of Principal Executive Offices                                   People’s Republic of China

           Foreign Private Issuer                                                               Yes

           Disclosure Prohibited Under Home Country Law                                         No

           Total Number of Directors                                                             9

                                                                                                                   Did Not
                                                                                                                   Disclose
                                                                      Female          Male          Non Binary      Gender
           Part I: Gender Identity

           Directors                                                     5              4               —              —

           Part II: Demographic Background

           Underrepresented Individual in Home Country
             Jurisdiction                                                                       —
           LGBTQ+                                                                               —
           Did Not Disclose Demographic Background                                              1




216   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




D.   Employees
     As of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, we had a total of 517,124, 570,895 and 776,682 employees,
     respectively. The following is a breakdown of our employees as of December 31, 2025 by function:


     Function                                                                                                  Number

     Procurement                                                                                                 43,930
     Warehouses and Delivery                                                                                    642,940
     Customer Service                                                                                            33,462
     Research and Development                                                                                    17,145
     Sales and Marketing                                                                                         26,241
     General and Administrative                                                                                  12,964

     Total employees                                                                                            776,682

     Part-time staff and interns; personnel of affiliates                                                       174,738

     Total personnel of JD Ecosystem                                                                            951,420


     As a testament to our unwavering commitment to creating more jobs and making contributions to the society,
     the aggregate number of personnel under the JD Ecosystem amounted to 951,420 as of December 31, 2025,
     including our employees, part-time staff and interns, as well as personnel of our affiliates in the JD Ecosystem.
     JD Ecosystem is a closely integrated business network providing comprehensive service for our customers
     and comprises our company and certain affiliates who share the “JD” brand name, currently including
     JD Technology and Allianz Jingdong General Insurance Company Ltd., an insurance provider.

     With so many employees, we place great emphasis on our corporate culture to ensure that we maintain
     consistently high standards everywhere we operate.


     We invest resources in the recruitment of employees in support of our fast-growing business operations. In 2025,
     we recruited new employees in connection with the expansion of our business, and we will continue to invest
     resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. In 2025, we have invested a considerable amount
     of resources in employee career development and training. We have clear talent criteria and have applied them
     to the whole process of talent management. In the talent management activities throughout the year, we not
     only pay attention to the improvement of employees’ ability and quality, but also pay special attention to incentive
     development, in particularly emphasized the mindset of “contributor-oriented,” so that to enable all kinds of talents
     to have a “sense of goal” and “sense of fulfillment.” We lay special emphasis on the building of talent pipeline
     and the building of organizational cultural cohesion. We have established a comprehensive employee training and
     development system covering culture, leadership, general competencies, and professional competencies. Our
     comprehensive training program covers corporate culture, employee rights and responsibilities, team building,
     professional behavior, job performance, management skills, leadership, and administrative decision-making. As of
     December 31, 2025, over 1,400 management trainees had undergone our dedicated management training program.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         217
      Part I (Continued)




           We also sponsored selected senior and mid-level managers to participate in part-time EMBA programs. In
           addition, we launched “College Education with JD” program in association with well-known universities in
           November 2013. All employees are eligible to join the program voluntarily and get scholarship from us once they
           obtain their bachelor’s or master’s diploma. To boost our strategy of exploring oversea markets, we also have
           been recruiting international management trainees who are MBA graduates from top universities worldwide.


           As required by regulations in China, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit
           plans, including social insurance funds, namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an
           unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a
           housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to contribute to employee benefit plans at specified
           percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees up to a maximum amount
           specified by the local government from time to time.


           We enter into standard labor contracts with our employees. We also enter into standard confidentiality and
           non-compete agreements with our senior management. The non-compete restricted period typically expires
           within two years after the termination of employment, and we agree to compensate the employee with a certain
           percentage of his or her pre-departure salary during the restricted period.


           We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any
           major labor disputes.


      E.   Share Ownership
           The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
           March 18, 2026 by:


           •     each of our directors and executive officers; and


           •     each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our total outstanding shares.


           The calculations in the table below are based on 2,731,641,465 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 18,
           2026, comprising of (i) 2,409,875,383 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 65,625,140 Class A ordinary shares,
           which consisted of shares issued to our depositary bank for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances
           upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under our share incentive plans and shares repurchased but not
           yet cancelled), and (ii) 321,766,082 Class B ordinary shares.


           Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In computing the
           number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership and voting power percentage
           of that person, we have included shares and associated votes that the person has the right to acquire within
           60 days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other
           security. These shares and associated votes, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage
           ownership of any other person. Ordinary shares held by a shareholder are determined in accordance with our
           register of members.



218   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                       Part I (Continued)




                                             Class A                Class B                   Total           % of Total                     % of
                                           Ordinary               Ordinary               Ordinary               Ordinary            Aggregate
                                              Shares                 Shares                 Shares                 Shares        Voting Power

Directors and Executive
      Officers:
Richard Qiangdong Liu(1)                  42,974,550(1)       305,630,780(1)         348,605,330(1)                    12.7(1)               73.1(2)
Sandy Ran Xu(3)                              495,084                        —              495,084                         *                    **
Ming Huang          (4)
                                               50,142                       —               50,142                         *                    **
Louis T. Hsieh(5)                              98,194                       —               98,194                         *                    **
Dingbo Xu(6)                                   60,956                       —               60,956                         *                    **
Caroline Scheufele                 (7)
                                               42,438                       —               42,438                         *                    **
Carol Yun Yau Li             (8)
                                               36,168                       —               36,168                         *                    **
Grace Kun Ding(9)                               8,316                       —                 8,316                        *                    **
Jennifer Ngar-Wing Yu(10)                       8,316                       —                 8,316                        *                    **
Ian Su Shan         (11)
                                               89,680                       —               89,680                         *                    **
All Directors and
      Executive Officers
      as a Group                          43,863,844          305,630,780            349,494,624                       12.7                  73.1(2)
Principal Shareholders:
Max Smart Limited(12)                     22,974,550          305,630,780            328,605,330                       12.0                  69.4
BlackRock, Inc.            (13)
                                         141,154,983                        —        141,154,983                        5.2                    1.6
Fortune Rising Holdings
      Limited(14)                                    —          16,135,302             16,135,302                       0.6                    3.6

*        Less than 0.1% of our total outstanding ordinary shares.


**       Less than 0.1% of our aggregate voting right.


***      Unless otherwise disclosed below, the business address of our directors and executive officers is JD national headquarters at No. 18
         Kechuang 11 Street, Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone, Daxing District, Beijing 101111, P.R. China.


(1)      Represents (i) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing 22,974,550
         Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, and (iii) 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Liu had the right to acquire upon
         exercise of options or vesting of RSUs that had vested by or shall have become vested within 60 days after March 18, 2026. As of March 18,
         2026, Mr. Liu has not exercised his right to acquire such Class A ordinary shares. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company
         beneficially owned by The Max Smart Trust. Mr. Liu is the settlor of the trust whose beneficiaries are Mr. Liu’s family, as described in
         footnote (12) below. The number and percentage of total shares do not include 16,135,302 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising
         Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, as described in footnote (14) below. The business address of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is
         1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong, China.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025               219
      Part I (Continued)




           (2)    The aggregate voting power includes the voting power with respect to the 16,135,302 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising
                  Holdings Limited. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited and he may be
                  deemed to exercise the voting power with respect to all of the ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited in accordance with the
                  rules and regulations of the SEC, notwithstanding the facts described in footnote (14) below.


           (3)    Represents (i) 203,032 ADSs, representing 406,064 Class A ordinary shares held by Ms. Xu and (ii) 89,020 Class A ordinary shares that Ms. Xu
                  had the right to acquire upon vesting of RSUs that shall have become vested within 60 days after March 18, 2026.


           (4)    Represents 25,071 ADSs, representing 50,142 Class A ordinary shares held by Mr. Huang. The business address of Mr. Huang is 22 W
                  66th Street, New York, NY 10023, United States.


           (5)    Represents 49,097 ADSs, representing 98,194 Class A ordinary shares held by Mr. Hsieh. The business address of Mr. Hsieh is
                  The Harbourside, Tower 2, 37-B, I Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong, China.


           (6)    Represents 30,478 ADSs, representing 60,956 Class A ordinary shares held by Professor Xu. The business address of Professor Xu is Building
                  20, Zhongguancun Software Park, 8 Dongbeiwang West Road, Haidian District, Beijing, China.


           (7)    Represents 21,219 ADSs, representing 42,438 Class A ordinary shares held by Ms. Scheufele. The business address of Ms. Scheufele is
                  Chopard & Cie SA, Rue de Veyrot 8, 1217 Meyrin, Switzerland.


           (8)    Represents 18,084 ADSs, representing 36,168 Class A ordinary shares held by Ms. Li. The business address of Ms. Li is Tower B 36/F,
                  8 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.


           (9)    Represents 4,158 ADSs, representing 8,316 Class A ordinary shares held by Ms. Ding. The business address of Ms. Ding is 5 Interchange
                  Park, Robinson Way, Portsmouth, England, PO3 5QD, United Kingdom.


           (10)   Represents 4,158 ADSs, representing 8,316 Class A ordinary shares held by Ms. Yu. The business address of Ms. Yu is Unit 1101,
                  11/F Tower A, 83 King Lam Street, Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong, China.


           (11)   Represents (i) 33,590 ADSs, representing 67,180 Class A ordinary shares held by Mr. Shan and (ii) 22,500 Class A ordinary shares that
                  Mr. Shan had the right to acquire upon vesting of RSUs that shall have become vested within 60 days after March 18, 2026.


           (12)   Represents (i) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited and (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing 22,974,550
                  Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by The Max
                  Smart Trust. Mr. Liu is the settlor of the trust whose beneficiaries are Mr. Liu’s family. The registered address of Max Smart Limited is
                  P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.


           (13)   Represents 141,154,983 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by BlackRock, Inc. as of December 31, 2025 as reported by the Schedule
                  13G filed by BlackRock, Inc. with the SEC on January 21, 2026. BlackRock, Inc. is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
                  Delaware, United States. Its address is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001.


           (14)   Represents 16,135,302 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds these Class B
                  ordinary shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants according to our awards under our share incentive plans,
                  and administers the awards and acts according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited exercises the voting power with respect to
                  these shares according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Mr. Richard
                  Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. The registered address of Fortune Rising
                  Holdings Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.



           To our knowledge, as of March 18, 2026, a total of 901,880,687 Class A ordinary shares were held by four
           record holders in the United States, and one of these holders is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
           the depositary of our ADS program, which held 36.4% of our Class A ordinary shares on record, representing
           approximately 32.2% of our total issued shares on record as of March 18, 2026 (including shares issued to it


220   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




     for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under
     our share incentive plans, shares repurchased but not yet cancelled, and the Class A ordinary shares held in our
     Hong Kong register of members). The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the United States is likely to
     be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the United States.


     Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class A
     ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to
     twenty votes per share. Holders of Class A and Class B ordinary shares vote together as one class on all matters
     subject to a shareholders’ vote. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any
     time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under
     any circumstance. See “Additional Information — Memorandum and Articles of Association” for a more detailed
     description of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.


     We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of our
     company.


F.   Disclosure of A Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation
     Not applicable.


Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
A.   Major Shareholders
     Please refer to “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Share Ownership.”


B.   Related Party Transactions
     Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities and Their Shareholders
     PRC laws and regulations currently limit foreign ownership of companies that engage in businesses such as
     value-added telecommunications service business in China. Due to these restrictions, we operate the relevant
     portion of our business through contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities. For a
     description of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”


     Agreements and Transactions Relating to JD Technology
     On June 20, 2020, JD Technology adopted a dual class voting structure. The shares held by Mr. Richard
     Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten votes per
     share, while Mr. Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party transaction
     with JD Technology.


     On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization
     of JD Cloud & AI. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and certain assets
     together valued at approximately RMB15.7 billion to JD Technology, in exchange for newly issued ordinary
     shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud & AI, we also transferred
     some equipment and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees of JD Cloud & AI, for which
     JD Technology paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud &


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        221
      Part I (Continued)




           AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity interest in JD Technology
           increased from 36.8% to 41.7%.


           From September to December 2024, JD Technology conducted the JD Technology Redemption Arrangement
           as described in “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Major
           Investments.” As of December 31, 2025, our equity interest in JD Technology further increased to 54.9% as a
           result of the JD Technology Redemption Arrangement.


           Please see “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company” for further information.


           Set forth below is a summary of the key provisions of the currently effective material agreements between us
           and JD Technology.


           Shareholders Agreement. The shareholders agreement of JD Technology provides for certain special rights,
           including preemptive right and right to consent for certain matters and contains provisions governing the board
           of directors and other corporate governance matters.


           Non-Compete Agreement. We and JD Technology have each agreed to certain limitations on our respective
           ability to enter into or participate in the same line of business as the other party. JD Technology may not
           engage in the e-commerce business conducted by us or our subsidiaries without our prior written consent,
           unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the common control of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu. Without
           the prior written consent of JD Technology, we are restricted from engaging in the financial products, financial
           derivatives, and other financial-related businesses operated by JD Technology and its subsidiaries, including
           consumer finance, supply chain finance, third party payment, factoring, insurance brokerage and agency, crowd
           funding (including product and equity crowd funding), wealth management, securities brokerage, banking,
           financial leasing, asset management, and credit reporting, unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the
           common control of Mr. Liu. We, however, may make passive investments in competing businesses which we
           do not control.


           Business Transactions with JD Technology and its Subsidiaries
           JD Technology is a related party controlled by our chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Richard Qiangdong
           Liu, through his equity stake and voting arrangements in JD Technology. In 2023, 2024 and 2025, we provided
           services and sold goods to JD Technology in a total amount of RMB1,696 million, RMB1,701 million and
           RMB1,779 million (US$254 million), respectively. In 2023, 2024 and 2025, we received payment processing
           and other services provided by JD Technology in the amount of RMB13,833 million, RMB13,693 million and
           RMB15,511 million (US$2,218 million), respectively. In 2023, 2024 and 2025, interest income in the amount
           of RMB287 million, nil and RMB14 million (US$2 million) was recognized in relation to the financial support
           provided to JD Technology by us, respectively. JD Technology performs the credit risk assessment services
           and earns fees for providing such services, and JD Technology purchases the consumer financing receivables
           past due over certain agreed period of time from us at carrying values without recourse and also agree to bear
           other cost directly related to the consumer financing to absorb the risks. In connection with the agreements,




222   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




the total amount of over-due receivables related to the consumer financing sold from us to JD Technology were
RMB240 million, RMB176 million and RMB106 million (US$15 million) for the years ended December 31, 2023,
2024 and 2025, respectively.


We also transferred certain financial assets to JD Technology without recourse at fair value. The amount
of accounts receivables transferred without recourse in 2023, 2024 and 2025 were RMB55,028 million,
RMB56,202 million and RMB72,032 million (US$10,300 million), respectively, and were derecognized.


As of December 31, 2025, we had a total amount of RMB1,129 million (US$161 million) due from
JD Technology.


Transactions with Our Equity Investees and Other Related Parties
Business Transactions with the Property Funds. JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and
integrated service platform, owns, develops and manages our logistics facilities and other real estate properties
to support JD Logistics and third parties. Since 2019, we entered into definitive agreements with the Property
Funds, pursuant to which we sold certain of our completed and uncompleted logistics facilities.


For the logistics facilities under the Property Funds that met the closing conditions, we recorded a disposal
gain of RMB2.3 billion, RMB1.5 billion and RMB0.4 billion (US$0.1 billion) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
We will derecognize the remaining logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition. In addition,
subsequent to the disposition, we have leased back the completed facilities from the Property Funds for
operational purposes, and JD Property has started serving as the asset manager managing the Property Funds’
assets. We will also lease back some of the facilities that sale to the Property Funds for operational purposes
when such facility has been completed. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating
Results — Selected Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” We provided
services to the Property Funds in a total amount of RMB177 million, RMB208 million and RMB210 million
(US$30 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, and received lease and property management services
from the Property Funds in a total amount of RMB1,681 million, RMB1,765 million and RMB1,843 million
(US$264 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Interest income in the amount of RMB56 million, RMB48
million and RMB42 million (US$6 million) was recognized in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, in connection
with our financial support provided to the Property Funds. As of December 31, 2025, we had an amount of
RMB790 million (US$113 million) due from the Property Funds.


Our transactions with equity investees other than those discussed above were insignificant, individually or in the
aggregate, in each of the past three fiscal years.


In addition, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman of the board of directors, has purchased his own aircraft
for both business and personal use. The use of the aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty as
employee is free of charge to us, and we have agreed to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operations
of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such maintenance and incidental costs were insignificant for all
periods presented.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         223
      Part I (Continued)




           Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


           Share Incentives
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


      C.   Interests of Experts and Counsel
           Not applicable.


      Financial Information
      A.   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information
           We have appended consolidated financial statements filed as part of this annual report.

           Legal Proceedings
           From time to time, we may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings relating to
           third-party and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving suppliers
           and third-party merchants, consumer protection claims, claims relating to data and privacy protection,
           employment related disputes, unfair competition and other matters in the ordinary course of our business. See
           “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We may be subject to legal, regulatory
           and/or administrative proceedings.”

           Dividend Policy
           Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
           memorandum and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition,
           our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, but no dividend may exceed the amount
           recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out
           of either profit or share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would
           result in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Even if
           our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future
           operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
           and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.


           In May 2022, we declared a special cash dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share, or US$1.26 per ADS,
           for an aggregate amount of approximately US$2.0 billion. In March 2023, as we commenced our annual
           dividend policy, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.31 per ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, for an
           aggregate amount of approximately US$1.0 billion. In March 2024, we declared an annual cash dividend for
           the year ended December 31, 2023 of US$0.38 per ordinary share, or US$0.76 per ADS, for an aggregate
           amount of approximately US$1.2 billion. In March 2025, we declared an annual cash dividend for the year
           ended December 31, 2024 of US$0.50 per ordinary share, or US$1.00 per ADS, for an aggregate amount
           of approximately US$1.44 billion. In March 2026, we declared an annual cash dividend for the year ended
           December 31, 2025 of US$0.5 per ordinary share, or US$1.0 per ADS, for an aggregate amount of approximately
           US$1.4 billion based on the number of shares on record date.


224   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     Under our annual dividend policy, we may choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, at an
     amount determined in relation to our financial performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors. The
     determination to make dividend distributions in any particular year will be made at the discretion of our board of
     directors based upon factors such as our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, business strategies
     and prospects, capital requirements, regulatory constraints to the extent relevant, availability of foreign currency
     and other considerations that the board deems relevant.


     We are a holding company registered by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. We may
     rely on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for our cash requirements, including any payment of dividends
     to our shareholders. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. See
     “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We may rely on dividends and
     other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
     have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and
     adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”


     If we pay any dividends on our ordinary shares, we will pay those dividends which are payable in respect of the
     ordinary shares underlying our ADSs to the depositary, as the registered holder of such ordinary shares, and
     the depositary will then pay such amounts to our ADS holders in proportion to the ordinary shares underlying
     the ADSs held by such ADS holders, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and
     expenses payable thereunder. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars.

B.   Significant Changes
     Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes since the
     date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

The Offer and Listing
A.   Offering and Listing Details
     Our ADSs, each representing two of our Class A ordinary shares, have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22,
     2014. Our ADSs trade under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under the
     stock code “9618.” Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 19, 2023 under the stock
     code “89618.”

B.   Plan of Distribution
     Not applicable.


C.   Markets
     Our ADSs have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22, 2014 under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under the
     stock code “9618.” Our RMB counter was launched and became effective since June 19, 2023 under the stock
     code “89618.”

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        225
      Part I (Continued)




      D.   Selling Shareholders
           Not applicable.


      E.   Dilution
           Not applicable.


      F.   Expenses of the Issue
           Not applicable.


      Additional Information
      A.   Share Capital
           Not applicable.


      B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association
           We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability and our affairs are governed by our
           memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time, and the Companies Act
           (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, which is referred to as the Companies Act below, and the common law of
           the Cayman Islands.


           The following are summaries of material provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association,
           which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual general meeting of our company held on
           June 21, 2023, insofar as they relate to the material terms of our ordinary shares.


           Registered Office and Objects
           Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited at
           PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other location within the
           Cayman Islands as our board of directors may from time to time decide. The objects for which our company is
           established are unrestricted and we have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the
           Companies Act, as amended from time to time, or any other law of the Cayman Islands.


           Board of Directors
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices.”


           Ordinary Shares
           General. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable.


           Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in our register of members.
           Our shareholders who are nonresidents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their ordinary
           shares. Our company will issue only non-negotiable shares, and will not issue bearer or negotiable shares.




226   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Ordinary Shares. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.
Holders of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will have the same rights except for
voting and conversion rights. Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form. Our shareholders who are
non-residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their shares.


Conversion. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder
thereof. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances.
Upon (i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting
power attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any
person or entity that is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of
such holder, or (ii) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued
and outstanding voting securities or the voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer,
assignment or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is
an entity to any person or entity that is not an Affiliate of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be
automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary
shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares when
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be a director and the chief executive officer of our company, or in some
other specified situations as set out in our memorandum and articles of association.


Dividends. The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
of directors. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may
exceed the amount recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, dividends may be declared
and paid only out of funds legally available therefor, namely out of either profit or our share premium account,
and provided further that a dividend may not be paid if this would result in our company being unable to pay
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Dividends received by each Class B ordinary share
and Class A ordinary share in any dividend distribution shall be the same.


Voting Rights. Our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as may otherwise be required by law or provided for
in our current memorandum and articles of association. In respect of matters requiring shareholders’ vote, on
a poll, each Class A ordinary share is entitled to one vote, and each Class B ordinary share is entitled to twenty
votes, except for where any holder of such shares are required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules to abstain from
voting to approve the matter under consideration. Voting at any shareholders’ meeting is by show of hands
unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded. A poll may be
demanded by the chairman of such meeting or any shareholder holding not less than 10% of the votes of the
issued and outstanding voting shares in our company present in person or by proxy.


A quorum required for a meeting of shareholders consists of one or more shareholders present in person or by
proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative, and holding shares
which represent, in aggregate, (i) not less than 10% of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares
of our Company, for as long as the shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or (ii) otherwise




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        227
      Part I (Continued)




           not less than one-third of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares of our company and entitled
           to vote, present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized
           representative, shall be quorum for all purposes. Shareholders may be present in person or by proxy or, if the
           shareholder is a legal entity, by its duly authorized representative.


           An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority
           of the votes cast by those shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general
           meeting. Holders of the ordinary shares may, among other things, divide or consolidate their shares by ordinary
           resolution. A special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than two-thirds of the votes cast by
           those shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting. A special
           resolution will be required for important matters such as a change of name or making changes to our current
           memorandum and articles of association. Both ordinary resolutions and special resolutions may also be
           passed by a unanimous written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our company, as permitted by the
           Companies Act and our current memorandum and articles of association.


           Under our current memorandum and articles of association, so long as the total issued and outstanding
           Class B ordinary shares constitute a majority of our aggregate voting rights of our company and shareholders
           of our company immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering (exclusive of Max Smart
           Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) hold a majority of
           our total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, any amendments to our current memorandum and
           articles of association and certain related party transactions between Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu or any of his
           immediate family members or Affiliates, on one hand, and our company or any of our company’s subsidiaries
           or consolidated affiliated entities on the other hand, require approval by both (i) holders of a majority of the
           total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (exclusive of Max Smart Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings
           Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) and (ii) holders of a majority of our aggregate voting
           rights in addition to a special resolution (in the case of amendments to our memorandum and articles of
           association) or an ordinary resolution (in any other case).


           Liquidation. On a winding up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among our shareholders
           shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the winding up,
           the surplus will be distributed among our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them
           at the commencement of the winding up, subject to a deduction from those shares in respect of which there
           are monies due, of all monies payable to our company for unpaid calls or otherwise. If our assets available for
           distribution are insufficient to repay all of the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses
           are borne by our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them.


           Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares. Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon
           shareholders for any amounts unpaid on their shares. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid
           are subject to forfeiture.




228   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares. We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject
to redemption, at our option or at the option of the holders thereof, on such terms and in such manner as
may be determined, before the issue of such shares, by our board of directors or by a special resolution of our
shareholders. Our company may also repurchase any of our shares provided that the manner and terms of such
purchase have been approved by our board of directors or by ordinary resolution of our shareholders, or are
otherwise authorized by our current memorandum and articles of association. Under the Companies Act, the
redemption or repurchase of any share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the proceeds of a
fresh issue of shares made for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or out of capital (including share
premium account and capital redemption reserve) if our company can, immediately following such payment,
pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. In addition, under the Companies Act no such
share may be redeemed or repurchased (a) unless it is fully paid up, (b) if such redemption or repurchase would
result in there being no shares issued and outstanding, or (c) if the company has commenced liquidation. In
addition, our company may accept the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.


Variations of Rights of Shares. The rights attached to any class of shares (unless otherwise provided by the
terms of issue of the shares of that class or series), may only be materially adversely varied with the consent in
writing of the holders of a majority of the issued shares of that class or series or with the sanction of a special
resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.


Anti-Takeover Provisions. Some provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association may
discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or management that shareholders may
consider favorable, including provisions that:


•    authorize our board of directors to issue preference shares in one or more series and to designate the
     price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of such preference shares without any further vote or
     action by our shareholders; and


•    limit the ability of shareholders to requisition and convene general meetings of shareholders.


However, under Cayman Islands law, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them
under our current memorandum and articles of association for a proper purpose and for what they believe in
good faith to be in the best interests of our company.


General Meetings of Shareholders and Shareholder Proposals. Our shareholders’ general meetings may be held
in such place within or outside the Cayman Islands as our board of directors considers appropriate. Our current
memorandum and articles of association provide that we shall in each year hold a general meeting as our annual
general meeting within six months (or such other period as may be permitted by the Hong Kong Listing Rules
or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) after the end of the Company’s financial year, for as long as our
Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        229
      Part I (Continued)




           Shareholders’ annual general meetings and any other general meetings of our shareholders may be convened
           by a majority of our board of directors or our chairman. An annual general meeting shall be called by not less
           than 21 days’ notice in writing. For any other general meeting (including any extraordinary general meeting), at
           least 14 days’ notice, for as long as our Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           or otherwise at least 7 days’ notice, shall be given to those persons whose names appear as members in our
           register of members on the date the notice is given (or on any other date determined by our directors to be the
           record date for such meeting) and who are entitled to vote at the meeting.


           Cayman Islands law provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting, and does not
           provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting. However, these rights may
           be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our current memorandum and articles of association allow
           one or more of our shareholders holding shares representing in aggregate (i) no less than 10%, on a one vote
           per share basis, for as long as our Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or
           (ii) otherwise not less than one-third, of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares which, as at that
           date of the deposit, carry the right to vote at general meetings of our company, to requisition an extraordinary
           general meeting of our shareholders, in which case our directors are obliged to call such meeting and to put
           the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting; however, our current memorandum and articles of
           association do not provide our shareholders with any right to put any proposals before annual general meetings
           or extraordinary general meetings not called by such shareholders.


           Limitations on the Right to Own Shares. There are no limitations on the right to own our shares.


           Transfer of Shares. Any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her ordinary shares by an instrument
           of transfer in the usual or common form or any other form approved by our board of directors.


           However, our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any ordinary
           share which is not fully paid up or on which our company has a lien. Our board of directors may also decline to
           register any transfer of any ordinary share unless:


           •     the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary shares to
                 which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right
                 of the transferor to make the transfer;


           •     the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares;


           •     the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;


           •     the ordinary shares transferred are free of any lien in favor of us;


           •     any fee related to the transfer has been paid to us; or


           •     in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the transfer is not to more than four joint holders.


230   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




If our directors refuse to register a transfer they are required, within three months after the date on which the
instrument of transfer was lodged, to send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal.


Directors’ Power to Issue Shares. Our current memorandum and articles of association authorize our board of
directors to issue additional ordinary shares from time to time as our board of directors shall determine, to the
extent of available authorized but unissued shares.


Our current memorandum and articles of association also authorize our board of directors to establish from time
to time one or more series of preference shares and to determine, with respect to any series of preference
shares, the terms and rights of that series, including:


•    the designation of the series;


•    the number of shares of the series;


•    the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights; and


•    the rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences.


Our board of directors may issue preference shares without action by our shareholders to the extent of available
authorized but unissued shares. Issuance of these shares may dilute the voting power of holders of ordinary shares.


Exempted Company. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies
Act in the Cayman Islands distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any
company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may
apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the
same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:


•    an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of
     Companies;


•    an exempted company’s register of members is not required to be open to inspection;


•    an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;


•    an exempted company may issue no par value shares;


•    an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such
     undertakings are given for up to 30 years);


•    an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in
     the Cayman Islands;


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        231
      Part I (Continued)




           •     an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and


           •     an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.


           “Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder
           on that shareholder’s shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
           establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a
           court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). We are subject to reporting and other informational
           requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable to foreign private issuers. Except as otherwise disclosed in this
           annual report, we currently intend to comply with the Nasdaq rules in lieu of following home country practice.


           Register of Members. Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there should be
           entered therein:


           •     the names and addresses of our members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member,
                 and such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of
                 each member, (ii) the number and category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant
                 category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company,
                 and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional;


           •     the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and


           •     the date on which any person ceased to be a member.


           Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set
           out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless
           rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members is deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to
           have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members.


           If the name of any person is incorrectly entered in or omitted from our register of members, or if there is any
           default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member
           of our company, the person or member aggrieved (or any member of our company or our company itself) may
           apply to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for an order that the register be rectified, and the Court may
           either refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order for the rectification
           of the register.


      C.   Material Contracts
           Other than in the ordinary course of business and other than those described under “Information on the
           Company” or “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions” or elsewhere
           in this annual report, we have not entered into any material contract during the two years immediately preceding
           the date of this annual report.




232   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




D.   Exchange Controls
     See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Foreign
     Exchange.”


E.   Taxation
     The following is a general summary of certain Cayman Islands, PRC, Hong Kong S.A.R. and United States
     federal income tax consequences relevant to an investment in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. The
     discussion is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective
     purchaser. The discussion is based on laws and interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual
     report, all of which are subject to change or different interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect. The
     discussion does not address U.S. state or local tax laws, or tax laws of jurisdictions other than the Cayman
     Islands, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong S.A.R. and the United States. You should consult your own
     tax advisors with respect to the consequences of acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ADSs and Class
     A ordinary shares.


     Cayman Islands Taxation
     The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains
     or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes
     likely to be material to holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the government of the Cayman Islands
     except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought within
     the jurisdiction of, the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties which are
     applicable to any payments made by or to our company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency
     restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


     Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares will not be subject to taxation in the
     Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of our
     ADSs or ordinary shares, nor will gains derived from the disposal of our ADSs or ordinary shares be subject to
     Cayman Islands income or corporation tax.


     People’s Republic of China Taxation
     Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
     of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will be
     subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules define
     the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall
     management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the
     State Taxation Administration issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria
     for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated
     offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
     enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria set
     forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position on how the “de facto
     management body” text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises.
     According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        233
      Part I (Continued)




           group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China only
           if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in
           the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject
           to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and
           records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at
           least 50% of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


           We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC
           tax purposes. JD.com, Inc. is not controlled by a PRC enterprise or PRC enterprise group and we do not believe
           that JD.com, Inc. meets all of the conditions above. JD.com, Inc. is a company incorporated outside the PRC. As
           a holding company, its key assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries, and its key assets are located,
           and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions of its shareholders) are
           maintained, outside the PRC. For the same reasons, we believe our other subsidiaries outside of China are not
           PRC resident enterprises either. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination
           by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto
           management body.”


           If the PRC tax authorities determine that JD.com, Inc. is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax
           purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from dividends we pay to our shareholders
           that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise
           shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a 10% PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the
           sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC.
           In addition, gains derived by our non-PRC individual shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be
           subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our
           ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in
           the event we are determined to be a PRC resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to dividends realized
           by non-PRC individuals, it would generally apply at a rate of 20% unless a reduced rate is available under an
           applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able
           to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that
           JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.


           Provided that our Cayman Islands holding company, JD.com, Inc., is not deemed to be a PRC resident
           enterprise, holders of our ADSs and ordinary shares who are not PRC residents will not be subject to PRC
           income tax on dividends distributed by us or gains realized from the sale or other disposition of our shares or
           ADSs. STA Circular 7 further clarifies that, if a non-resident enterprise derives income by acquiring and selling
           shares in an offshore listed enterprise in the public market, such income will not be subject to PRC tax. In
           addition, STA Public Notice 37 provided certain key changes to the previous withholding regime, such as (i) the
           withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on the date on which the payment is
           actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the dividends, (ii) non-resident enterprises
           are not obligated to report tax to the authorities if their withholding agents fail to perform the withholding
           obligation is removed. However, there is uncertainty as to the application of STA Public Notice 37 and STA
           Circular 7, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being required to file a return and being


234   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




taxed under STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 and we may be required to expend valuable resources to
comply with STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 or to establish that we should not be taxed under STA
Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in
China — We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
by their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.”


Hong Kong Taxation
Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are eligible to elect a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable
income generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. If elected, the first HK$2 million
of assessable profits by our subsidiaries in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%)
while the remaining assessable profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. We analyze on
the foreign-sourced income, mainly dividend and interest, accrued to its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, apply for
Commissioner’s Opinion/Advance Ruling with the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong on fulfillment of
exception requirements under Foreign-Sourced Income Exemption regime and pay tax for the income subject to
Hong Kong Profits Tax, if any.


Our principal register of members is maintained by our principal share registrar in the Cayman Islands, and our
Hong Kong register of members is maintained by the Hong Kong Share Registrar in Hong Kong.


Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares registered on our Hong Kong Share Register are subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is charged to each of the seller and purchaser at the rate of 0.13% before
November 17, 2023 and 0.1% on and after November 17, 2023 of the consideration for, or (if greater) the value
of, our Class A ordinary shares transferred. In other words, a total of 0.2% is currently payable on a typical sale
and purchase transaction of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, a fixed duty of HK$5.00 is charged on each
instrument of transfer (if required).


To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
we have moved a portion of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong
Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs
constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. See “Key Information —
Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — There is uncertainty as to whether
Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs.”


United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following discussion is a summary of United States federal income tax considerations relating to the
ownership and disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that holds our
ADSs or ordinary shares as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based on the tax laws of the
United States as in effect on the date of this annual report and on U.S. Treasury Regulations in effect as of the
date of this annual report, as well as judicial and administrative interpretations thereof available on or before


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        235
      Part I (Continued)




           such date. All of the foregoing authorities are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and
           could affect the tax considerations described below. There can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not
           take a contrary position with respect to any United States federal income tax consequences described below.
           This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be important to
           particular investors in light of their individual investment circumstances, including investors subject to special tax
           rules (for example, banks, certain financial institutions, insurance companies, broker-dealers, traders in securities
           that elect mark-to-market treatment, pension plans, cooperatives, real estate investment trusts, regulated
           investment companies, partnerships (or other entities or arrangements taxable as partnerships for U.S. federal
           income tax purposes) and their partners, tax-exempt entities (including private foundations), investors who are
           not U.S. Holders, U.S. expatriates, investors liable for any minimum tax, investors who acquired their ADSs or
           ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee share option or otherwise as compensation, investors
           who own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value), investors that will
           hold their ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale, or other integrated
           transaction for United States federal income tax purposes, investors subject to the Medicare tax on their net
           investment income or investors that have a functional currency other than the United States dollar), all of whom
           may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarized below.


           In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or non-United States tax considerations.
           Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the United States federal, state, local, and
           non-United States income and other tax considerations of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares.


           General
           For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or ordinary shares that is,
           for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States,
           (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created
           in, or organized under the law of, the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate
           the income of which is includible in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes regardless of
           its source, or (iv) a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a United States
           court and which has one or more United States persons who have the authority to control all substantial
           decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise elected to be treated as a United States person under the Code.


           If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax
           purposes) owns our ADSs or ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally
           depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding our ADSs or
           ordinary shares and their partners are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in our ADSs or
           ordinary shares.


           For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders who hold ADSs will generally be treated as the holder of
           the underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a
           U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of Class A ordinary
           shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.




236   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Dividends
Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below, any cash distributions (including any
amount of any PRC tax withheld) paid on our ADSs or ordinary shares out of our current or accumulated earnings
and profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles, will generally be includible in
the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income on the day actually or constructively received by the
U.S. Holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend
to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of United States federal income tax principles, any distribution
we pay will generally be reported as a “dividend” for United States federal income tax purposes. Dividends
received on our ADSs or ordinary shares will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to
corporations under the Code.


Individuals and other non-corporate recipients will be subject to tax at the lower capital gain tax rate applicable
to “qualified dividend income” on dividends paid on our ADSs, provided that certain conditions are satisfied,
including that (i) our ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, or, in
the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax law, we are eligible for the
benefit of the United States-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (ii) we are neither a PFIC nor treated as such
with respect to a U.S. Holder (as discussed below) for the taxable year in which the dividend was paid and the
preceding taxable year, and (iii) certain holding period requirements are met. For this purpose, U.S. Treasury
guidance indicates that ADSs representing ordinary shares, such as ours, listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market are considered to be readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. There
can be no assurance that our ADSs will continue to be considered readily tradable on an established securities
market in future years. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under PRC tax law, we
may be eligible for the benefits under the Treaty. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the
availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends in their particular circumstances.


For United States foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources
and will generally constitute passive category income. A U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of
complex limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit not in excess of any applicable treaty rate in respect of any
nonrefundable foreign withholding taxes imposed on dividends received on our ADSs or ordinary shares. A U.S.
Holder who does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction,
for United States federal income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such
holder elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are
complex. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit
under their particular circumstances.


We may be a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2025, and no assurance can be given with respect
to our PFIC status for the current or future taxable years. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors
regarding the availability of the reduced rate of taxation on dividends with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares
under their particular circumstances.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        237
      Part I (Continued)




           Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares
           Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below, a U.S. Holder will generally recognize
           capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares in an amount equal to the
           difference between the amount realized upon the sale or other disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in
           such ADSs or ordinary shares. The gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Any capital gain or loss will
           be long-term if the ADSs or ordinary shares have been held for more than one year. An individual U.S. Holder
           or other non-corporate U.S. Holder who has held the ADSs or ordinary shares for more than one year will
           generally be eligible for reduced tax rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Any such
           gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will generally be treated as U.S. source income or loss for foreign tax
           credit purposes, which will generally limit the availability to claim foreign tax credits. However, in the event we
           are deemed to be a PRC “resident enterprise” under PRC tax law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the
           Treaty. In such event, if PRC tax were to be imposed on any gain from the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary
           shares, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the benefits of the Treaty may elect to treat such gain as PRC source
           income. Pursuant to Treasury Regulations (the applicability of which has been postponed until further guidance
           is issued), however, if a U.S. Holder is not eligible for the benefits of the Treaty or does not elect to apply the
           Treaty, then such holder may not be able to claim a foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on
           the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding
           the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed on a disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares, including the
           availability of the foreign tax credit or deduction under their particular circumstances, their eligibility for benefits
           under the Treaty and the potential impact of the Treasury Regulations.


           We may be a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2025, and no assurance can be given with respect
           to our PFIC status for the current or future taxable years. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors
           regarding the availability of the reduced rate of taxation on dividends with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares
           under their particular circumstances.


           Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations
           A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for United States federal
           income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year consists
           of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally determined on the
           basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income. For this
           purpose, cash is categorized as a passive asset and the company’s unbooked intangibles associated with active
           business activity are taken into account as a non-passive asset.


           In addition, we will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share
           of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the
           stock. Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being
           owned by us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions
           and we are entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and, as a result,
           we consolidate their results of operations in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned
           by us for United States federal income tax purposes.




238   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we may
be a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2025. However, because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
determination, no assurance can be given with respect to our PFIC status for the current or any future taxable
years. Changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. In
estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. The composition of our income and assets will also be affected by
how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. If we deploy significant amounts of cash and investments for
active purposes, we may be less likely to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares,
and unless the U.S. Holder makes a “mark-to-market” election (as described below), the U.S. Holder will
generally be subject to special tax rules that have a penalizing effect, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC,
on (i) any excess distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid
during a taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125% of the average annual distributions paid in the
three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares),
and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition, including a pledge, of ADSs or ordinary shares. Under
the PFIC rules:


•    the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs
     or ordinary shares;


•    amounts allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in a U.S. Holder’s holding period prior
     to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (a “pre-PFIC year”) will be taxable as ordinary
     income; and


•    amounts allocated to each prior taxable year, other than the current taxable year or a pre-PFIC year, will
     be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect applicable to such U.S. Holder for that year, and such
     amounts will be increased by an additional tax equal to interest on the resulting tax deemed deferred with
     respect to such years.


The tax liability for amounts allocated to years prior to the year of disposition or “excess distribution” cannot be
offset by any net operating losses for such years, and gains (but not losses) realized on the sale of the ADSs or
ordinary shares cannot be treated as capital, even if such ADSs or ordinary shares are held as capital assets.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares and any of
our subsidiaries is also a PFIC, such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value)
of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC and would be subject to the rules described above on certain distributions
by a lower-tier PFIC and a disposition of shares of a lower-tier PFIC even though such U.S. Holders would
not receive the proceeds of those distributions or dispositions. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors
regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        239
      Part I (Continued)




           As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” (as defined below) in a PFIC may
           make a mark-to-market election with respect to such stock. The mark-to-market election is available only for
           “marketable stock,” which is stock that is traded in other than de minimis quantities on at least 15 days during
           each calendar quarter, or “regularly traded” on a qualified exchange or other market, as defined in applicable
           Treasury Regulations. For these purposes, our ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is a
           qualified exchange for these purposes, and our ordinary shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           which should constitute a qualified exchange or other market. We anticipate that our ADSs and ordinary shares
           should qualify as being regularly traded, but no assurances may be given in this regard. If a U.S. Holder makes
           this election, the holder will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC
           the excess, if any, of the fair market value of ADSs or ordinary shares held at the end of the taxable year over
           the adjusted tax basis of such ADSs or ordinary shares and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any,
           of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs or ordinary shares over the fair market value of such ADSs or ordinary
           shares held at the end of the taxable year, but such deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount
           previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in
           the ADSs or ordinary shares would be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market
           election. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares and we
           cease to be a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during
           any period that we are not classified as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such
           U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale or other disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares in a year when we
           are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will
           only be treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the
           mark-to-market election.


           Because, as a technical matter, a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we may
           own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the general PFIC rules described above with respect to such
           U.S. Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for
           United States federal income tax purposes.


           We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing fund elections
           which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from the tax treatment for PFICs described above.


           If a U.S. Holder owns our ADSs or ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a PFIC, the holder must
           file an annual Internal Revenue Service Form 8621.


           Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor concerning the United States federal income tax
           consequences of purchasing, holding, and disposing of ADSs or ordinary shares if we are or become classified
           as a PFIC, including the possibility of making a mark-to-market election and the unavailability of the qualified
           electing fund election.


      F.   Dividends and Paying Agents
           Not applicable.




240   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




G.   Statement by Experts
     Not applicable.

H.   Documents on Display
     We are subject to periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange Act as applicable to
     foreign private issuers, and are required to file reports and other information with the SEC. Specifically, we are
     required to file annually an annual report within four months after the end of each fiscal year, which is December
     31. All information filed with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
     As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and
     content of quarterly reports and proxy statements, our officers and directors are exempt from the short-swing
     rules contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and our principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting
     and short-swing rules contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act.


     We will furnish Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADSs, with our annual reports,
     which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in
     conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and other reports and communications
     that are made generally available to our shareholders. The depositary will make such notices, reports and
     communications available to holders of ADSs and, upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the
     information contained in any notice of a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us.


     In accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5250(d), we will post annual report on our website at
     http://ir.jd.com. In addition, we will provide hard copies of our annual report free of charge to shareholders and
     ADS holders upon request.


I.   Subsidiary Information
     Not applicable.

J.   Annual Report to Security Holders
     As an issuer listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we are required to publish an annual report for the fiscal
     year ended December 31, 2025, which we plan to furnish as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K via
     EDGAR to be filed on the same date of our Form 20-F.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Interest Rate Risk
Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to our interest-bearing assets and debts. Interest-bearing assets
include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash, other long-term interest-bearing assets.
Interest-bearing debts include bank facilities and unsecured senior notes that have a floating rate of interest. As of
December 31, 2025, if interest rates increased or decreased by 1%, with all other variables having remained constant,
and assuming the amount of interest-bearing assets and debts that bear floating interest were outstanding for the
entire respective years, our net income would have been RMB2.2 billion (US$0.3 billion) higher or lower.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        241
      Part I (Continued)




      Foreign Exchange Risk
      Substantially all of our revenues and expenses are denominated in RMB.


      We do not believe that we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk and have not used any
      derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to such risk. Certain non-derivative instruments have been used to
      manage exposure in exchange rates. Although our exposure to foreign exchange risks should be limited in general,
      the value of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar and RMB because
      the value of our business is effectively denominated in RMB, while our ADSs are traded in U.S. dollars.


      The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People’s Bank of
      China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It is difficult to predict
      how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar
      in the future.


      To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the
      U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we
      decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or
      ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on
      the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


      As of December 31, 2025, we had RMB-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
      investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year in marketable
      securities and other investments of RMB135.3 billion, and U.S. dollar-denominated cash, cash equivalents and
      short-term investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year
      in marketable securities and other investments of US$19.5 billion. Assuming we had converted RMB135.3 billion
      into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate of RMB6.9931 for US$1.00 as of December 31, 2025, our U.S. dollar cash
      balance would have been US$38.8 billion. If the RMB had depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, our U.S. dollar
      cash balance would have been US$36.9 billion instead. Assuming we had converted US$19.5 billion into RMB at
      the exchange rate of RMB6.9931 for US$1.00 as of December 31, 2025, our RMB cash balance would have been
      RMB271.4 billion. If the RMB had depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, our RMB cash balance would have
      been RMB286.5 billion instead.


      Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
      A.   Debt Securities
           Not applicable.


      B.   Warrants and Rights
           Not applicable.


      C.   Other Securities
           Not applicable.




242   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




D.   American Depositary Shares
     Our ADSs are traded on Nasdaq. Dealings in our ADSs on Nasdaq are conducted in U.S. Dollars.


     ADSs may be held either:


     •     directly, by having a certificated ADS, or an ADR, registered in the holder’s name, or by holding in the
           direct registration system, pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated
           ADSs, which ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS
           holders entitled thereto; or


     •     indirectly, through the holder’s broker or other financial institution.


     The depositary for our ADSs is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, whose office is located at 60 Wall
     Street, New York, New York 10005, United States of America.


     Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay
     An ADS holder will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and certain taxes and
     governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges
     payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs):


     Service                                                         Fees
     •   to any person to whom ADSs are issued or to any             Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
         person to whom a distribution is made in respect
         of ADS distributions pursuant to stock dividends or
         other free distributions of stock, bonus distributions,
         stock splits or other distributions (except where
         converted to cash)
     •   Surrendering ADSs for cancellation and withdrawal of        Up to US$0.05 per ADS surrendered
         deposited securities
     •   Distribution of cash dividends                              Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
     •   Distribution of cash entitlements (other than cash          Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
         dividends) and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds
         from the sale of rights, securities and other
         entitlements
     •   Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights         Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
     •   Operation and maintenance costs                             Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the applicable
                                                                     record date(s) established by the depositary bank

     An ADS holder will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary bank
     and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other
     governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs) such as:


     •     Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer agent for the
           ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares).


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       243
      Part I (Continued)




           •     Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.


           •     Expenses for cable, telex, fax and electronic transmissions and for delivery of securities.


           •     Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities, including any applicable stamp duties, any stock transfer
                 charges or withholding taxes (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or withdrawn from deposit).


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery of ordinary shares on deposit or the servicing
                 of ordinary shares, deposited securities and/or ADSs.


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with complying with exchange control regulations and other
                 regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, deposited securities, ADSs and ADRs.


           The depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
           bank by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank and by
           the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers
           in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or
           securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of
           record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


           The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed
           or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. In the case of distributions other than cash
           (i.e., share dividends, rights), the depositary bank charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders
           concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated
           or uncertificated in direct registration), the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS
           holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally
           collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs
           held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians
           who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees paid
           to the depositary banks.


           In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit
           agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary
           fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


           Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
           Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for a portion of certain
           expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADR program, including investor
           relations expenses. There are limits on the amount of expenses for which the depositary will reimburse us, but
           the amount of reimbursement available to us is not related to the amounts of fees the depositary collects from




244   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




investors. Further, the depositary has agreed to reimburse us certain fees payable to the depositary by holders
of ADSs. Neither the depositary nor we can determine the exact amount to be made available to us because
(i) the number of ADSs that will be issued and outstanding, (ii) the level of service fees to be charged to holders
of ADSs and (iii) our reimbursable expenses related to the program are not known at this time. In 2025, we were
entitled to approximately US$6.36 million reimbursement from the depositary.


Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares and ADSs
Dealings and Settlement of Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong
Our Class A ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 50 Class A ordinary shares.
Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


The transaction costs of dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


•    Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each
     of the buyer and seller;


•    Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong transaction levy of 0.0027% of the consideration of the
     transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


•    trading tariff of HK$0.50 on each and every purchase or sale transaction. The decision on whether or not to
     pass the trading tariff onto investors is at the discretion of brokers;


•    transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


•    ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1% payable by each of
     the buyer and the seller;


•    stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a minimum fee
     of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


•    brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage commissions for
     IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription or purchase price and will be payable by
     the person subscribing for or purchasing the securities) ; and


•    the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20.00, depending on the speed of
     service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for
     each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share certificate canceled or
     issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        245
      Part I (Continued)




           Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers directly
           or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her Class A ordinary shares in his or her
           stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System participant’s stock account
           maintained with the Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS
           in accordance with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time.
           For an investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
           must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


           Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs
           In connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have
           established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, which we refer to as our Hong Kong share register,
           which is maintained by our Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.
           Our principal register of members will continue to be maintained by our principal share registrar, Maples Fund
           Services (Cayman) Limited.


           All Class A ordinary shares offered in connection with our listing in Hong Kong are registered on our Hong Kong
           share register in order to be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As described in further detail
           below, holders of Class A ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong Share Register will be able to convert
           these ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


           In connection with our listing in Hong Kong, and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and
           Class A ordinary shares and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion
           of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our
           Hong Kong share register.


           Converting Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs
           An investor who holds Class A ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
           ADSs to trade on Nasdaq must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the Class A ordinary shares with the
           depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, Hong Kong, in exchange for ADSs.


           A deposit of Class A ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
           procedures:


           •     If Class A ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer Class A ordinary
                 shares to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures
                 for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his
                 or her broker.


           •     If Class A ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his or her Class
                 A ordinary shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS,
                 submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.




246   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




•    Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer
     taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary
     will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the
     ADSs to the designated DTC account of the person(s) designated by an investor or his or her broker.


For Class A ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
two business days. For Class A ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may
take 14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of
the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the ADSs
until the procedures are completed.


Converting ADSs to Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong
An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into Class A ordinary shares to trade on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Class A ordinary shares
from our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from the
depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock account.


For investors holding ADSs directly (not holding through brokers), the following steps must be taken:


•    To withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
     ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated form),
     and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


•    Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
     transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the
     depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Class A ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to
     the CCASS account designated by an investor.


•    If an investor prefers to receive Class A ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive Class A
     ordinary shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
     transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares in their
     own names with the Hong Kong Share Registrar.


For Class A ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps
may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025        247
      Part I (Continued)




           Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed
           to ADS cancelations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject to there being a
           sufficient number of Class A ordinary shares on our Hong Kong share register to facilitate a withdrawal from
           the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to maintain or increase the
           number of Class A ordinary shares on our Hong Kong share register to facilitate such withdrawals.


           Depositary Requirements
           Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


           •     production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it
                 deems necessary; and


           •     compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement,
                 including presentation of transfer documents.


           The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
           generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong Share Registrar are closed or at any time
           if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.


           All costs attributable to the transfer of Class A ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
           shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of
           ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to
           HK$20.00, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under
           the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each
           share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in
           Hong Kong. In addition, holders of Class A ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 (or less) per 100
           ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the
           deposit of Class A ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares from, our ADS program.




248   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                          PART II


Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has performed
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a–15(e) under
the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as required by Rule 13a–15(b) under the
Exchange Act.


Based upon that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file and furnish under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as defined in Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and
expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of our company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.


As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 using the criteria set forth in the
report “Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. We completed two acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2025. As permitted
by relevant rules and regulations, we have excluded these acquisitions from our evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, whose financial statements represented less than 1% of total assets,
total net revenues and net income of the amounts in our consolidated financial statements amounts as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, the management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025        249
      Part II (Continued)




      Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, has
      audited the effectiveness of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 and has
      issued its report, included in our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC.

      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
      There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by
      this annual report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
      financial reporting.

      Audit Committee Financial Expert
      Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Louis T. Hsieh, an independent director (under the standards set
      forth in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a) (2) and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act) and member of our audit
      committee, is an audit committee financial expert.


      Code of Ethics
      Our board of directors adopted an amended and restated code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our
      directors, officers and employees in November 2022. We have posted a copy of our code of business conduct and
      ethics on our website at http://ir.jd.com


      Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional
      services rendered by our principal external auditors(1) for the periods indicated.


                                                                                                                For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                                                              2024                        2025

      Audit fees(2)                                                                                               US$3,952,434                US$4,270,638

      Audit-related fees(3)                                                                                       US$7,048,787                US$5,651,584

      Tax fees(4)                                                                                                    US$491,901               US$1,185,183

      All other fees(5)                                                                                           US$1,354,843                  US$392,865


      Notes:


      (1)      We engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as external auditor for our Form 20-F, and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu,
               Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor in Hong Kong as external auditor for our HK annual report. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
               Accountants LLP’s PCAOB ID is 1113.


      (2)      “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for the
               audit of our annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. In 2024 and 2025, the audit refers to
               financial audit and audit pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.




250   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                        Part II (Continued)




(3)   “Audit-related fees” means fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for the issue of comfort letter, rendering of listing advice and other
      audit-related services to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries.


(4)   “Tax Fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for tax
      compliance, tax advice and tax planning.


(5)   “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors
      associated with certain financial due diligence projects, permissible services to review and comment on internal control design over financial
      reporting and other advisory services.


The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent
auditors, including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above, other
than those for de minimis services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
2020 Share Repurchase Program. On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program,
under which we may repurchase up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through
March 17, 2022. The share repurchase program was publicly announced on March 17, 2020. On December 29, 2021,
our board of directors approved modifications to the share repurchase program adopted in March 2020, pursuant to
which the repurchase authorization has increased from US$2.0 billion to US$3.0 billion and has been extended until
March 17, 2024.


2024 Share Repurchase Program. Our board of directors has approved a share repurchase program, effective on
March 18, 2024, pursuant to which we may repurchase up to US$3.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over
the next 36 months through March 2027. We had fully utilized the repurchase amount authorized under the US$3.0
billion share repurchase program by the third quarter of 2024.


New 2024 Share Repurchase Program. Our board of directors has approved a share repurchase program effective
in September 2024, or the New 2024 Share Repurchase Program, pursuant to which we may repurchase up to
US$5.0 billion worth of our shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through the end of August 2027.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025              251
      Part II (Continued)




      The table below is a summary of our share repurchases in the periods indicated. These repurchases were made
      pursuant to the New 2024 Share Repurchase Program. All other shares were repurchased in the open market
      pursuant to the share repurchase programs.


                                                                                        Total Number
                                                                                           of Class A
                                                                                      Ordinary Shares        Approximate
                                                           Total                           Purchased          Dollar Value
                                                        Number                                 as Part      of Shares that
                                                     of Class A                        of the Publicly         May Yet Be
                                               Ordinary Shares      Average Price         Announced             Purchased
      Period                                         Purchased     Paid Per Share               Plans     Under the Plans

      January 1–31, 2025                              6,844,922               17.02         6,844,922        4,883,509,047
      March 1–31, 2025                               16,807,770               20.73        16,807,770        4,535,044,265
      April 1–30, 2025                               57,088,788               18.15        57,088,788        3,498,832,837
      August 1–31, 2025                                 155,522               14.99           155,522        3,496,502,325
      November 1–30, 2025                            51,213,376               14.63        51,213,376        2,746,998,518
      December 1–31, 2025                            51,129,084               14.68        51,129,084        1,996,502,346
      March 1–31, 2026                               44,545,172               14.17        44,545,172        1,365,481,826

      Total                                         227,784,634               15.96       227,784,634        1,365,481,826


      Corporate Governance
      As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance
      listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance
      practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home
      country, may differ significantly from the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. We have elected to follow
      home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq with respect to the adoption
      of our 2023 Share Incentive Plan without the approval of our shareholders. In this respect, and in other respects if we
      choose to follow other home country practice in the future, our shareholders may be afforded less protection than
      they otherwise would under the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers.
      See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We are a foreign
      private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such we are exempt from certain
      provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.”




252   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part II (Continued)




Insider Trading Policies
Our board of directors has established insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and other
dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees and other relevant persons to promote compliance
with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards.


The Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 11.2 to annual report on Form 20-F.

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment procedures that are integrated into our overall
enterprise risk management system. These procedures aim to identify, assess, and manage potential and existing
cybersecurity threats. We have a strong inhouse IT and cybersecurity department, led by our cybersecurity officer,
that identifies, assesses, and manages cybersecurity risks on a daily basis. We have ensured that our employees have
full access to the basic knowledge and principles of information security, established a sound responding process
and disposal mechanism for system security, external attacks and violations, and safeguarded the confidentiality of
information and data of the enterprise, employees and customers, making sure information and data can only be
obtained and used when necessary.


Besides, we engage external parties to conduct thorough assessments of our information systems. Our IT and
cybersecurity department work closely with third-party service providers to ensure their compliance with our
cybersecurity standards and to assess risks arising from our engagements with them. We strive to ensure the highest
standards and procedures to protect data and information security for billions of consumers, millions of merchants,
large multinational businesses, and government users. To guarantee the secure operation of large-scale online
promotional shopping events, such as “618” and “11.11,” digital security is paramount to ensuring smooth business
operations. We will continue to apply advance security technologies to ensure the safety of users, enterprises, and
industries and contribute to the healthy development of the information security ecosystem.


As of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents that have affected
or are reasonably likely to affect us, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. In 2025, we did
not identify any violations of information security or privacy protection and did not receive any penalty for information
security vulnerabilities or other network security breaches.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         253
      Part II (Continued)




      Governance
      The ESG committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity. When
      appropriate, periodic reviews are held to discuss the landscape of cybersecurity, potential threats, and our
      preparedness for potential cybersecurity threats and risks to our company. In case a material cybersecurity occurs,
      the ESG committee is responsible for reviewing the information and issues involved, disclosures to be made, and
      the procedures followed. Our cybersecurity officer, who has over 10 years of experience as cybersecurity officer
      in large technology companies and extensive knowledge and skills in security products development, security risk
      management, and security compliance, is primarily responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks and
      monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The cybersecurity officer
      reports to our chief compliance officer and provides periodic updates to our strategy execution committee and the
      ESG committee on any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks arising from cybersecurity threats.




254   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              PART III


Consolidated Financial Statements

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                   Page(s)


Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                         256


Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2025                                         261


Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the
  Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025                                                       264


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025           266


Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025                                                             270


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                       273




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025   255
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      To the Shareholders of JD.com, Inc.
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 261 to 364, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet
      as of December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, consolidated
      statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
      notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
      the Group as of December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
      the year then ended in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
      (“U.S. GAAP”).


      Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
      in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
      independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
      as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




256   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.


 Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Revenue recognition — net product revenues
 The Company’s revenue is primarily derived from            Our audit procedures related to the Company’s net
 the product revenues generated from its online retail      product revenues included the following, among others:
 business. The Company’s net product revenues
                                                            •     With the assistance of IT professionals, we:
 recognition process involves multiple IT systems
 responsible for the initiation, processing and recording         •    identified relevant IT systems used to
 of transactions, and the calculation of net product                   process revenue transactions and tested
 revenues is in accordance with the Company’s                          the general IT controls over each of these
 accounting policy. The processing and recognition                     IT systems, including testing of user access
 of net product revenues are highly automated and                      controls, change management controls, and
 involve capturing and processing significant volumes of               data center & network operation controls.
 transactional data.
                                                                  •    performed testing of automated controls and
                                                                       interface controls of the relevant IT systems.
 We identified a key audit matter related to net product
 revenues due to the high volume of individually-           •     We tested the effectiveness of relevant controls
 low-monetary-value transactions and the reliance on              relating to the product revenue recognition
 multiple IT systems, most of which are custom-made               process.
 for the Company’s business. Given the complex,             •     We tested, on a sample basis, net product
 automated systems used to capture, process, and                  revenues transactions, by agreeing the recorded
 record revenue, performing audit procedures related to           revenues to supporting documents and testing the
 net product revenues required a high degree of audit             mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue.
 effort.
                                                            •     We performed substantive analytics procedures
                                                                  over net product revenues by developing
                                                                  expected amounts independently based on cost of
                                                                  revenues.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025       257
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




      Other Information

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
      form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
      financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
      on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
      required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
      Statements

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
      true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary
      to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
      to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
      alternative but to do so.


      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
      are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
      opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
      do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
      assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
      always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
      material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
      users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




258   JD.com, Inc.
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
     on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
     cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
     financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
     for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        259
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
      reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
      safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
      audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
      about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
      in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
      interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ip, Kan Wah (Practising
      certificate number: P06525).




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 16, 2026




260   JD.com, Inc.
                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                           2024                 2025
                                                        Notes              RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(g)
                                                                  (in millions, except share and per share data)

  ASSETS
  Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                           108,350           137,488        19,660
    Restricted cash                                       4                7,366           12,137          1,736
    Short-term investments                                4             125,645            75,744        10,831
    Accounts receivable, net                              7              25,596            27,333          3,909
    Advance to suppliers                                                   7,619            5,856           837
    Inventories, net                                      8              89,326            95,428        13,646
    Prepayments and other current assets                                 15,951            17,898          2,559
    Amount due from related parties                       27               4,805            2,142           306
    Assets held for sale                                                   2,040             395              57

    Total current assets                                                386,698           374,421        53,541

  Non-current assets
    Property, equipment and software, net                 9              82,737            91,349        13,063
    Construction in progress                             2(o)              6,164            6,503           930
    Intangible assets, net                                11               7,793            7,723          1,104
    Land use rights, net                                  10             36,833            36,878          5,273
    Operating lease right-of-use assets                   16             24,532            31,128          4,451
    Goodwill                                              12             25,709            26,291          3,760
    Investments in equity investees                       6              56,850            51,978          7,433
    Marketable securities and other investments           4              59,370            51,840          7,413
    Deferred tax assets                                   19               2,459            5,237           749
    Other non-current assets                                               9,089           11,853          1,695

    Total non-current assets                                            311,536           320,780        45,871

  Total assets                                                          698,234           695,201        99,412



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025    261
      Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                 2024                 2025
                                                              Notes              RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                             Note 2(g)
                                                                        (in millions, except share and per share data)

        LIABILITIES (including amounts of the consolidated
           VIEs without recourse to the primary
           beneficiaries of RMB42,197 million and
           RMB36,482 million as of December 31, 2024
           and 2025, respectively.)
        Current liabilities
          Short-term debts                                      30               7,581            8,014          1,146
          Accounts payable                                      13            192,860           188,379        26,938
          Advance from customers                                               32,437            36,408          5,206
          Deferred revenues                                                      2,097            2,684           384
          Taxes payable                                                          9,487            7,008          1,002
          Amount due to related parties                         27               1,367             624              89
          Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        14             45,985            50,045          7,157
          Operating lease liabilities                           16               7,606            9,399          1,344
          Unsecured senior notes                                15                  —             3,511           502
          Liabilities held for sale                                               101                —              —

          Total current liabilities                                           299,521           306,072        43,768

        Non-current liabilities
          Unsecured senior notes                                15             24,770            20,798          2,974
          Deferred tax liabilities                              19               9,498            8,019          1,147
          Long-term debts                                       30             31,705            41,675          5,959
          Operating lease liabilities                           16             18,106            23,708          3,390
          Other non-current liabilities                                          1,337            1,146           164

          Total non-current liabilities                                        85,416            95,346        13,634

        Total liabilities                                                     384,937           401,418        57,402



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




262   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                       Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                  2024                2025
                                                                 Notes            RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                                                              Note 2(g)
                                                                          (in millions, except share and per share data)

    Commitments and contingencies                                 31


    MEZZANINE EQUITY                                                               484               —                —


    SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
    JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity
      Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
       100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
       2,865,069,999 Class A ordinary shares issued
       and 2,587,296,615 outstanding, 322,483,772
       Class B ordinary shares issued and 316,136,640
       outstanding as of December 31, 2024;
       2,496,519,005 Class A ordinary shares
       issued and 2,426,347,757 outstanding,
       321,776,028 Class B ordinary shares issued
       and 315,499,494 outstanding as of
       December 31, 2025.)                                        21                 —*              —*               —*
      Additional paid-in capital                                               182,404          141,515          20,236
      Statutory reserves                                         2(oo)            6,688           7,617            1,089
      Treasury stock                                                            (27,739)         (7,874)          (1,126)
      Retained earnings                                                         76,573           84,957          12,149
      Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)               24              1,421          (1,175)            (168)

    Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                                    239,347          225,040          32,180
      Non-controlling interests                                                 73,466           68,743            9,830

    Total shareholders’ equity                                                 312,813          293,783          42,010

    Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
      shareholders’ equity                                                     698,234          695,201          99,412



*    Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025      263
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
      AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2023              2024                   2025
                                                 Notes          RMB               RMB                RMB             US$
                                                                                                                Note 2(g)
                                                                (in millions, except share and per share data)

        Net revenues
          Net product revenues                    2(z)       871,224            928,007         1,023,802        146,402
          Net service revenues                    2(z)       213,438            230,812           285,283         40,795

        Total net revenues                                 1,084,662          1,158,819         1,309,085        187,197

          Cost of revenues                                  (924,958)          (974,951)        (1,099,057)      (157,163)
          Fulfillment                                         (64,558)          (70,426)          (88,176)        (12,609)
          Marketing                                           (40,133)          (47,953)          (83,953)        (12,005)
          Research and development                            (16,393)          (17,031)          (22,229)         (3,179)
          General and administrative                           (9,710)           (8,888)          (11,980)         (1,713)
          Impairment of goodwill                  12           (3,143)             (799)            (1,303)          (186)
          Impairment of long-lived assets          4           (2,025)           (1,562)                —              —
         Gain on sale of development
          properties                              17            2,283             1,527               387             55

        Income from operations                                26,025             38,736             2,774            397

        Other income/(expense)
          Share of results of equity investees     6            1,010             2,327             8,025           1,147
          Interest expense                                     (2,881)           (2,896)            (2,803)          (401)
          Others, net                             18            7,496            13,371            17,327           2,478

        Income before tax                                     31,650             51,538            25,323           3,621
          Income tax expenses                     19           (8,393)           (6,878)            (2,181)          (312)

        Net income                                            23,257             44,660            23,142           3,309

         Net (loss)/income attributable to
          non‑controlling interests
          shareholders                                           (910)            3,301             3,511            502

        Net income attributable to
         the Company’s ordinary
         shareholders                                         24,167             41,359            19,631           2,807



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




264   JD.com, Inc.
            Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Continued)




                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2023              2024                2025
                                         Notes            RMB               RMB             RMB              US$
                                                                                                        Note 2(g)
                                                          (in millions, except share and per share data)

  Net income                                            23,257             44,660         23,142            3,309
    Other comprehensive income/(loss):
     Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                          1,374             1,020          (3,308)           (473)

  Total comprehensive income                            24,631             45,680         19,834            2,836
  Total comprehensive (loss)/income
    attributable to non-controlling
    interests shareholders                               (1,398)            3,803          2,799              400

  Total comprehensive income
    attributable to the Company’s
    ordinary shareholders                               26,029             41,877         17,035            2,436

  Net income per share                    26
    Basic                                                  7.69             13.83            6.89             0.99
    Diluted                                                7.61             13.43            6.45             0.92
  Net income per ADS
    Basic                                                 15.37             27.67          13.79              1.97
    Diluted                                               15.23             26.86          12.90              1.84
  Weighted average number of shares
    Basic                                        3,144,233,160      2,989,701,855   2,847,199,686    2,847,199,686
    Diluted                                      3,170,542,396      3,076,061,616   2,978,037,127    2,978,037,127



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025      265
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2023              2024                 2025
                                                                RMB               RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                              Note 2(g)
                                                                                  (in millions)

        Cash flows from operating activities:
        Net income                                            23,257             44,660           23,142         3,309
        Adjustments to reconcile net income to
          net cash provided by operating activities:
          Depreciation and amortization                         8,292             8,904            9,747         1,394
          Share-based compensation                              4,804             2,999            4,726           676
          Losses/(gains) from disposal of property,
           equipment and software                                 55                140              (16)           (2)
          Deferred income tax                                    869             (1,144)          (4,742)         (678)
          Impairment of long-lived assets
          and goodwill                                          5,168             2,361            1,303           186
          Allowance for doubtful accounts                         641               333              340            49
          Impairment of investments                             3,043             3,299              827           118
          Losses/(gains) from fair value change
           of long-term investments                              855             (1,355)            (397)           (57)
          Gains from acquirements or
           disposals of businesses and investments                (89)             (652)             (55)            (8)
          Gain on sale of development properties               (2,283)           (1,527)            (387)           (55)
          Share of results of equity investees                 (1,010)           (2,327)          (8,025)        (1,147)
          Accrued interest income                                (211)           (2,912)            (213)           (30)
          Non-cash portion of other non-operating
          expense/(income), net                                    40               168             (216)           (31)
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
          Accounts receivable                                    (310)           (4,546)          (2,526)         (361)
          Advance to suppliers                                  1,075            (1,676)           1,821           260
          Inventories                                           9,891           (20,154)          (5,780)         (827)
          Prepayments and other current assets                    357               114            1,162           166
          Amount due from related parties                        (750)             (527)            (542)          (78)
          Operating lease right-of-use assets                    (273)           (3,642)          (5,931)         (848)
          Other non-current assets                                518               575           (1,059)         (151)
          Accounts payable                                      4,614            27,844           (4,909)         (702)
          Advance from customers                               (2,088)              704            3,429           490
          Deferred revenues                                    (1,397)             (462)             351            50
          Taxes payable                                         1,311             1,913           (2,275)         (325)
          Amount due to related parties                         1,132            (1,288)            (875)         (125)
          Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        2,149             2,241            3,492           499
          Operating lease liabilities                             529             4,254            6,719           961
          Other non-current liabilities                          (668)             (202)            (120)          (17)

        Net cash provided by operating activities             59,521             58,095           18,991         2,716


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

266   JD.com, Inc.
                                                 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2023              2024                2025
                                                          RMB               RMB               RMB           US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(g)
                                                                            (in millions)

  Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of time deposits and wealth
    management products                               (268,529)          (148,462)          (80,193)     (11,467)
  Maturity of time deposits and wealth
   management products                                 217,184            166,517           133,308       19,063
  Purchases of investment securities                         —                 —                (60)          (9)
  Disposal of investment securities                       8,318             1,388             3,213         459
  Prepayments and investments in equity
    investees                                            (1,382)           (3,146)             (935)        (134)
  Disposal of equity investments                           387                576             2,881         412
  Cash paid for loan originations                       (75,761)          (84,578)          (83,617)     (11,957)
  Cash received from loan repayments                    75,986             84,840            82,915       11,857
  Purchase of property, equipment and software
    and intangible assets                                (4,028)           (5,353)           (7,823)      (1,118)
  Disposal of equipment and other assets                   130                 81              169           24
  Cash paid for asset acquisitions, net of
    cash acquired                                        (5,468)           (4,308)           (3,607)        (516)
  Purchase of land use rights                            (4,981)             (618)             (397)         (57)
  Cash paid for construction in progress                (11,006)           (7,848)           (5,964)        (853)
  Sales of development properties                         6,975             3,822             4,887         699
  Cash paid for business combinations,
    net of cash acquired                                     —             (2,776)           (1,105)        (158)
  Loans settled by/(provided to) JD Technology            3,328                50              (680)         (97)
  Other investing activities                               (696)           (1,056)           (1,160)        (166)

  Net cash (used in)/provided by
   investing activities                                 (59,543)             (871)           41,832        5,982



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   267
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2023              2024                   2025
                                                                RMB               RMB                RMB            US$
                                                                                                                Note 2(g)
                                                                                   (in millions)
        Cash flows from financing activities:
        Repurchase of ordinary shares                          (2,497)          (25,912)           (21,430)        (3,064)
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares
          pursuant to share-based awards                           33               27                 33               5
        Cash paid for dividends                                (6,741)           (8,263)           (10,379)        (1,484)
        Capital injection from non-controlling interest
          shareholders                                          1,835               31               2,650           379
        Acquisition of additional equity interests in
          non-wholly owned subsidiaries                          (778)             (829)            (7,175)        (1,026)
        Proceeds from debts                                   30,500            13,628              34,271         4,900
        Repayment of debts                                    (27,387)          (13,253)           (24,003)        (3,432)
        Proceeds from unsecured senior notes, net of
          issuance costs                                           —            13,999                  —              —
        Other financing activities                               (773)             (432)              (695)         (100)
        Net cash used in financing activities                  (5,808)          (21,004)           (26,728)        (3,822)
        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
          equivalents, and restricted cash                       125                98                (186)           (27)
        Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash
         equivalents, and restricted cash                      (5,705)          36,318              33,909         4,849
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
          beginning of year, including cash, cash
          equivalents, and restricted cash classified
          within assets held for sale                         85,156            79,451             115,716        16,547
        Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
          cash classified within assets held for sale
          at beginning of year                                     41               53                 —*            —*
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
          beginning of year                                   85,115            79,398             115,716        16,547
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
          end of year, including cash, cash equivalents
          and restricted cash classified within assets
          held for sale                                       79,451           115,716             149,625        21,396
        Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
          cash classified within assets held for sale
          at end of year                                           53              —*                  —*            —*
        Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
          at end of year                                      79,398           115,716             149,625        21,396

      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




268   JD.com, Inc.
                                                            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                             For the year ended December 31,
                                                                    2023              2024                  2025
                                                                    RMB               RMB               RMB            US$
                                                                                                                   Note 2(g)
                                                                                       (in millions)
    Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
      information:
      Cash paid for income taxes                                   (5,462)           (8,807)           (8,697)        (1,244)
      Cash paid for interest                                       (2,808)           (2,774)           (2,684)         (384)
    Supplemental disclosures of non-cash
      investing and financing activities:
     Right-of-use assets acquired under
      operating leases                                            10,890            11,173             16,255         2,324


*    Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025     269
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
      SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

                                                 Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                   other                       Non-            Total
                                                                                                           Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     Retained    controlling   shareholders’
                                                  Shares     Amount         Shares        Amount        paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)    earnings      interests         equity
                                                                   RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB         RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                              (in millions, except share data)

          Balance as of December 31, 2022 3,179,673,067             —* (43,993,820)           (2,493)         184,041            3,473               (959)     29,304        60,167         273,533
          Issuance of ordinary shares           3,761,270           —*          —                 —                472              —                 —            —             —              472
          Dividends                                   —             —           —                 —                 —               —                 —        (6,784)           —            (6,784)
          Repurchase of ordinary shares               —             — (22,678,980)            (2,497)               —               —                 —            —             —            (2,497)
          Exercise of share-based awards              —             —     1,485,726             120                (73)             —                 —            —             —               47
          Share-based compensation and
            vesting of share-based awards             —             —    19,416,652           1,461                453              —                 —            —          2,958           4,872
          Net income/(loss)                           —             —           —                 —                 —               —                 —        24,167          (910)         23,257
          Translation adjustments and
            hedge of net investments
            in foreign operations, net of tax         —             —           —                 —                 —               —              1,862           —           (488)          1,374
          Statutory reserves                          —             —           —                 —                 —            2,636                —        (2,636)           —                —
          Change of the capital from
            non-controlling interest
            shareholders                              —             —           —                 —               (690)             —                 —            —          2,181           1,491
          Others                                      —             —           —                 —                  1              —                 —            —             —                 1

          Balance as of December 31, 2023 3,183,434,337             —* (45,770,422)           (3,409)         184,204            6,109               903       44,051        63,908         295,766


      *       Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




270   JD.com, Inc.
                                          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                              Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                Accumulated
                                                                                                                                              other                      Non-            Total
                                                                                                      Additional       Statutory      comprehensive    Retained    controlling   shareholders’
                                               Shares     Amount          Shares       Amount      paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)   earnings      interests         equity
                                                                RMB                         RMB             RMB             RMB                RMB        RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                         (in millions, except share data)

    Issuance of ordinary shares              4,119,434           —*           —              —                474              —                 —           —             —              474
    Dividends                                      —             —            —              —                 —               —                 —       (8,258)           —            (8,258)
    Repurchase of ordinary shares                  —             — (255,278,178)       (25,912)                —               —                 —           —             —           (25,912)
    Exercise of share-based awards                 —             —       122,670             12                —               —                 —           —             —               12
    Share-based compensation and
      vesting of share-based awards                —             —    16,805,414           1,570             (589)             —                 —           —          1,954           2,935
    Net income                                     —             —            —              —                 —               —                 —       41,359         3,301          44,660
    Translation adjustments and hedge
      of net investments
      in foreign operations, net of tax            —             —            —              —                 —               —                518          —            502           1,020
    Statutory reserves                             —             —            —              —                 —              579                —         (579)           —                —
    Change of the capital from
      non-controlling interest
      shareholders                                 —             —            —              —               (951)             —                 —           —            269             (682)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries and assets         —             —            —              —                 —               —                 —           —          3,532           3,532
    Others                                         —             —            —              —               (734)             —                 —           —             —              (734)

    Balance as of December 31, 2024 3,187,553,771                —* (284,120,516)      (27,739)          182,404            6,688             1,421      76,573        73,466         312,813


*      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  271
      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                                    Ordinary shares              Treasury stock                                                Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                     other                       Non-            Total
                                                                                                             Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     Retained    controlling   shareholders’
                                                     Shares     Amount        Shares        Amount        paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)    earnings      interests         equity
                                                                  RMB                             RMB              RMB             RMB                RMB         RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                                (in millions, except share data)

          Balance as of December 31, 2024 3,187,553,771               —* (284,120,516)       (27,739)           182,404            6,688             1,421       76,573        73,466         312,813

          Dividends                                       —           —            —                —                 —               —                  —      (10,318)           —           (10,318)
          Repurchase of ordinary shares                   —           — (183,239,462)        (21,430)                 —               —                  —           —             —           (21,430)
          Cancellation of Class A ordinary
            shares                              (369,258,738)         —* 369,258,738          38,877             (38,877)             —                  —           —             —                —
          Exercise of share-based awards                  —           —       352,086               41                 (9)            —                  —           —             —               32
          Share-based compensation and
            vesting of share-based awards                 —           —    21,301,372             2,377            1,060              —                  —           —          1,279           4,716
          Net income                                      —           —            —                —                 —               —                  —       19,631         3,511          23,142
          Translation adjustments and
            hedge of net investments
            in foreign operations, net of tax             —           —            —                —                 —               —              (2,596)         —           (712)          (3,308)
          Statutory reserves                              —           —            —                —                 —              929                 —         (929)           —                —
          Change of the capital from
            non-controlling
            interest shareholders                         —           —            —                —              4,586              —                  —           —         (8,801)          (4,215)
          Share of changes in the equity
            method investee’s capital                    —            —            —                —             (7,649)             —                  —           —             —            (7,649)

          Balance as of December 31, 2025 2,818,295,033               —* (76,447,782)         (7,874)           141,515            7,617             (1,175)     84,957        68,743         293,783


      *      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




272   JD.com, Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   Principal Activities and Organization
     JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider, providing products
     and services to consumers, third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners through its subsidiaries,
     consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”).

     The Group operates e-commerce business, including online retail and online marketplace mainly through its
     retail mobile apps and www.jd.com website (collectively, “JD Platform”). The Group serves consumers through
     online retail, focusing on product selection, price and convenience, serves third-party merchants through online
     marketplace, including on-demand platform services, offering programs that enable the merchants to sell their
     products on JD Platform and to fulfill the orders either by themselves or through the Group’s logistics services.
     Leveraging its Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities and technologies, the Group provides a variety of marketing
     services to business partners through its proprietary advertisement technology platform. Leveraging its leading
     logistics network, the Group provides integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services, primarily including
     warehousing and distribution services, express and freight services, on-demand delivery services and other
     value-added services to third parties, including both third-party merchants and suppliers on JD Platform and
     other business partners, through JD Logistics, Inc. (“JD Logistics”), the Group’s logistics subsidiary. The Group
     also operates healthcare business through JD Health International Inc. (“JD Health”), establishes platform for
     developing and managing modern infrastructure through JINGDONG Property, Inc. (“JD Property”, formerly
     known as JD Property Group Corporation), empowers industrial development by supply chain technology and
     services through JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (“JD Industrials”, formerly known as JD Industrial Technology Inc.).

     The Company’s American depositary shares (“ADS”) have been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
     under the symbol “JD” and the Company’s ordinary shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) under the stock codes “9618 (HKD counter)” and “89618 (RMB
     counter)”. Each ADS represents two ordinary shares.

     The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or
     “China”). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company,
     its subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        273
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s major subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’
           subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                    Equity
                                                                 interest held    Place and date of incorporation
             Subsidiaries
             Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd.
               (“Jingdong Century”)                                 100%              Beijing, China, April 2007
             Jiangsu Jingdong Information Technology Co., Ltd.      100%             Jiangsu, China, June 2009
             Shanghai Shengdayuan Information Technology
               Co., Ltd.                                            100%             Shanghai, China, April 2011
             JD Logistics Holding Limited                            63%           Hong Kong, China, August 2011
             Jingdong Technology Group Corporation                  100%          Cayman Islands, November 2011
             JINGDONG Property, Inc.                                 75%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
             JD Logistics, Inc.                                      63%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
             Jingdong E-Commerce (Trade) Hong Kong Co., Ltd.        100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
             JD.com International Limited                           100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
             Beijing Jingdong Shangke Information Technology
               Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Shangke”)                        100%             Beijing, China, March 2012
             Chongqing Jingdong Haijia E-commerce
               Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Haijia”)                       100%            Chongqing, China, June 2014
             JD.com Investment Limited                              100%            British Virgin Islands (“BVI”),
                                                                                            January 2015
             JD Asia Development Limited                             75%         British Virgin Islands, February 2015
             Suqian Hanbang Investment Management Co., Ltd.         100%            Jiangsu, China, January 2016
             Jiangsu Xinchuan Hailian Supply Chain
                Management Co., Ltd.                                 63%              Jiangsu, China, May 2017
             JD Assets Holding Limited                              100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
             JD Property Holding Limited                            100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
             Beijing Wodong Tianjun Information Technology
               Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Wodong Tianjun”)                 100%              Beijing, China, May 2018
             JD Health International Inc.                            67%          Cayman Islands, November 2018
             JD Jiankang Limited                                    100%           British Virgin Islands, April 2019
             JD Industrial Technology Limited                       100%         British Virgin Islands, October 2019
             JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.                              71%          Cayman Islands, November 2019
             Jingdong Logistics Supply Chain Co., Ltd.               63%             Jiangsu, China, June 2020
             Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd.               100%             Jiangsu, China, March 2019




274   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
                                                              Equity
                                                           interest held    Place and date of incorporation
      Subsidiaries (Continued)
      JD Sunflower Investment Limited(“JD Sunflower”)         100%         British Virgin Islands, February 2016


      Consolidated VIEs
      Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-commerce Co., Ltd.
        (“Jingdong 360”)                                                        Beijing, China, April 2007
      Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-commerce Co., Ltd.
         (“Jiangsu Yuanzhou”)                                               Jiangsu, China, September 2010
      Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management
         Co., Ltd. (“Jingdong Bangneng”)                                      Jiangsu, China, August 2015
      Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology
         Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng”)                                 Shaanxi, China, June 2017
      Suqian Hanyu Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suqian Hanyu”)                     Jiangsu, China, December 2024


      Consolidated VIEs’ Subsidiaries
      Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd.
        (“Beijing Jingbangda”)                                                 Beijing, China, August 2012
      Suqian Juhe Digital Enterprise Management
        Co., Ltd. ("Suqian Juhe")                                              Jiangsu, China, June 2020




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025        275
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           Organization
           The Company was incorporated in the BVI in November 2006 and was re-domiciled in the Cayman Islands in
           January 2014 as an exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands.


           As of December 31, 2025, the Company effectively controls multiple PRC domestic entities as VIEs through their
           respective primary beneficiaries who are subsidiaries of the Company. The paid-in capital of each of these PRC
           domestic entities was funded by the Company, and they were established to facilitate the Group’s operations
           and business expansion plans and comply with the PRC laws and regulations which prohibit or restrict foreign
           ownership of the companies where the PRC operating licenses are required. The representative PRC domestic
           entities and its subsidiaries are Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Jingdong Bangneng, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng,
           Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd., Suqian Hanyu, and Beijing Jingbangda.


           Consolidated variable interest entities
           In order to comply with the PRC laws and regulations which prohibit or restrict foreign control of companies
           involved in provision of internet content and other restricted businesses, the Group operates its websites and
           other restricted businesses in the Chinese mainland through certain PRC domestic companies, whose equity
           interests are held by certain individuals (“Nominee Shareholders”). The Group obtained control over these
           PRC domestic companies by entering into a series of contractual arrangements with these PRC domestic
           companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders. These contractual agreements are substantially similar
           in key aspects governing the contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity of the Group, include loan
           agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive technology consulting and services agreements
           or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable, intellectual property rights license agreement,
           equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, business cooperation agreement and business operation
           agreements. These contractual agreements can be extended at the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries’ options
           prior to the expiration date. Management concluded that these PRC domestic companies are consolidated
           VIEs of the Group, of which the Group is the ultimate primary beneficiary. As such, the Group consolidated the
           financial results of these PRC domestic companies and their subsidiaries in the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements. Refer to Note 2(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the principles of consolidation.




276   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
     The following is a summary of the contractual agreements (collectively, “Contractual Agreements”) that the
     Group, through its subsidiaries, entered into with the consolidated VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders:


     Loan agreements
     Pursuant to the relevant loan agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have granted interest-free
     loans to the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs with the sole purpose of providing funds necessary for
     the capital injection to the relevant VIEs. The loans for initial and subsequent capital injections are eliminated
     with the capital of the relevant VIEs during consolidation. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries can require the
     Nominee Shareholders to settle the loan amount with the equity interests of the relevant VIEs, subject to any
     applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. The loan agreements are renewable upon expiration.


     Exclusive purchase option agreements
     The Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have granted the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries the exclusive and
     irrevocable rights to purchase from the Nominee Shareholders, to the extent permitted under the PRC laws
     and regulations, part or all of the equity interests in these entities for a purchase price equal to the lowest price
     permitted by the PRC laws and regulations. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries may exercise such option at
     any time. In addition, the VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders have agreed that without prior written consent of
     the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries, they will not transfer or otherwise dispose the equity interests or declare
     any dividend.


     Exclusive technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business
     cooperation agreements
     The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and relevant VIEs entered into exclusive technology consulting and
     services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable, under which the relevant
     VIEs engage the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their exclusive provider of technical platform and technical
     support, business support, maintenance and other services. The VIEs shall pay to the Group’s relevant PRC
     subsidiaries service fees determined based on the volume and market price of the service provided. All the
     benefits and interests generated from the agreements, including but not limited to intellectual property rights,
     know-how and trade secrets, will be the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries’ sole and exclusive rights. During the
     term of the agreements, the relevant VIEs may not enter into any agreement with third parties for the provision
     of identical or similar services without prior consent of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         277
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           Equity pledge agreements
           Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreements, the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have pledged
           all of their equity interests in the relevant VIEs to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as collateral for all
           of their payments due to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and to secure their obligations under the
           above agreements. The Nominee Shareholders may not transfer or assign the equity interests, the rights and
           obligations in the equity pledge agreements or create or permit to create any pledges which may have an
           adverse effect on the rights or benefits of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries without the Group’s relevant
           PRC subsidiaries’ preapproval. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries are entitled to transfer or assign in full
           or in part the equity interests pledged. In the event of default, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as the
           pledgee, will be entitled to request immediate repayment of the loans or to dispose of the pledged equity
           interests through transfer or assignment.


           Powers of attorney
           Pursuant to the irrevocable powers of attorney, each of the Nominee Shareholders appointed any person
           designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder rights
           under the PRC laws and the relevant articles of association, including but not limited to, voting on their behalf on
           all matters requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the Nominee Shareholders’ equity interests,
           and electing, appointing or removing directors and the general managers of the VIEs. Each power of attorney
           will remain in force during the period when the Nominee Shareholders continue to be the shareholders of the
           VIEs. Each of the Nominee Shareholders has waived all the rights which have been authorized to the person
           designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries under each power of attorney.


           Business operation agreements
           Pursuant to the business operation agreements, the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs must appoint
           the candidates nominated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be the directors on the VIEs’ board of
           directors in accordance with applicable laws and the articles of association of the VIEs, and must cause the
           persons recommended by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be appointed as the VIEs’ general manager,
           chief financial officer and other senior executives.




278   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
     Risks in relations to the VIE structure
     The Company believes that the contractual arrangements among its subsidiaries, the VIEs and their owners are
     in compliance with the current PRC laws and legally enforceable. However, uncertainties in the interpretation
     and enforcement of the PRC laws, regulations and policies could limit the Company’s ability to enforce these
     contractual arrangements. As a result, the Company may be unable to consolidate the VIEs and VIEs’ subsidiaries
     in the consolidated financial statements in the future. The Company’s ability to control the VIEs also depends on
     the authorization by the shareholders of the VIEs to exercise voting rights on all matters requiring shareholders’
     approval in the VIEs. The Company believes that the agreements on authorization to exercise shareholders’
     voting power are legally enforceable. In addition, if the legal structure and contractual arrangements with the
     VIEs are found to be in violation of any future PRC laws and regulations, the Company may be subject to fines or
     potentially be forced to relinquish Company’s interests in those operations.


     The following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and changes in cash, cash equivalents,
     and restricted cash of the consolidated VIEs (where appropriate, the term “VIEs” also refers to its subsidiaries
     as a whole) structured by the Contractual Agreements, which have eliminated the intercompany transactions
     within the consolidated VIEs:

                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                                2024              2025
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

       Total assets                                                                           85,451            64,501
       Total liabilities                                                                      71,509            58,143


                                                                           For the year ended December 31,
                                                                              2023              2024              2025
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

       Total net revenues                                                  145,795           166,067           173,149
       Net income                                                            2,503             6,263             8,043




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        279
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           Risks in relations to the VIE structure (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2023              2024             2025
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

             Net cash provided by operating activities                            3,291            10,968            1,343
             Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                  3,324             (3,482)          7,873
             Net cash used in financing activities                                 (900)            (9,782)        (12,805)

             Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents,
              and restricted cash                                                 5,715             (2,296)          (3,589)
             Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
               at beginning of year                                               5,190            10,905            8,609

             Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
               at end of year                                                    10,905             8,609            5,020



           As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the total assets of the consolidated VIEs excluding the intra-company
           balances and transactions within the Group were RMB83,392 million and RMB62,964 million, respectively,
           which were consisting of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, accounts
           receivable, net, inventories, net, marketable securities and other investments, investments in equity investees,
           property, equipment and software, net, operating lease right-of-use assets and prepayments and other
           assets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the total liabilities of the consolidated VIEs after eliminating the
           intra-company balances and transactions within the Group were RMB42,197 million and RMB36,482 million,
           respectively, which were consisting of short-term debts, accounts payable, operating lease liabilities, accrued
           expenses and other liabilities.


           For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the total net revenues of the consolidated VIEs were
           RMB85,140 million, RMB101,218 million and RMB88,489 million, respectively, which have been reflected in the
           Group’s consolidated financial statements with the intra-company transactions within the Group eliminated.


           In accordance with the Contractual Agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have the power to direct
           activities of the consolidated VIEs, and can have assets transferred out of the consolidated VIEs. Therefore, the
           Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries consider that there is no asset in the consolidated VIEs that can be used only
           to settle their obligations except for registered capitals and the PRC statutory reserves of the consolidated VIEs
           amounting to RMB3,397 million as of December 31, 2025. As the consolidated VIEs are incorporated as limited
           liability companies under the PRC Company Law, the creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the
           Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries for all the liabilities of the consolidated VIEs. As of December 31, 2024 and
           2025, the total shareholders’ equity of the consolidated VIEs was RMB13,942 million and RMB6,358 million,
           respectively.



280   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1.   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
     Risks in relations to the VIE structure (Continued)
     Currently there is no contractual arrangement that could require the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries or the
     Group to provide additional financial support to the consolidated VIEs. As the Group conducts certain businesses
     in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated VIEs, the Group may provide additional financial support on a
     discretionary basis in the future, which could expose the Group to a loss.


2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     a.   Basis of presentation
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the accounting
          principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Significant accounting
          policies followed by the Group in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
          are summarized below. All amounts, except for share, per share data or otherwise noted, are rounded to
          the nearest million.


     b.   Principles of consolidation
          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and
          the consolidated VIEs for which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary. Subsidiaries are those
          entities in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power; or
          has the power to govern the financial and operating policies, to appoint or remove the majority of the
          members of the board of directors, or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of directors.


          A consolidated VIE is an entity in which the Company, or its subsidiaries, through the Contractual
          Arrangements, bear the risks of, and enjoy the rewards normally associated with, ownership of the entity,
          and therefore the Company or its subsidiaries are the primary beneficiary of the entity.


          All transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries and the consolidated VIEs have been
          eliminated upon consolidation.


     c.   Reclassifications
          Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior years’ consolidated financial statements to conform
          to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on net income, shareholders’
          equity, or cash flows as previously reported.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025       281
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           d.    Non-controlling interests
                 For the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs, non-controlling interests are recognized to
                 reflect the portion of their equity that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company as the
                 controlling shareholder. Non-controlling interests are classified as a separate line item in the equity
                 section of the Group’s consolidated balance sheets and have been separately disclosed in the Group’s
                 consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income to distinguish the interests from that
                 of the Company. With respect to impairment losses of goodwill and intangible assets of the Company’s
                 subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs, the Company attributes impairment losses on the basis of the relative
                 ownership interests of the parent and non-controlling shareholders.

           e.    Use of estimates
                 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
                 management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
                 liabilities, related disclosures of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the reported revenues
                 and expenses during the reported period in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
                 notes. Significant accounting estimates are used for, but not limited to, returns allowance, vendor rebates,
                 taxation, fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, fair value of certain equity
                 investees, assessment for impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill, investments in equity investees,
                 allowance for doubtful accounts including expected credit losses, inventory reserve for excess and
                 obsolete inventories, lower of cost and net realizable value of inventories, depreciable lives of property,
                 equipment and software, useful lives of intangible assets and the discount rate for lease. Actual results
                 may differ materially from those estimates.

           f.    Foreign currency translation
                 The Group’s reporting currency is Renminbi (“RMB”) as the major operations of the Group are within the
                 PRC. The functional currency of the Company is the U.S. dollars (“US$”). The Group’s PRC subsidiaries
                 and consolidated VIEs generally determined their functional currency to be RMB. The Group’s subsidiaries
                 and consolidated VIEs determined their functional currencies based on the criteria of ASC Topic 830,
                 Foreign Currency Matters.

                 Transactions denominated in currencies other than functional currency are translated into functional
                 currency at the exchange rates quoted by authoritative banks prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
                 Exchange gains and losses resulting from those foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency
                 other than the functional currency are recorded as a component of “others, net” in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income.

                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group are translated from the functional currency into RMB.
                 Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into RMB using the applicable
                 exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts other than earnings generated in the current
                 year are translated into RMB at the appropriate historical rates. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses are
                 translated into RMB using the periodic average exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency translation
                 adjustments are recorded in “accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)” as a component of
                 shareholders’ equity.



282   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     f.   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
          The Company designates certain non-derivative instruments to hedge its net investments in certain foreign
          operations, to manage exposure in exchange rates. In December 2023, the Company designated the
          principal of its 8.3 billion of RMB denominated debt to hedge its $US denominated net investment in a
          certain subsidiary with functional currency of RMB. The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument
          that is determined to be effective, referring to the exchange rate effect, is recognized directly in equity in
          “accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)”, net of income taxes, while the ineffective portion
          and the operating costs are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
          income. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the net investment hedge is deemed
          to be perfectly effective. The gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognized directly in
          “accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)” shall be recognized in the consolidated statements of
          operations and comprehensive income when the disposal of the foreign subsidiary occurs. The Group also
          holds certain foreign currency forward contracts with an intention to offset the exposure to the changes in
          value of certain foreign currency denominated assets or/and liabilities, but not all of them are designated as
          hedges accounting. Please refer to Note 2(j).


     g.   Convenience translation
          Translations of the consolidated balance sheets, the consolidated statements of operations and
          comprehensive income and the consolidated statements of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and for
          the year ended December 31, 2025 are solely for the convenience of the readers and were calculated
          at the rate of US$1.00=RMB6.9931, representing the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical
          release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board on December 31, 2025. No representation is made that the
          RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into US$ at that rate on
          December 31, 2025, or at any other rate.


     h.   Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on hand and time deposits which have original
          maturities of three months or less.


     i.   Restricted cash
          Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal or for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the face
          of the consolidated balance sheets, and is included in the “total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
          cash” in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Group’s restricted cash mainly includes security
          deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance and letter of guarantee.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        283
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           j.    Short-term investments
                 Short-term investments include wealth management products, time deposits placed with banks with
                 original maturities longer than three months but less than one year and maturities less than one year, and
                 foreign currency forward contract. Wealth management products are certain deposits with variable interest
                 rates or principal not-guaranteed with certain financial institutions. The Group elects the fair value option
                 to record wealth management products with variable interest rates as well as principal not guaranteed and
                 deposits mainly indexed to foreign exchange with maturities less than one year at fair value in accordance
                 with ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments. Changes in the fair value are reflected in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income. The Group also holds deposits that earn fixed
                 interest rate return only if the Group hold the securities to maturity. As the Group has the positive
                 intent and ability to hold the deposits to maturity, they are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at
                 amortized cost. The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts to offset the exposure to the change
                 in value of certain foreign currency denominated assets or/and liabilities held at foreign subsidiaries that
                 are remeasured at the end of each period. Foreign currency forward contracts which are not designated as
                 hedges are recorded as assets or/and liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair
                 value reflected in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.


           k.    Accounts receivable, net
                 Accounts receivable represents the amounts that the Group has an unconditional right to consideration,
                 and are recorded net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

                 The Group, in collaboration with Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. (“JD Technology”), provides
                 consumer financing to the qualified customers in the online retail business, such consumer financing
                 receivables are recorded as accounts receivable. Due to the legacy contractual arrangements with
                 JD Technology, the Group remains as the legal owner of the consumer financing receivables, where
                 JD Technology performs the related credit assessment and is obligated to purchase the consumer
                 financing receivables past due over certain agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values to
                 absorb the risks and obtain the returns from such financing arrangements. As such, no allowance for
                 doubtful accounts were provided. The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes
                 consumer financing receivables through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles. Please refer
                 to Note 2(w). In addition, the Group transfers ownership of some of its accounts receivable originated from
                 qualified corporate customers to JD Technology without recourse.

                 Other than the accounts receivable arising from the consumer financing, the Group evaluates its accounts
                 receivable for expected credit losses on a regular basis. The Group maintains an estimated allowance
                 for credit losses to reduce its accounts receivable to the amount that it believes will be collected. The
                 Group uses the length of time a balance has been outstanding, the payment history, creditworthiness and
                 financial conditions of the customers and industry trend as credit quality indicators to monitor the Group’s
                 receivables within the scope of expected credit losses model, along with reasonable and supportable
                 forecasts as a basis to develop the Group’s expected loss estimates. The Group adjusts the allowance
                 percentage periodically when there are significant differences between estimated bad debts and actual
                 bad debts. If there is strong evidence indicating that the accounts receivable is likely to be unrecoverable,
                 the Group also makes specific allowance in the period in which a loss is determined to be probable.
                 Accounts receivable balances are written off after all collection efforts have been exhausted.


284   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     l.   Inventories, net
          Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable
          value. Cost of inventories is mainly determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are
          recorded to write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving
          merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and
          forecasted consumer demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. The Group takes ownership,
          risks and rewards of the products purchased, but has arrangements to return unsold goods with certain
          vendors. Write downs are recorded in “cost of revenues” in the consolidated statements of operations
          and comprehensive income.


          The Group also provides fulfillment-related services in connection with the Group’s online marketplace.
          Third-party merchants maintain ownership of their inventories and therefore these products are not
          included in the Group’s inventories.


     m.   Loan receivables, net
          Loan receivables represent the consumer financing, in collaboration with JD Technology, provided
          to qualified individual customers on the Group’s online marketplace. Due to the legacy contractual
          arrangements with JD Technology, the Group remains as the legal owner of the consumer financing
          receivables, including such loan receivables, where JD Technology performs the related credit assessment
          and absorbs the credit risks. The loan terms extended to the customers generally range from 1 month to
          24 months. As JD Technology is obligated to purchase the receivables past due over certain agreed period
          of time from the Group at carrying values to absorb the credit risks, no provision for doubtful accounts was
          recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. The loan receivables were measured at
          amortized cost and reported in the consolidated balance sheets at outstanding principal. As of December
          31, 2024 and 2025, the loan receivables with the collection period less than one year amounting to
          RMB1,279 million and RMB1,476 million, respectively, were classified into “prepayments and other current
          assets” in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the loan receivables with
          the collection period over one year amounting to RMB373 million and RMB860 million, respectively, were
          classified into “other non-current assets” in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash paid for loan originations
          and cash received from loan repayments are classified as investing activities in the consolidated statements
          of cash flows. The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes loan receivables
          through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles, please refer to Note 2(w).




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        285
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           n.    Property, equipment and software, net
                 Property, equipment and software are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
                 Property, equipment and software are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
                 impairment and residual value, if any, over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The estimated
                 useful lives of major property, equipment and software are as follows:


                     Category                                                             Estimated useful lives

                     Electronic equipment                                                        3–5 years
                     Software                                                                    3–5 years
                     Vehicles                                                                    3–6 years
                     Office equipment                                                             5 years
                     Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                             5–10 years
                     Leasehold improvement                                        Over the shorter of the expected life of
                                                                                leasehold improvements or the lease term
                     Building                                                                   18–40 years
                     Building improvement                                                       5–10 years
                     Land                                                                        Indefinite



                 Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expenses as incurred, whereas the costs of renewals and
                 betterment that extend the useful lives of property, equipment and software are capitalized as additions
                 to the related assets. Retirements, sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the costs,
                 accumulated depreciation and impairment with any resulting gain or loss recognized in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income.


           o.    Construction in progress
                 Direct costs that are related to the construction of property, equipment and software and incurred in
                 connection with bringing the assets to their intended use are capitalized as construction in progress.
                 Construction in progress is transferred to specific property, equipment and software items and the
                 depreciation of these assets commences when the assets are ready for their intended use. As of
                 December 31, 2024 and 2025, construction in progress were primarily relating to the construction of office
                 buildings and warehouses.


           p.    Land use rights, net
                 Land use rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided on a
                 straight‑line basis over the estimated useful lives which are 18 to 70 years and represent the shorter of the
                 estimated usage periods or the terms of the agreements.




286   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     q.   Intangible assets, net
          Intangible assets purchased from third parties are initially recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line
          basis over the estimated economic useful lives. The Group performs valuation of the intangible assets
          arising from business combination to determine the fair value to be assigned to each asset acquired. The
          Group determines the fair value using the appropriate approach which requires management to make
          significant estimates and assumptions. The acquired intangible assets are recognized and measured at fair
          value and are expensed or amortized using the straight-line approach over the estimated economic useful
          lives of the assets.


          The estimated useful lives of major intangible assets are as follows:


            Category                                                                Estimated useful lives

            Customer relationship                                                          3–10 years
            Technology and others                                                          3–10 years
            Non-compete                                                                    5–8 years
            Domain names and trademarks                                                    5–20 years


     r.   Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and
          liabilities acquired in a business combination.


          Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31,
          and in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate that the
          asset might be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other (Topic 350):
          Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
          guidance on testing of goodwill for impairment, the Group first assesses qualitative factors to determine
          whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If
          as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
          less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing
          is required. The quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting
          unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its
          fair value, an impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and its
          carrying amount will be recorded.


          Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the
          identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to
          reporting units, and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair
          value of reporting units includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates
          and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the
          determination of fair value for each reporting unit.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         287
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           s.    Asset acquisition
                 When the Group acquires other entities, if the assets acquired and liabilities assumed do not constitute a
                 business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. Assets are recognized based on their
                 cost, which generally includes the transaction costs of the asset acquisition. The cost of a group of assets
                 acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on
                 their relative fair values and does not give rise to goodwill.


                 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Group entered into several transactions,
                 which were accounted for as asset acquisitions, to acquire certain assets for development purpose,
                 mainly including RMB5,997 million, RMB4,079 million and RMB3,707 million of property, equipment and
                 software, net, RMB1,009 million, RMB144 million and RMB73 million of construction in progress and
                 RMB2,638 million, RMB240 million and RMB700 million of land use rights, respectively.

           t.    Investments in equity investees
                 Investments in equity investees represents the Group’s investments in privately held companies, publicly
                 traded companies and private equity funds. The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account
                 for an equity investment, in common stock or in-substance common stock, according to ASC Topic 323,
                 Investment — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”), over which it has significant influence but
                 does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.


                 An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward
                 characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity’s common stock. The Group considers
                 subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and obligation to transfer value when determining whether
                 an investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that entity’s common stock.

                 Under the equity method, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the equity investees
                 are recorded in “share of results of equity investees” in the consolidated statements of operations and
                 comprehensive income and its share of post-acquisition movements of accumulated other comprehensive
                 income/(loss) are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) as a component of
                 shareholders’ equity. The Group records its share of the results of equity investments in publicly listed
                 companies and certain privately held companies on one quarter in arrears basis. The excess of the carrying
                 amount of the investment over the underlying equity in net assets of the equity investee represents
                 goodwill and intangible assets acquired. When the Group’s share of losses in the equity investee equals or
                 exceeds its interest in the equity investee, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless the Group
                 has incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of the equity investee, or the Group
                 holds other investments in the equity investee.


                 The Group continually reviews its investments in equity investees under equity method to determine
                 whether a decline in fair value to below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors the
                 Group considers in its determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, financial and
                 business performance, cash position and, recent financing rounds. If the decline in fair value is deemed to
                 be other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the equity investee is written down to fair value.



288   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     t.   Investments in equity investees (Continued)
          Private equity funds pursue various investment strategies, including event driven and multi-strategy.
          Investments in private equity funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature of
          these funds. These private equity funds, over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise
          significant influence, are accounted for under the existing practical expedient in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value
          Measurements and Disclosures to estimate fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
          of the investment (“NAV practical expedient”).


          The Group’s equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which do not qualify for NAV
          practical expedient and over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence
          through the investments in common stock or in substance common stock, are accounted for under the
          measurement alternative (the “Measurement Alternative”) in accordance with ASU 2016-01, Financial
          Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10) — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
          Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016-01”). Under the Measurement Alternative, the carrying value is measured
          at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly
          transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. All gains and losses on these
          investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements
          of operations and comprehensive income. The Group makes assessment of whether an investment is
          impaired based on performance and financial position of the investee as well as other evidence of market
          value at each reporting date. Such assessment includes, but is not limited to, financial and business
          performance, cash position and recent financing rounds. The Group recognizes an impairment loss equal
          to the difference between the carrying value and fair value in “others, net” in the consolidated statements
          of operations and comprehensive income if there is any. When the investments become qualified for use
          of the equity method, the Group remeasures the previously held interest in the investments at fair value,
          if any observable price changes in orderly transactions identified for an identical or a similar investment,
          immediately before it applying the equity method, in accordance with ASU 2020-01, Investments — Equity
          Securities (Topic 321), Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323).


     u.   Marketable securities and other investments
          The Group invests in marketable equity securities and other investments to meet business objectives.
          The marketable securities are classified as investments with readily determinable fair values, which
          are reported at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, the unrealized gains and losses on equity
          securities are recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
          income under ASU 2016-01.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025        289
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           u.    Marketable securities and other investments (Continued)
                 Other investments are comprised of time deposits placed with banks and wealth management products
                 with maturities more than one year. For wealth management products with variable interest rates as well
                 as principal not guaranteed and deposits mainly indexed to foreign exchange, the Group elected the fair
                 value option to account for them at fair value with changes in fair value recorded under “others, net” in
                 the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. For wealth management products
                 and deposits that earn fixed interest rate return only if the Group held the securities to maturity, the Group
                 classified them as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost considering its positive intent and ability
                 to hold them to maturity.


           v.    Impairment of long-lived assets
                 Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as
                 a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate
                 that the carrying value of an asset or an asset group may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life
                 is shorter than the Group had originally estimated. When these events occur, the Group evaluates the
                 impairment for the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value of the asset or the asset group to
                 an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the asset or the
                 asset group and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less
                 than the carrying value of the asset or the asset group, the Group recognizes an impairment loss based on
                 the excess of the carrying value of the asset or the asset group over its fair value.


           w.    Nonrecourse securitization debt and transfer of financial assets
                 The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes accounts receivable and loan
                 receivables arising from consumer financing through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles.
                 The securitization vehicles then issue (1) debt securities to third-party investors and JD Technology,
                 or (2) trust beneficiary rights to the Group which are immediately transferred to third-party investors,
                 collateralized by the transferred assets. The asset-backed debt securities issued by the securitization
                 vehicles and the trust beneficiary rights transferred by the Group are nonrecourse to the Group and are
                 payable only out of collections on their respective underlying collateralized assets.




290   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     w.   Nonrecourse securitization debt and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
          The Group does not consolidate the securitization vehicles when no economic interests are retained by the
          Group, and the Group has no continuing involvements, including the servicer of the securitization vehicles.
          Transfers are accounted for as sale and corresponding transferred accounts receivable are de-recognized in
          the consolidated balance sheets pursuant to ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing (“ASC 860”), only if
          they meet all of the three criteria: (i) the transferred financial assets have been isolated from the transferor
          and its creditor, (ii) each transferee has the rights to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, or the
          transferor has no continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets, and (iii) the transferor does
          not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets or third-party beneficial interests related
          to those transferred assets. Otherwise, the transfers of the assets are accounted for as a financing type
          transaction if the conditions in ASC 860-10-40-5 are not met. The common control relationship between
          the transferor and transferee is not considered when applying the derecognition criteria under ASC 860 as
          the transferee is not a consolidated affiliate or subsidiary of the transferor. The gain/loss recorded upon the
          sale accounting was immaterial for the periods presented.


     x.   Unsecured senior notes and long-term debts
          Unsecured senior notes are recognized initially at fair value, net of debt discounts or premiums and debt
          issuance costs. Convertible senior notes are determined appropriately in accordance with the terms in
          relation to the conversion feature, call or/and put options, and other embedded features, if applicable.
          After considering the impact of such features, the Group may account for such instrument as a liability
          in its entirety, or separate the instrument into debt or/and equity components following the respective
          guidance described under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging and ASC Topic 470, Debt. Debt
          discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction of the principal amount and
          the related accretion is recorded as “interest expense” in the consolidated statements of operations and
          comprehensive income over the earliest maturity date of the notes using the effective interest method.


          Long-term debts are recognized at carrying amount. Interest expense is accrued over the estimated term
          of the facilities and recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.


     y.   Fair value
          Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to
          transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When
          determining the fair value measurement for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at
          fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it
          considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


          The Group measures certain financial assets, including investments under the equity method on
          other-than-temporary basis, investments under the Measurement Alternative, intangible assets, goodwill
          and fixed assets at fair value when an impairment charge is recognized.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         291
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           y.    Fair value (Continued)
                 Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of
                 observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial
                 instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
                 significant to the fair value measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that may
                 be used to measure fair value:


                 Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in
                            active markets.


                 Level 2 — Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


                 Level 3 — Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


                 Accounting guidance also describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and
                 liabilities: (1) market approach; (2) income approach and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses
                 prices and other relevant information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable
                 assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single
                 present value amount. The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations
                 about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required
                 to replace an asset.


           z.    Revenues
                 Consistent with the criteria of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), the
                 Group recognizes revenues when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised
                 good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when the customer obtains
                 control of that asset.


                 In accordance with ASC 606, the Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of
                 product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal
                 and when the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to
                 the customers, the revenues are recognized in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                 to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
                 and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified goods
                 or services, the revenues are recognized in the net amount for the amount of commission which the
                 Group earns in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.
                 Revenues are recorded net of value added taxes.




292   JD.com, Inc.
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     z.   Revenues (Continued)
          The Group recognizes revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered
          and title is passed to customers. Significant judgement is required to estimate return allowances. For
          online retail business with return conditions, the Group reasonably estimates the possibility of return
          based on the historical experience, changes in judgments on these assumptions and such estimates could
          materially impact the amount of net revenues recognized. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, liabilities
          for return allowances were RMB1,029 million and RMB1,063 million, respectively, which were included in
          “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities”. The rights to recover products from customers associated
          with the Group’s liabilities for return allowances are the Group’s assets, which were RMB1,056 million and
          RMB1,115 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively, and were included in “Prepayments
          and other current assets”.


          The Group also sells prepaid cards which can be redeemed to purchase products sold on the JD Platform.
          In accordance with ASC 606, the cash collected from the sales of prepaid cards is initially recorded in
          “advance from customers” in the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognized as revenues
          upon the sales of the respective products through redemption of prepaid cards are completed. The Group
          recognizes revenues from estimated unredeemed prepaid cards over the expected customer redemption
          periods, rather than waiting until prepaid cards expire or when the likelihood of redemption becomes
          remote in accordance with ASC 606.


          Revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units of accounting based
          on the stand-alone selling price (“SSP”) of each separate unit. In instances where SSP is not directly
          observable, such as the Group does not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of
          the selling prices of the deliverables, considerations are allocated using estimated selling prices based on
          adjusted market assessment approach.


          Net Product Revenues
          The Group recognizes the product revenues from the online retail business on a gross basis as the
          Group is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to
          provide the specified goods. Revenues from the sales of electronics and home appliance products were
          RMB538,799 million, RMB564,982 million and RMB605,131 million, and revenues from the sales of
          general merchandise products were RMB332,425 million, RMB363,025 million and RMB418,671 million,
          for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The Group’s net product revenues
          were mainly generated by the JD Retail segment.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025        293
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           z.    Revenues (Continued)
                 Net Service Revenues
                 The Group charges commission fees to third-party merchants for participating in the Group’s online
                 marketplace, where the Group generally is acting as an agent and its performance obligation is to arrange
                 for the provision of the specified goods or services by those third-party merchants. Upon successful sales,
                 the Group charges the third-party merchants a negotiated amount or a fixed rate commission fee based
                 on the sales amount. Commission fee revenues are recognized on a net basis at the point of delivery of
                 products, net of return allowances.

                 The Group provides marketing services to third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners
                 on its various website channels and third-party marketing affiliate’s websites, including but not limited to
                 pay for performance marketing services on which the customers are charged based on effective clicks on
                 their product information, and display advertising services that allow customers to place advertisements
                 on various websites. The Group recognizes revenues from pay for performance marketing services based
                 on effective clicks, and recognizes revenues from display advertising services ratably over the period
                 during which the advertising services are provided or on the number of times that the advertisement
                 has been displayed based on cost per thousand impressions. The Group did not enter into material
                 advertising‑for‑advertising barter transactions for the periods presented.

                 The Group offers integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services, primarily including warehousing
                 and distribution services, express and freight, as well as on-demand delivery services. Revenues from
                 integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services are recognized over time because of the continuous
                 transfer of control to the customers, while revenues from the on-demand delivery services are recognized
                 at the point of delivery of merchandise.

                 The Group also provides on-demand retail platform services, which include JD Food Delivery. The Group
                 acts as an agent and charges the merchants a fixed rate commission fee based on the sales amount and
                 commission fee revenues on a net basis at the point of delivery of merchandise upon successful sales.
                 In addition, the Group fulfills the delivery needs of merchants and personnel customers, the Group has
                 determined that it acts as the principal in the delivery service and recognizes revenues on a gross basis
                 at a pre-determined amount for each completed delivery. These on-demand retail platform services and
                 corresponding delivery services are usually included in the same contract with the customers, and each
                 service is considered distinct and is determined to be a separate performance obligation. The transaction
                 price is allocated on the basis of relative SSP, which is based on the observable price of each service that
                 provided by the Group separately.

                 JD Plus memberships provide the Group’s core customers with a better shopping experience, access to
                 an evolving suite of benefits that represent a single stand-ready obligation. Subscriptions are paid for at the
                 time of or in advance of delivering the services. Revenues from such arrangements are recognized over
                 the subscription period.

                 The Group offers comprehensive customer services, primarily including 7*24 hours customer services to
                 respond to customers’ post-sales requests, return and exchange services to facilitate customers’ return,
                 exchange and repair of defective goods. These services are free of charge. The Group also provides return/
                 exchange logistics services to the customers, of which the revenues recognized were not material for the
                 periods presented.
294   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     z.   Revenues (Continued)
          Net Service Revenues (Continued)
          Revenues from online marketplace and marketing services were RMB84,726 million, RMB90,111 million
          and RMB107,131 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, which
          were mainly generated by the JD Retail segment. Revenues from logistics and other services were
          RMB128,712 million, RMB140,701 million and RMB178,152 million, for the years ended December 31,
          2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, which were mainly generated by the JD Logistics segment.

     aa. Contract balances
          Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable
          represent amounts invoiced and revenues recognized prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied the
          Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional rights to payment.

          Unearned revenues consist of payments received or awards to customers related to unsatisfied
          performance obligation at the end of the period and are recognized in “Deferred revenues” and “Advance
          from customers” in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. The non-current portion of deferred revenues
          is included in “Other non-current liabilities” in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets and not significant.
          As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s total unearned revenues were RMB28,458 million, of which
          RMB23,238 million was recognized as revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Group’s total
          unearned revenues were RMB30,949 million as of December 31, 2025, mainly expected to be recognized
          as revenue within one year.

          The Group applied a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with
          a customer when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include certain
          partner sales incentive programs. The Group has no material incremental costs of obtaining contracts with
          customers that the Group expects the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year which need to be
          recognized as assets.

     bb. Customer incentives and loyalty programs
          For the Group’s online retail business, the Group provides discounted coupons, mainly D Coupons, to its
          customers for free to incentivize purchase. D Coupons are given to a customer upon current purchase
          or can be given for free to promote future purchases. D Coupons require the customer to make future
          purchase of a minimum value in order to enjoy the value provided by the coupon. The rights to purchase
          discounted products in the future does not represent a material right to the customer. The Group assesses
          the significance of the discount by considering its percentage of the total future minimum purchase
          value, historical usage pattern by the customers and relative outstanding volume and monetary value of
          D Coupons compared to the other discounts offered by the Group. D Coupons are accounted for as a
          reduction of revenues on the future purchase.

          For the Group’s online marketplace and on-demand retail platform services, the Group also provides
          discounted coupons, mainly D coupons, to consumers at the Group’s own discretion. The Group evaluated
          the features of different incentive programs to determine whether the incentives represent explicit or
          implicit obligations to the consumers on behalf of merchants and if so, should be recorded as reduction
          of revenues. If the Group has determined that incentives provided to the consumers are not consideration
          payable to the merchants, the Group records these incentives as marketing expenses.



                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025        295
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           bb. Customer incentives and loyalty programs (Continued)
                 Registered customers may also earn J Beans, which were launched based on certain activities performed
                 on the Group’s website by the customers and can be used against qualified purchases on JD Platform,
                 which will directly reduce the amount paid by the customer, or redeemed for D Coupons that can be used
                 in certain shops on JD Platform. The Group considers J Beans awarded to be a separate performance
                 obligation identified in the contract. Therefore, the sales consideration is allocated to the products and
                 J Beans based on the relative SSP of the products and J Beans awarded. Consideration allocated to
                 J Beans is initially recorded as deferred revenues, and recognized as revenues when J Beans are used or
                 expired. J Beans will expire at the subsequent year end after issuance. For the years ended December 31,
                 2023, 2024 and 2025, the amounts of expired J Beans were not material.


           cc. Cost of revenues
                 Cost of revenues consists primarily of purchase price of products, inbound shipping charges, write-downs
                 of inventories, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services, and cost related to logistics
                 services provided to third parties.


           dd. Rebates
                 The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products
                 purchased over a period of time. The Group accounts for the rebates received from its vendors as a
                 reduction to the prices it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group records such amounts
                 as a reduction of “cost of revenues” when recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and
                 comprehensive income. Certain rebates are earned upon reaching minimum purchase or sales volume
                 thresholds for a specified period. When volume rebates can be reasonably estimated based on the
                 Group’s past experiences and current forecasts, a portion of the rebates is recognized as the Group makes
                 progress towards the volume threshold.


           ee. Fulfillment
                 Fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating the Group’s fulfillment centers,
                 customer service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to
                 buying, receiving, inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer
                 orders for shipment, processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third‑party
                 couriers for dispatching and delivering the Group’s products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery
                 and pickup stations, and physical stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic
                 equipment. The cost related to logistics services provided to third parties is classified in “cost of revenues”
                 in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Shipping costs included in
                 fulfillment expenses amounted to RMB29,858 million, RMB32,643 million and RMB40,004 million for the
                 years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




296   JD.com, Inc.
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     ff.   Marketing
           Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and employee
           compensation and associated costs for marketing and business development activities. The Group pays
           commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in successful
           product sales and records such costs in “marketing” in the consolidated statements of operations and
           comprehensive income.


           Advertising costs, which consist primarily of online advertising, offline television, movie and outdoor
           advertising, and incentive programs to attract or retain consumers for the Group’s online marketplace
           and on-demand retail platform services, are expensed as incurred, and totaled RMB31,761 million,
           RMB38,172 million and RMB72,236 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively.


     gg. Research and development
           Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research
           and development employees involved in designing, developing and maintaining technology platform,
           and application of artificial intelligence, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology
           infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation,
           bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support the Group’s
           internal and external business. Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. Software
           development costs are recorded in “Research and development” as incurred as the costs qualifying for
           capitalization have been insignificant.


     hh. General and administrative
           General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
           functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these
           functions including facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate
           related expenses.


     ii.   Share-based compensation
           The Group grants restricted share units (“RSUs”) and share options of the Company and its subsidiaries to
           eligible employees and non-employees. The Group accounts for share-based awards issued to employees
           and non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation.


           Employees’ share-based awards and non-employees’ share-based awards are measured at the grant date
           fair value of the awards and recognized as expenses a) immediately at grant date if no vesting conditions
           are required; or b) using graded vesting method, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service
           period, which is the vesting period.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025       297
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           ii.   Share-based compensation (Continued)
                 All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted
                 for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued,
                 whichever is more reliably measurable.


                 The Group uses the binomial option-pricing model or other appropriate methods to estimate the fair value
                 of share options. The determination of estimated fair value of share-based payment awards on the grant
                 date is affected by the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a
                 number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected value volatility of the
                 Company over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee share option exercise
                 behaviors, a risk-free interest rate, exercise multiple and expected dividend yield, if any.


                 Determination of estimated fair value of the Company’s subsidiaries before they were publicly listed
                 requires complex and subjective judgments due to their limited financial and operating history, unique
                 business risks and limited public information on companies in China similar to the Company’s subsidiaries.
                 The Company estimates the Company’s subsidiaries’ enterprise value for purposes of recording share‑based
                 compensation, and the information considered by the Company mainly includes but are not limited to the
                 pricing of recent rounds of financing, future cash flow forecasts, discount rates, and liquidity factors.


                 The Group recognizes the estimated compensation cost of RSUs based on the fair value of its ordinary
                 shares at the grant date, net of estimated forfeitures, over a vesting term for service-based RSUs.


                 Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in the subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
                 differ from those estimates.


                 A change in the terms or conditions of a share-based award, or cancellation of a share-based award
                 accompanied by the concurrent grant of a replacement award is accounted for as a modification (that is,
                 an exchange of the original award for a new award), unless the award’s fair value, vesting conditions,
                 and classification as an equity instrument are the same as immediately before and after the change. The
                 Group recognizes incremental compensation cost for an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the
                 modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before the modification. Therefore, in
                 relation to the modified award, the Group recognizes share-based compensation over the vesting periods
                 of the modified award.




298   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     jj.   Income tax
           Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial reporting purposes, adjusted for
           income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes, in accordance
           with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdictions. The Group follows the liability method of accounting
           for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
           temporary differences between the carrying amounts in the financial statements and the tax bases of
           existing assets and liabilities by applying enacted statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period
           in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Group records a valuation allowance to
           reduce the amount of deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than
           not that some portion, or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes
           of a change in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
           income in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current in the
           consolidated balance sheets.


           The Group recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax
           position is more likely than not to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax
           positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of
           tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Group
           estimates its liability for unrecognized tax benefits which are periodically assessed and may be affected
           by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities, changes and/or developments with respect
           to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of limitations. The ultimate outcome for a particular tax position
           may not be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of a tax audit and, in some cases, appeal or
           litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from the Group’s estimates. As each
           audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in
           the period in which the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in facts, circumstances
           and new information may require the Group to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates with
           regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in
           the period in which the changes occur. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the Group did not have any
           significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.

     kk. Leases
           Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the Group’s rights to use underlying assets for the lease term
           and lease liabilities represent the Group’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
           Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
           value of lease payments over the lease term, reduced by lease incentives received, plus any initial direct
           costs, using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. As the implicit rate in the lease
           is not readily determinable for the Group’s operating leases, the Group generally uses the incremental
           borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of
           the lease payments at commencement date. The Group’s lease terms may include options to extend or
           terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option. Lease expense
           for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group accounts for lease
           and non‑lease components separately. The Group has no material finance leases for any of the periods
           presented.

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         299
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           kk. Leases (Continued)
                 The Group also enters into sale and leaseback transactions. The Group acts as the seller-lessee, transfers
                 its assets to a third-party entity (the buyer-lessor) and then leases the transferred assets back from the
                 buyer-lessor at an arm-length rental price. Upon consideration of ASC Topic 842-40-25-1 and ASC 606,
                 the transfer of the underlying assets is considered as sales, and according to ASC Topic 842, Leases
                 (“ASC 842”), the leaseback transaction is classified as an operating lease. Therefore, the sale and the
                 leaseback of the underlying assets are separately accounted for by the Group. Upon completion of the
                 transaction, the legal titles of these assets are transferred to the third-party entity (the buyer-lessor), and
                 the Group derecognizes these transferred assets and recognizes gains or losses from disposal of these
                 assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. The leaseback transactions are
                 accounted for under ASC 842, and the ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement
                 date accordingly.


                 The Group leases warehouses, offices, and store space to third-parties. The nature of the arrangements
                 is operating lease which is neither a sales-type nor direct-financing lease. As such, the underlying assets
                 remain in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets at their carrying value and continue to depreciate the
                 assets based on the estimated useful life. Rental revenues should be recognized on a straight-line basis (or
                 another systematic basis if that basis is more representative of the pattern in which income is earned from
                 the underlying assets over the term of the respective lease). The Group records an unbilled rent receivable,
                 which is the amount by which straight-line rental revenues exceed rents currently billed in accordance with
                 the lease.


           ll.   Comprehensive income/(loss)
                 Comprehensive income/(loss) is defined as the changes in equity of the Group during a period from
                 transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments from
                 shareholders and distributions to shareholders. Comprehensive income/(loss) for the periods presented
                 primarily includes net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.


           mm. Net income per share
                 Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to ordinary shareholders by the
                 weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. For the calculation of diluted
                 net income per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares is adjusted by the effect of dilutive
                 potential ordinary shares, including unvested RSUs and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of
                 outstanding share options using the treasury stock method, and dilution impact of convertible senior notes
                 using the if-converted method. Additionally, the Company takes into account the effect of dilutive shares
                 of entities in which the Company holds equity interests. The dilutive impacts from equity interests mainly
                 include equity investments accounted for using the equity method and the consolidated subsidiaries. The
                 effect mentioned above is not included in the calculation of the diluted income per share when inclusion of
                 such effect would be anti-dilutive.




300   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     nn. Segment reporting
         Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information
         is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), or decision making
         group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Group’s CODM is the
         Chief Executive Officer.


         Before 2024, the Company reported four reportable segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics, Dada Nexus Limited
         (“Dada”) and New Businesses. JD Retail, including JD Health and JD Industrials, among other operating
         segments, mainly engage in online retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics
         includes both internal and external logistics businesses. Dada is a local on-demand delivery and retail
         platform in China. New Businesses mainly included multiple operating segments, such as JD Property,
         Jingxi and overseas businesses which do not individually meet the quantitative and qualitative thresholds
         to be individually reportable and were aggregated given majority similarities.


         From the first quarter of 2024, the Company started to report three reportable segments, JD Retail,
         JD Logistics and New Businesses, to reflect changes made to the reporting structure whose financial
         information is reviewed by the CODM under the ongoing operating strategies. JD Retail, which includes
         JD Health and JD Industrials, mainly engage in online retail, online marketplace and marketing services
         in China. JD Logistics includes both internal and external logistics businesses. New Businesses mainly
         included multiple operating segments, such as Dada, JD Property, Jingxi and overseas businesses which
         do not individually meet the quantitative and qualitative thresholds to be individually reportable and were
         aggregated given majority similarities. Following its privatization in the second quarter of 2025, Dada
         became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. The Company further realigned Dada’s business strategy
         to provide the infrastructure support for the Company’s strategic expansion into food delivery business.
         Since then New Businesses mainly included JD Food Delivery and Jingxi, which together engage
         businesses in high-frequency daily necessities, JD Property and overseas businesses.


         These changes align with the manner in which the Group’s CODM uses financial information to evaluate
         the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the operating segments. The prior periods’
         segment operating results have been retrospectively recast in 2024 to conform to current period
         presentation.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        301
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           oo. Statutory reserves
                 The Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland are required to
                 make appropriations to certain non-distributable reserve funds.

                 In accordance with the laws applicable to the Foreign Investment Enterprises established in the PRC, the
                 Group’s subsidiaries registered as wholly owned foreign enterprise have to make appropriations from their
                 after-tax profits (as determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC (“PRC GAAP”))
                 to reserve funds including general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund and staff bonus and welfare
                 fund. The appropriation to the general reserve fund must be at least 10% of the after-tax profits calculated
                 in accordance with the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the general reserve fund has reached
                 50% of the registered capital of the company. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff
                 bonus and welfare fund are made at the respective company’s discretion.

                 In addition, in accordance with the PRC Company Laws, the consolidated VIEs, registered as Chinese
                 domestic companies, must make appropriations from their after-tax profits as determined under the
                 PRC GAAP to non-distributable reserve funds including statutory surplus fund and discretionary surplus
                 fund. The appropriation to the statutory surplus fund must be 10% of the after-tax profits as determined
                 under the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the statutory surplus fund has reached 50% of the
                 registered capital of the company. Appropriation to the discretionary surplus fund is made at the discretion
                 of the respective company.

                 The use of the general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund, statutory surplus fund and discretionary
                 surplus fund are restricted to the offsetting of losses or increasing of the registered capital of the
                 respective company. The staff bonus and welfare fund are liabilities in nature and are restricted to fund
                 payments of special bonus to employees and for the collective welfare of employees. None of these
                 reserves are allowed to be transferred to the company in terms of cash dividends, loans or advances, nor
                 can they be distributed except under liquidation.

                 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, profit appropriation to statutory surplus fund
                 for the Group’s entities incorporated in the Chinese mainland was approximately RMB2,636 million,
                 RMB579 million and RMB929 million, respectively. No appropriation to other reserve funds was made for
                 any of the periods presented.




302   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     pp. Government financial incentives
           Government financial incentives represent rewards provided by the relevant PRC municipal government
           authorities to the Group for business achievements made by the Group. Government financial incentives
           are recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
           when the government financial incentives are received and no further conditions need to be met, otherwise
           the received amounts are recorded as liabilities. The amounts of such government financial incentives are
           determined solely at the discretion of the relevant government authorities and there is no assurance that
           the Group will continue to receive these government financial incentives in the future.

     qq. Assets held for sale
           Classification of long-lived assets (or disposal group) as held for sale typically occurs upon the execution
           of a purchase and sale agreement and belief by management that the sale or disposition is probable of
           occurrence within one year. Upon determining that long-lived assets (or disposal groups)) meet the held
           for sale criteria, the Company discontinues depreciating the relevant long-lived assets, including property,
           equipment and software, intangible assets and ROU assets, and measures such assets or disposal groups
           in consolidated balance sheets at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. The
           Company presents these long-lived assets and liabilities directly associated with these assets as held for
           sale in its consolidated balance sheets and classifies them as current assets and liabilities. The Company
           reports the results of operations of its long-lived assets (or disposal group) sold or held for sale in its
           consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income through the date of sale.

     rr.   Recent accounting pronouncements
           Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
           In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income
           Tax Disclosures. The amendments require the disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation and
           additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. The amendments also require
           disaggregated information about the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received), income (or
           loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) and income tax expense (or benefit)
           from continuing operations. The Group adopted this update prospectively on January 1, 2025. The adoption
           did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements, and the required disclosures are
           included in Note 19.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        303
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           rr.   Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
                 Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
                 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement — Reporting Comprehensive
                 Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement
                 Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”), and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-01, Income
                 Statement — Reporting Comprehensive Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220‑40):
                 Clarifying the Effective Date (“ASU 2025-01”). ASU 2024-03 requires additional disclosure of the nature
                 of expenses included in the income statement as well as disclosures about specific types of expenses
                 included in the expense captions presented in the income statement. ASU 2024-03, as clarified by
                 ASU 2025-01, is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting
                 periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.
                 This guidance will be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. The Group is currently evaluating the
                 impact that the adoption of these standards will have on the consolidated financial statements.


                 In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326):
                 Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets (“ASU 2025-05”). This
                 standard introduces a practical expedient that companies can choose to apply when determining
                 allowances for credit losses. Specifically, it permits companies to assume that the current conditions as of
                 the balance sheet remain unchanged throughout the remaining life of the asset. ASU 2025-05 is effective
                 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods within those
                 annual reporting periods, and requires prospective application. The Group does not expect the adoption of
                 the ASU to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


                 In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other — Internal Use
                 Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal — Use Software (“ASU
                 2025-06”), which removes all references to software development project stages so that the guidance is
                 neutral to different software development methods. Therefore, under ASU 2025-06, software capitalization
                 will begin when management has authorized and committed to funding the software project and when
                 it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function
                 intended. ASU 2025-06 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027,
                 and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods with early adoption permitted. The
                 guidance is to be applied on a prospective basis, or on a modified transition approach or a retrospective
                 transition approach. The Group does not expect the adoption of the ASU to have a material impact on the
                 consolidated financial statements.


                 In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for
                 Government Grants Received by Business Entities (“ASU 2025-10”), which provides updated guidance on
                 how to recognize, measure, and present government grants. The ASU will be effective for annual reporting
                 periods beginning after December 15, 2028, including interim periods within those annual reporting
                 periods, with early adoption permitted. The Group does not expect the adoption of the ASU to have a
                 material impact on the consolidated financial statements.




304   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3.   Concentration and Risks
     Concentration of customers and suppliers
     There are no customers nor suppliers from whom revenues or purchases individually represent greater than 10%
     of the total revenues or the total purchases of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.


     Concentration of credit risk
     Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash and
     cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, short-term investments and certain wealth management
     products and time deposits with maturities more than one year recorded in “marketable securities and other
     investments” (collectively, “Treasury Assets”). The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk is their
     carrying amounts as of the balance sheet dates. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, majority of Treasury
     Assets were held at major financial institutions located in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong which the
     management believes are of high credit quality. Bank failure is uncommon in China and the Group believes that
     those Chinese banks that hold Treasury Assets are financially sound based on publicly available information.
     Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are mainly derived from revenues earned from customers in the
     PRC. The risk with respect to accounts receivable is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on its
     customers and its ongoing monitoring processes of outstanding balances. Besides, JD Technology performs the
     related credit assessment of the consumer financing receivables recorded in the Group’s consolidated balance
     sheets. JD Technology purchases the consumer financing receivables past due over certain agreed period of
     time from the Group at carrying values without recourse and also agrees to bear other cost directly related to
     the consumer financing business to absorb the risks.

     Currency convertibility risk
     The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government policies and to international economic and
     political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market. In the
     PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial
     institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). Remittances in currencies
     other than RMB by the Group in the Chinese mainland must be processed through the PBOC or other Chinese
     foreign exchange regulatory bodies which require certain supporting documentation in order to process the
     remittance. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and time deposits
     with maturities more than one year recorded in “marketable securities and other investments” denominated in
     RMB that are subject to such government policies amounted to RMB172,732 million and RMB131,469 million as
     of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


     Foreign currency exchange rate risk
     The RMB has fluctuated against the US$, at times significantly and unpredictably during the reporting periods.
     The depreciation and appreciation of the RMB against the US$ was approximately 1% and 2% for the years
     ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or the PRC or
     U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the US$ in the future.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        305
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      4.   Fair Value Measurement
           As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, information about inputs into the fair value measurement of the Group’s
           assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial
           recognition is as follows:

                                                                        Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                  Quoted Prices             Significant
                                                      Fair Value       in Active                 Other        Significant
                                                            as of   Markets for             Observable      Unobservable
                                                   December 31, Identical Assets                Inputs            Inputs
             Description                                    2024        (Level 1)             (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                                             (RMB in millions)

             Assets:
             Restricted cash                                7,366                  —              7,366                  —
             Short-term investments
               Wealth management products                  38,396                  —             38,396                  —
             Marketable securities and other
              investments
                Listed equity securities                    2,907               2,907                 —                  —

             Total assets                                  48,669               2,907            45,762                  —


                                                                        Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                       Quoted Prices        Significant
                                                      Fair Value            in Active            Other        Significant
                                                            as of        Markets for        Observable      Unobservable
                                                   December 31,      Identical Assets           Inputs            Inputs
             Description                                    2025             (Level 1)        (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                                             (RMB in millions)

             Assets:
             Restricted cash                               12,137                  —             12,137                  —
             Short-term investments
                Wealth management products                 15,519                  —             15,519                  —
                Foreign exchange forward                        13                 —                  13                 —
             Marketable securities and other
              investments
                Listed equity securities                    1,494               1,494                 —                  —
                Wealth management products                 36,592                  —             36,592                  —

             Total assets                                  65,755               1,494            64,261                  —




306   JD.com, Inc.
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




4.   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
     When available, the Group uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of an asset or liability. If
     quoted market prices are not available, the Group will measure fair value using valuation techniques that use,
     when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and
     currency rates. Following is a description of the valuation techniques that the Group uses to measure the fair
     value of assets that the Group reports in its consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a recurring basis.


     Short-term investments
     Wealth management products with maturities of within one year. The Group elected the fair value option to record
     wealth management products with variable interest rates and deposits indexed to foreign exchange with maturities
     less than one year and accounted them at fair value. For the wealth management products that have no quoted
     market prices, the Group estimates their fair value using the expected yield on similar instruments in the market,
     and classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2.

     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, gain of RMB2,092 million, RMB1,485 million and
     RMB804 million resulting from changes in fair value of the wealth management products under fair value option was
     recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, respectively.


     Marketable securities and other investments
     Listed equity securities. The Group values its listed equity securities using quoted prices for the underlying securities
     in active markets, and accordingly, the Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 1.

     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the unrealized gains or losses of the listed equity
     securities were losses of RMB379 million, gains of RMB1,160 million, and gains of RMB959 million, respectively,
     which are recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.

     Wealth management products with maturities of more than one year. The Group elected the fair value option
     to record wealth management products with variable interest rates with maturities of more than one year and
     accounted them at fair value. For the wealth management products that have no quoted market prices, the Group
     estimates their fair value using the expected yield on similar instruments in the market, and classifies the valuation
     techniques that use these inputs as Level 2.

     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, losses of RMB25 million, gains of RMB2 million and
     gains of RMB1,470 million resulting from changes in fair value of the wealth management products under fair value
     option were recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income,
     respectively.


     Other financial instruments
     The followings are other material financial instruments not measured at fair value in the consolidated balance
     sheets, but for which the fair value is estimated for disclosure purposes.

     Time deposits. Time deposits with original maturities of three months or less, original maturities of longer than
     three months and maturities of less than one year, and maturities of longer than one year have been classified
     as cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities and other investments in the consolidated



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         307
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      4.   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
           Other financial instruments (Continued)
           balance sheets, respectively. The fair value of the Group’s time deposits is determined based on the prevailing
           interest rates in the market, which have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31,
           2024 and 2025, the fair value of time deposits classified as cash equivalents and short-term investments amounted
           to RMB91,062 million and RMB64,265 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the fair value
           of time deposits classified as marketable securities and other investments amounted to RMB54,176 million and
           RMB13,754 million, respectively.

           Held-to-maturity debt securities. Wealth management products that the Group has positive intent and
           ability to hold to maturity are accounted for as held-to-maturity debt securities. The fair value of the Group’s
           held‑to‑maturity debt securities is determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the market, which have
           been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the fair value of
           held‑to-maturity debt securities recorded in “short-term investments” amounted to RMB6,866 million and
           RMB2,355 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the fair value of held-to-maturity debt
           securities with maturities longer than one year was recorded in “marketable securities and other investments”
           amounted to RMB2,288 million and nil, respectively.

           Unsecured senior notes. The Group determines the fair value of its unsecured senior notes, using quoted prices
           in less active markets, and accordingly the Group categorizes the unsecured senior notes as Level 2 in the
           fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the fair value of unsecured senior notes amounted
           to RMB25,098 million and RMB24,002 million, respectively. Among them, the fair value of Convertible Senior
           Notes, as defined in Note 15, amounted to RMB15,274 million and RMB14,078 million as of December 31, 2024
           and 2025, respectively.

           Short-term receivables and payables. Accounts receivable and prepayments and other current assets are
           financial assets with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term nature. Accounts
           payable, advance from customers (excluding contract liabilities) and main items in accrued expenses and other
           current liabilities, are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term
           nature. The Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

           Short-term debts and long-term debts. Interest rates under the borrowing agreements with the lending parties
           were determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the market. The carrying value of short-term debts and
           long-term debts approximates to fair value. The Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs
           as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

           Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
           Long-lived assets. When impairment indicators are identified, the Group evaluates the impairment by comparing
           the carrying value of the asset or the asset group with its fair value. The fair value of the asset or asset group
           is determined using income approach or market approach with unobservable inputs (Level 3), depending on the
           underlying nature of the asset or the asset group. The impairment losses of RMB2,025 million, RMB1,562 million
           and nil were recorded in “impairment of long-lived assets” in the consolidated statements of operations and
           comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The impairment
           of long-lived assets was disclosed in Note 9, Note 10 and Note 11.



308   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




4.   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
     Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis (Continued)
     Goodwill. The Group tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31, and in between annual tests
     when the impairment indicators occur. The quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of
     each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The impairment loss was recorded in “impairment
     of goodwill” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and disclosed in Note 12.

     Investments in equity investees. Investments in privately held companies and publicly traded companies included in
     “investments in equity investees” in the consolidated balance sheets are reviewed periodically for impairment using
     fair value measurement. In determining the investments in privately held companies without readily determinable
     fair value over which the Group identified impairment indicators, income approach or market approach was used,
     if applicable, which requires management to use unobservable inputs (Level 3), mainly including the estimates
     of future cash flows, discount rate, terminal growth rate, selection of comparable companies and multiples and
     estimated discount for lack of marketability. The impairment loss of RMB2,856 million, RMB2,968 million and
     RMB827 million were recorded in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
     income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
     the accumulated impairment of the Group’s investments in privately held companies under the Measurement
     Alternative was RMB7,119 million and RMB7,790 million, respectively. The valuation methodology used to estimate
     the fair value of investments in publicly traded companies (Level 1) and privately held companies accounted for
     under the equity method (Level 3) and associated impairment charges are disclosed in Note 6.


5.   Business Acquisition
     In December 2024, the Group acquired additional equity interests in Hordeum Investment, L.P. (“Hordeum”)
     for a total cash consideration of US$344 million. Hordeum is principally engaged in retail business service. The
     Group held, taking into account its existing equity interests, approximately 60.8% of Hordeum’s interests and
     consolidated its financial results into the Group’s consolidated financial statements since December 30, 2024.

     The fair value of the previously held equity interests was estimated based on the equity value of Hordeum,
     which is estimated by applying the income approach. The remeasurement gain associated with the previously
     held equity interests of Hordeum was immaterial.

     The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                           Amounts
                                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

       Cash                                                                                                      2,473
       Fair value of previously held equity interests                                                            1,284

       Total                                                                                                     3,757




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        309
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      5.   Business Acquisition (Continued)
           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      1,011
             Newly identified intangible assets                                                                       2,005
             Goodwill                                                                                                 4,767
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (518)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                                (3,508)

             Total                                                                                                    3,757


           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of advance to suppliers of RMB3,224 million as of the date of acquisition.
           Acquired amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average amortization period of 8.5 years. Fair value of the
           non-controlling interests was estimated by applying the income approach.

           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Hordeum was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
           assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and assigned
           to JD Retail segment. Goodwill arising from the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

           In June 2025, the Group acquired the remaining shares of Hordeum, representing approximately 39.2% equity
           interest for a total cash consideration of US$337 million. Upon the completion of the transaction, Hordeum
           became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The effect on non-controlling interest was a reduction of
           RMB2,467 million.

           The Group also completed a few business acquisitions during 2024 and 2025, the consideration and impact on
           the consolidated financial statements of which were immaterial individually or collectively.

           Neither the results of operations since the acquisition dates nor the pro forma results of operations of the
           acquirees were presented because the effects of the business combinations in 2024 and 2025, both individually
           and in aggregate, were not significant to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.




310   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6.   Investments in Equity Investees
     Measurement Alternative and NAV practical expedient
     The carrying amount of the Group’s equity investments accounted for under the Measurement Alternative was
     RMB14,027 million and RMB11,856 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively, and the carrying
     amount of the Group’s investments under NAV practical expedient was RMB8,529 million and RMB8,442 million
     as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
     fair value changes recognized for equity investments which were measured using the Measurement Alternative,
     and NAV practical expedient were not significant.


     Equity method
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s investments accounted for under the equity method totaled
     RMB31,680 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB34,294 million), which mainly included the investment in JD
     Technology amounting to RMB15,055 million and the investment in Home Credit Consumer Finance Co., Ltd.
     (“Home Credit”) amounting to RMB2,428 million. The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account
     for its equity investments, in common stock or in-substance common stock, over which it has significant
     influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.

     Investment in JD Technology
     Following the reorganization of JD Technology in March 2021, the Group’s equity interest in JD Technology
     increased to 41.7%. The Group accounted for its investment in JD Technology using the equity method, as
     it exerted significant influence without holding a majority equity interest or otherwise control. Pursuant to the
     supplemental agreement entered between JD Technology and its shareholders in June 2020, certain existing
     shareholders (including the Group) have the obligation to make up the shortfall (if any) of the redemption price
     to the other shareholders of JD Technology when all other means are exhausted, and the shortfall is capped
     by the proceeds from the sales of the guarantor’s shares of JD Technology. From September to December
     2024, JD Technology entered into new agreements with its shareholders to replace previous redemption
     terms with new settlement method (through both cash and newly issued common shares in tranches) (the
     “2024 Transaction”). Those are further subject to suspension or termination under certain circumstances.
     Concurrently, the previous guarantee obligation of the Group has also been extinguished. In accordance with
     these agreements, JD Technology completed its share repurchases through cash settlement, with some
     shareholders’ returns yet to be converted into new shares as of December 31, 2025. The Group’s equity interest
     in JD Technology further increased to 43.6% and 54.9%, respectively, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
     resulting from the redemption aforementioned. Due to the dual-class voting structure of JD Technology, the
     Group held less than 50% of voting power as of December 31, 2025, and continued to apply equity method for
     accounting of the investment. As the Group and JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Liu before and after
     the 2024 Transaction, the Group’s increased equity interest holding in JD Technology was accounted for as a
     transaction under common control. Based on the proportionate interest in the net assets of JD Technology, the
     Group’s investment in JD Technology decreased by RMB726 million and RMB7,646 million for the years ended
     December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The above resulted in a decrease in the Group’s additional paid-in
     capital for the same amount in the corresponding period.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025        311
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      6.   Investments in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           Investment in Home Credit
           In December 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire 50% of Home Credit’s equity interest for
           a total cash consideration of RMB2,500 million. Home Credit is a consumer finance company that conducts its
           business through providing consumer loans and merchandise loans. The Company accounted for its investment
           in Home Credit using the equity method as the Company obtained the significant influence by the right to
           nominate three board seats out of nine. Concurrently, JD Technology subscribed 15% of Home Credit’s equity
           interest. The basis difference as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 was immaterial.

           Investment in Yonghui
           Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd, (“Yonghui”) is a leading hypermarket and supermarket operator in China and
           is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. As of December 31, 2024, the Group held approximately 11.3% of
           Yonghui’s issued and outstanding shares and accounted for the investment in Yonghui using the equity method
           as the Group obtained significant influence by the rights to nominate one board member out of nine.

           In February 2025, the Group transferred 8.3% of Yonghui shares for a cash consideration of RMB1,774 million,
           as a result, the Group ceased to hold any board seats in Yonghui and lost the significant influence. Subsequently,
           the Group disposed the retained 3.0% of Yonghui shares, resulting in a complete exit from its investment in
           Yonghui. The disposal gains of RMB1,118 million and RMB91 million were recorded in “Share of results of
           equity investees” and “Others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income,
           respectively.

           The Group recorded its share of the profits and losses of JD Technology, Home Credit and Yonghui one quarter
           in arrears to enable the Group to provide its financial disclosure independent of the reporting schedule of these
           equity investees.

           The Group summarizes the condensed financial information of the Group’s equity investments under equity
           method as a group below in accordance with Rule 4-08 of Regulation S-X:

                                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2023               2024            2025
                                                                                            (RMB in millions)

             Revenues                                                           149,237            146,583         104,075
             Gross profit                                                        48,134             70,000          56,510
             (Loss)/income from operations                                         (274)              8,334         20,597
             Net (loss)/income                                                    (1,733)             4,380         17,846
             Net (loss)/income attributable to the investees’ ordinary
              shareholders                                                        (1,506)             4,641         17,990




312   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6.   Investments in Equity Investees (Continued)
     Equity method (Continued)
     Investment in Yonghui (Continued)


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024              2025
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

       Current assets                                                                161,218          154,476
       Non-current assets                                                            146,848          145,184
       Current liabilities                                                           124,013          122,333
       Non-current liabilities                                                        44,090           48,705
       Redeemable stock                                                               28,167                 —
       Non-controlling interests                                                        4,429            4,534


     The Group performs impairment assessment of its investments under the Measurement Alternative and equity
     method whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may
     not be fully recoverable. Impairment charges in connection with the equity method investments of RMB266
     million, RMB699 million and RMB88 million were recorded in “share of results of equity investees” in the
     consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2023,
     2024 and 2025, respectively. The valuation of impairment in privately held companies under the Measurement
     Alternative is discussed in Note 4.

7.   Accounts Receivable, Net
     Accounts receivable, net consist of the following:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024              2025
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

       Logistics receivables                                                          13,797           13,715
       Online retail and online marketplace receivables   (*)
                                                                                      13,206           14,310
       Advertising receivables and others                                                658             1,397

       Accounts receivable                                                            27,661           29,422
       Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                 (2,065)           (2,089)

       Accounts receivable, net                                                       25,596           27,333




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025       313
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7.   Accounts Receivable, Net (Continued)
           The movements in the allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows:

                                                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                      2023                  2024                  2025
                                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

                 Balance at beginning of the year                                                   (1,582)               (1,888)               (2,065)
                 Additions                                                                             (542)                 (376)                (739)
                 Write-off                                                                              236                  199                   715

                 Balance at end of the year                                                         (1,888)               (2,065)               (2,089)

           (*)      The accounts receivable in relation to consumer financing business is included in online retail and online marketplace receivables. As
                    JD Technology performs credit risk assessment services for the individuals and purchases the past-due receivables from the Group
                    at carrying values to absorb the risks and obtain the returns from such financing arrangements, no allowance for doubtful accounts in
                    relation to consumer financing receivables was provided.


      8.   Inventories, Net
           Inventories, net consist of the following:

                                                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                                                            2024                  2025
                                                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

                 Products                                                                                                91,631                98,171
                 Packing materials and others                                                                              1,782                 2,044

                 Inventories                                                                                             93,413               100,215
                 Inventory valuation allowance                                                                            (4,087)               (4,787)

                 Inventories, net                                                                                        89,326                95,428




314   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




9.   Property, Equipment and Software, Net
     Property, equipment and software, net consist of the following:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024              2025
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

       Land, building and building improvement                                        70,977           78,716
       Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                                 18,061           20,337
       Vehicles                                                                         8,981          11,433
       Leasehold improvement                                                            5,895            7,656
       Electronic equipment                                                             2,947            3,259
       Office equipment                                                                  757             1,255
       Software                                                                         1,072            1,121

       Total                                                                         108,690          123,777
       Less: accumulated depreciation and impairment                                  (25,953)        (32,428)

       Net carrying amount                                                            82,737           91,349


     Depreciation expenses were RMB6,088 million, RMB6,958 million and RMB7,655 million for the years ended
     December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the
     Group recorded impairment losses of RMB819 million, RMB716 million and nil, respectively.

10. Land Use Rights, Net
     Land use rights, net consist of the following:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024              2025
                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

       Land use rights                                                                40,650           41,715
       Less: accumulated amortization and impairment                                   (3,817)           (4,837)

       Net carrying amount                                                            36,833           36,878


     Amortization expenses for land use rights were RMB900 million, RMB959 million and RMB1,003 million for the
     years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
     and 2025, the Group recorded impairment losses of RMB210 million, RMB448 million and nil, respectively.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025       315
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      10. Land Use Rights, Net (Continued)
           As of December 31, 2025, amortization expenses related to the land use rights for future periods are estimated
           to be as follows:

                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                 2031 and
                                                2026            2027       2028          2029          2030     thereafter
                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Amortization expenses                969            969         969          969             969      32,033


      11. Intangible Assets, Net
           Intangible assets, net consist of the following:

                                                                   As of December 31, 2024
                                      Weighted-
                                       Average                  Gross                                                 Net
                                    Amortization              Carrying   Accumulated         Impairment          Carrying
                                          Period              Amount     Amortization           Amount           Amount

                                              Year                            (RMB in millions)

             Non-compete                        8.0              2,467         (2,467)                —                 —
             Domain names and
              trademarks                      17.8               6,715         (2,185)              (815)           3,715
             Customer
               relationship                     8.7              5,157         (1,416)              (112)           3,629
             Technology and
               others                           5.4              2,905         (1,790)              (666)             449

             Total                            11.6             17,244          (7,858)            (1,593)           7,793




316   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




11. Intangible Assets, Net (Continued)
                                                       As of December 31, 2025
                             Weighted-
                              Average              Gross                                                   Net
                           Amortization          Carrying     Accumulated         Impairment          Carrying
                                 Period          Amount       Amortization           Amount           Amount
                                    Year                            (RMB in millions)

     Domain names and
      trademarks                    17.6            7,306            (2,513)             (815)           3,978
     Customer
       relationship                  8.7            5,531            (2,018)             (112)           3,401
     Technology and
       others                        5.4            2,959            (1,949)             (666)             344

     Total                          11.6           15,796            (6,480)            (1,593)          7,723


   Amortization expenses for intangible assets were RMB1,304 million, RMB987 million and RMB1,089 million for
   the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and
   2024, the Group recorded impairment losses of RMB902 million and RMB535 million for the intangible assets
   mainly identified from the acquisition of Dada and other offline businesses, respectively. No impairment loss
   was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2025.

   As of December 31, 2025, amortization expenses related to the intangible assets for future periods are
   estimated to be as follows:

                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                      2031 and
                                      2026         2027          2028          2029          2030    thereafter
                                                              (RMB in millions)

     Amortization expenses           1,118         1,098          949           839            540       3,179




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      317
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      12. Goodwill
           The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                     JD           New
                                                              JD Retail        Logistics   Businesses                Total
                                                                                (RMB in millions)

             Transaction in 2023
                Impairment                                            —               —            (3,143)          (3,143)
             Balance as of December 31, 2023
                Goodwill                                         11,418            6,983            7,322          25,723
                Accumulated impairment losses                         (7)             —            (5,736)          (5,743)

                                                                 11,411            6,983            1,586          19,980

             Transaction in 2024
                Additions                                         6,576               —                —            6,576
                Disposal of a subsidiary                             (48)             —                —               (48)
                Impairment                                         (799)              —                —              (799)
             Balance as of December 31, 2024
                Goodwill                                         17,946            6,983            7,322          32,251
                Accumulated impairment losses                      (806)              —            (5,736)          (6,542)

                                                                 17,140            6,983            1,586          25,709

             Transaction in 2025
                Additions                                         1,885               —                —            1,885
                Impairment                                       (1,303)              —                —            (1,303)
             Balance as of December 31, 2025
                Goodwill                                         19,831            6,983            7,322          34,136
                Accumulated impairment losses                    (2,109)              —            (5,736)          (7,845)

                                                                 17,722            6,983            1,586          26,291


           For the year ended December 31, 2023, having considered duration and severity of the decline of Dada’s stock
           price, the Company assessed that it is more likely than not that the fair value of Dada reporting unit is less
           than its carrying amount and performed quantitative impairment test on Dada reporting unit and recognized an
           impairment loss of RMB3,143 million. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company concluded that the
           carrying amounts of certain reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and recorded impairment losses
           of RMB799 million. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of
           certain reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and recorded impairment losses of RMB1,303 million.
           The fair value of reporting units was determined based on the discounted cash flow analysis using the assumptions
           including internal cash flows forecasts, long-term future growth rates and discount rates, among others.




318   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




13. Accounts Payable
   Accounts payable consist of the following:

                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                           2024             2025
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

     Vendor payable                                                                     157,147           149,368
     Shipping charges payable and others                                                 35,713            39,011

     Total                                                                              192,860           188,379


   Financial institutions (the “Institutions”) including JD Technology offer supply chain financing services to the
   Group’s suppliers. Suppliers can sell one or more of the Group’s payment obligations at their sole discretion
   through JD Technology to the Institutions to receive funds ahead of time to meet their cash flow needs. The
   Group’s rights and obligations are not impacted and the original payment terms, timing or amount, remain
   unchanged. The Group did not provide assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees under the
   supply chain financing arrangements. A supplier’s election to receive early payment from the Institutions does
   not change the amount that the Group must remit to the Institutions or the Group’s payment date, which
   mainly up to 90 days after product-acceptances or completion of sales.


   The movements in the accounts payable under supply chain financing arrangements are as follows, among
   which, RMB15,233 million and RMB17,834 million were related to arrangements with JD Technology as of
   December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


                                                                             For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024             2025
                                                                                      (RMB in millions)

     Balance at beginning of the year                                                    21,316            15,294
     Additions                                                                          144,047           126,598
     Payments                                                                          (150,069)        (123,971)

     Balance at end of the year                                                          15,294            17,921




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        319
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      14. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
           Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:

                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2024             2025
                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

             Deposits                                                                           20,530           21,631
             Salary and welfare                                                                 14,022           18,384
             Rental fee payable                                                                  1,367            1,437
             Professional fee                                                                    1,184            1,349
             Accrued administrative expenses                                                     2,360            1,316
             Liabilities for return allowances                                                   1,029            1,063
             Vehicle fee                                                                           732              787
             Payable related to employees’ exercise of share-based awards                          535              407
             Interest payable                                                                      208              302
             Internet data center fee                                                              183               79
             Others                                                                              3,835            3,290

             Total                                                                              45,985           50,045


      15. Unsecured Senior Notes
           Senior notes due 2026
           In April 2016, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
           amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
           and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
           on October 29, 2016. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB79 million. The
           debt issuance costs of RMB36 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
           unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the principal
           amount of US$500 million was outstanding, and will be due in 2026.


           Senior notes due 2030 and 2050
           In January 2020, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
           amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
           and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
           on July 14, 2020. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB37 million. The
           debt issuance costs of RMB45 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
           unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets.




320   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Unsecured Senior Notes (Continued)
   Senior notes due 2030 and 2050 (Continued)
   The Group repurchased the senior notes due 2030 and 2050 from the open market with a total principal
   amount of US$6 million (RMB42 million) at a reacquisition price of US$5 million (RMB35 million) in 2022. The
   repurchased Senior Notes were derecognized from the Group’s consolidated balance sheets.


   Convertible Senior Notes due 2029
   In May 2024, the Company completed its offering of unsecured convertible senior notes (the “Convertible
   Senior Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount of US$2.0 billion at par value due 2029, including the initial
   purchasers’ full exercise of option to purchase an additional US$250 million in aggregate principal amount of
   the Convertible Senior Notes. The Convertible Senior Notes bear a fixed rate of 0.25% per year and senior
   unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on
   December 1, 2024. The debt issuance costs of RMB236 million were presented as a direct deduction from the
   principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes in the consolidated balance sheets, and are amortized over
   the period from May 21, 2024, the date of issuance, to June 1, 2027, the first puttable date of the Convertible
   Senior Notes, using the effective interest method. The interest expense recognized were RMB69 million and
   RMB110 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


   Holders of the Convertible Senior Notes may convert their Convertible Senior Notes at their option at any time
   prior to the close of business on the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity. The initial
   conversion rate for the Convertible Senior Notes shall be 21.8830 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the
   Convertible Senior Notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately US$45.70 per ADS. The
   conversion rate shall be subject to adjustment in certain events. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or
   deliver, as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Company’s election.


   Holders of the Convertible Senior Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or part of their
   Convertible Senior Notes on June 1, 2027 or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price
   equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and
   unpaid interest.


   No embedded features that are subject to separate accounting have been identified. The conversion option
   is considered to be indexed to the Company’s own stock and classified in shareholders’ equity, therefore,
   exempted from the scope of the derivative accounting. Other embedded features including the mandatory
   redemption feature and the contingent call and put options upon certain changes in the tax laws or certain
   fundamental changes are considered clearly and closely related to the debt host, therefore, do not require
   bifurcation. Based on the above, the Convertible Senior Notes are accounted for as a single liability under
   unsecured senior notes, non-current.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        321
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      15. Unsecured Senior Notes (Continued)
           A summary of the Company’s senior notes due 2026, 2030 and 2050 (collectively “Senior Notes”) and the
           Convertible Senior Notes as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                As of December 31,                 Effective
                                                                                     2024             2025     interest rate
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

             US$500 million 3.875% Senior Notes due 2026                           3,582              3,511          4.15%
             US$700 million 3.375% Senior Notes due 2030                           4,973              4,867          3.47%
             US$300 million 4.125% Senior Notes due 2050                           2,024              1,980          4.25%
             US$2,000 million 0.25% Convertible Senior
              Notes due 2029                                                      14,191             13,951          0.79%

             Carrying value                                                       24,770             24,309
             Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of the
              Senior Notes                                                             73               57
             Unamortized debt issuance costs of the Convertible
              Senior Notes                                                            186              107

             Total principal amounts of unsecured senior notes                    25,029             24,473



           The effective interest rates include the interest charged on the notes as well as amortization of the debt
           discounts and debt issuance costs. The unsecured senior notes will rank senior in rights of payment to all of the
           Company’s existing and future obligations expressly subordinated in rights of payment to the unsecured senior
           notes and rank at least equal in rights of payment with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and
           unsubordinated obligations (subject to any priority rights pursuant to applicable law).


           The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation,
           merger and sale all or substantially all of the Company’s assets.


           As of December 31, 2025, the principal of the Senior Notes of RMB3,514 million, RMB4,885 million and
           RMB2,016 million will be due in 2026, 2030 and 2050, respectively. The principal of the Convertible Senior
           Notes of RMB14,058 million will be due in 2029. The principal of the unsecured senior notes will be due
           according to the following schedule:


             Principal                        Within 1    Between 1 Between 2 Between 3              Between 4     Beyond 5
             amounts                Total         year     to 2 years to 3 years to 4 years           to 5 years      years
                                                                    (RMB in millions)
             Senior Notes         10,415          3,514            —             —              —         4,885       2,016
             Convertible
               Senior Notes       14,058             —             —             —          14,058            —          —




322   JD.com, Inc.
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




16. Leases
   The Group has operating leases for warehouses, stores, office spaces, delivery centers and other corporate
   assets that the Group utilizes under lease arrangements.


   A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 is as
   follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2025
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

     Operating lease ROU assets                                                         24,532           31,128

     Operating lease liabilities — current                                               7,606            9,399
     Operating lease liabilities — non-current                                          18,106           23,708

     Total operating lease liabilities                                                  25,712           33,107

     Weighted average remaining lease term                                            7.2 years        7.1 years
     Weighted average discount rate                                                       4.2%              3.6%


   A summary of lease cost recognized in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
   income and supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases is as follows:


                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                         2023             2024              2025
                                                                                (RMB in millions)

     Operating lease cost                                               8,917             8,934             9,213
     Short-term lease cost                                              3,358             3,263             3,405

     Total                                                             12,275           12,197           12,618

     Cash paid for operating leases                                     9,086             9,546          10,012




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025    323
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      16. Leases (Continued)
           A summary of maturity of operating lease liabilities under the Group’s non-cancelable operating leases as of
           December 31, 2025 is as follows:


                                                                                                                      As of
                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                                      2025
                                                                                                                  (RMB in
                                                                                                                  millions)

             2026                                                                                                      9,616
             2027                                                                                                      6,267
             2028                                                                                                      4,419
             2029                                                                                                      3,409
             2030                                                                                                      2,729
             2031 and thereafter                                                                                      11,737

             Total lease payments                                                                                     38,177
             Less: interest                                                                                           (5,070)

             Present value of operating lease liabilities                                                             33,107


           As of December 31, 2025, the Group has no significant lease contract that has been entered into but not yet
           commenced.


      17. Gain on Sale of Development Properties
           Gain on sale of development properties for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were
           RMB2,283 million, RMB1,527 million and RMB387 million, respectively, which were mainly derived from
           disposals of logistics facilities to Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) and several private funds, which can be
           mainly classified into core funds (collectively, “Property Funds”). The overview of the major funds is listed below.


           Core funds
           In 2018, the Group established JD Property to manage the expanding logistics facilities and other real estate
           properties. Over the course of the years, JD Property established several phases of core funds (the “Core
           Funds”) together with certain third-party investor(s). JD Property serves as the general partner and committed
           10%–20% of the total capital of each core fund as the limited partner, and the third-party investor(s) committed
           the remaining 80%–90%.




324   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17. Gain on Sale of Development Properties (Continued)
   Core funds (Continued)
   Furthermore, the Group entered into definitive agreements with each of the Core Funds, pursuant to which the
   Group will dispose of certain modern logistics facilities to the Core Funds, and concurrently lease back these
   completed facilities for operational purposes with an initial lease term of 4 to 10 years. The annual rent for the
   completed facilities is set at fair market rent for the initial lease term and will be adjusted based on the growth
   rate of fair market rent at the beginning of each subsequent 5 years’ period. The Group may choose to renew
   the lease upon the expiry of the initial lease agreement if the adjusted rental rate is acceptable. The lease back
   transaction is accounted for under ASC 842 as operating lease, and the ROU assets and operating lease liabilities
   were recorded accordingly. The Core Funds used leverage to finance the purchase, and the closing of the
   purchase is subject to certain conditions, including the availability of debt financing.

   The investment committee of each of the Core Funds, which comprises the representatives from JD Property and
   the third-party investor(s), oversees the key operations of each fund, respectively. Given the control over the Core
   Funds is shared between JD Property and the third-party investor(s), JD Property does not consolidate the Core
   Funds and investments in the Core Funds are accounted for using the equity method as JD Property obtained
   significant influence by the rights to nominate no more than half of the members of each investment committee.

   The closing conditions for each asset group of completed logistics facilities were considered met when each of
   the Core Funds signed definitive facility agreements with bank consortium to finance the purchase, respectively.
   As of each respective year-end, all or certain of logistics facilities under asset groups related to different core
   funds have been completed and satisfied hand-over condition. Therefore, the Group recorded disposal gain
   related to the Core Funds of RMB1,764 million, RMB1,527 million and RMB387 million for the years ended
   December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, which represent the excess of cash consideration of the net
   assets, including the consideration received and expected to receive, over the carrying value of the net assets
   disposed as of the disposal date.


   REIT
   In December 2022, the REIT jointly established by the Group and Harvest Fund Management Co., Ltd., became
   the first of its kind in the private sector in China that received formal approval from China’s Securities Regulatory
   Commission. On February 8, 2023, the REIT was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and raised proceeds for
   over RMB1.7 billion. The Group subscribed 34% of the units issued by the REIT amounted to RMB597 million
   and accounted for the investments in the REIT using the equity method as the Company obtained significant
   influence but no power to control the key activities determined in the general meeting of the REIT.


   In February 2023, the Group transferred certain logistics facilities to the REIT and recorded a disposal gain of
   RMB519 million, which represents the difference between cash consideration and the carrying value of the net
   assets for the asset groups disposed and concurrently leased back all these logistic facilities for operational
   purpose with an initial lease term of 5 to 6 years. Upon the disposal, the logistics facilities leased back from
   the REIT were accounted for under ASC 842 as operating lease, and the right-of-use assets and operating lease
   liabilities were recorded accordingly.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025         325
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      18. Others, Net
           Others, net consist of the following:


                                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                       2023             2024          2025
                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

                (Losses)/gains from fair value change of long-term investments          (855)           1,355           397
                Interest income                                                        9,576            9,353         9,056
                Gains from acquirements or disposals of businesses
                  and investments                                                         89              652            55
                Impairment of investments                                             (3,043)          (3,299)         (827)
                Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                     (28)            (111)          309
                Others                                                                 1,757            5,421         8,337

                Total                                                                  7,496           13,371       17,327



      19. Taxation
           a.      Value added tax (“VAT”)
                   The Group is subject to statutory VAT rate of 9% for revenues from sales of audio, video products and
                   books and statutory VAT rate of 13% for sales of other products in the Chinese mainland, started from
                   April 1, 2019. The Group is exempted from VAT for revenues from sales of books from January 1, 2014
                   to December 31, 2027, in compliance with relevant VAT regulations of the Chinese mainland. The Group
                   is subject to VAT at the rate of 6% for revenues from express delivery services, 9% for revenues from
                   transportation services, and 6% for revenues from online advertising and other services. The Group is also
                   subject to cultural undertaking development fees at the rate of 3% on revenues from online advertising
                   services in the Chinese mainland, which is exempted from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2021, and
                   reduced by 50% from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2027.


           b.      Income tax
                   Cayman Islands
                   Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in the
                   Cayman Islands are not subject to tax on income or capital gains. Additionally, the Cayman Islands does
                   not impose a withholding tax on payments of dividends to shareholders.




326   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Taxation (Continued)
   b.   Income tax (Continued)
        British Virgin Islands
        Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, entities incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not
        subject to tax on their income or capital gains.


        Hong Kong
        The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate on its
        taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million
        of assessable profits earned by its subsidiaries in Hong Kong can be elected to be taxed at half the current
        tax rate (i.e., 8.25%) while the remaining assessable profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5%
        tax rate. The Group performs analysis on the foreign-derived income, mainly including dividend and interest,
        accrued to its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, applies for Commissioner’s Opinion/Advance Ruling with the
        Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong on fulfillment of exception requirements under Foreign-Sourced
        Income Exemption (“FSIE”) regime and pays tax for the profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, if any.


        Chinese mainland
        Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”), the standard enterprise income tax rate for
        domestic enterprises and foreign invested enterprises is 25%. Most of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries and
        consolidated VIEs are subject to the statutory income tax rate of 25%.


        The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain High and New Technologies Enterprises, or
        HNTEs, to enjoy a reduced 15% enterprise income tax rate subject to these HNTEs meeting certain
        qualification criteria. In addition, the relevant EIT laws and regulations also provide that entities recognized
        as software enterprises (“Software Enterprises”) are able to enjoy a tax holiday consisting of a two-year-
        exemption commencing from their first profitable calendar year and a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate
        for the following three calendar years. Beijing Shangke has qualified as HNTE and enjoyed a preferential
        income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025. Beijing Wodong Tianjun has qualified as Software
        Enterprise and enjoyed a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate in 2023 and 2024, and has qualified as HNTE
        and enjoyed a preferential income tax rate of 15% in 2025.


        Certain enterprises will benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law if they are located in
        applicable PRC regions as specified in the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in Western Regions (initially
        effective through the end of 2010 and further extended to 2030), or the Western Regions Catalogue,
        subject to certain general restrictions described in the EIT Law and the related regulations. Chongqing
        Haijia and certain other entities of the Group have qualified as the enterprises within the Catalogue of
        Encouraged Industries in Western Regions and enjoyed 15% preferential income tax rate.


        According to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, enterprises engaging in research and
        development activities are entitled to claim 175% of their research and development expenses so incurred
        as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for that year (“Super Deduction”)
        from January 1, 2018 and such ratio is raised to 200% from October 1, 2022 and onwards.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         327
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19. Taxation (Continued)
           b.    Income tax (Continued)
                 Withholding tax on undistributed dividends
                 The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country or region but
                 whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for the PRC
                 tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its global income.
                 The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely define the location of the “de facto management body” as
                 “the place where the exercising, in substance, of the overall management and control of the production
                 and business operation, personnel, accounting, property, etc., of a non-PRC company is located.” Based
                 on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely that its
                 operations outside of the PRC should be considered as a resident enterprise for the PRC tax purposes.


                 The EIT Law also imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a Foreign
                 Investment Enterprise (“FIE”) to its immediate holding company outside of the Chinese mainland, if such
                 immediate holding company is considered as a non-resident enterprise without any establishment or place
                 within the Chinese mainland or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or
                 place of such immediate holding company within the Chinese mainland, unless such immediate holding
                 company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with the Chinese mainland that provides for a
                 different withholding arrangement. According to the arrangement between the Chinese mainland and
                 Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal
                 Evasion in August 2006, dividends paid by a FIE in the Chinese mainland to its immediate holding company
                 in Hong Kong will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of no more than 5% (if the FIE satisfies the criteria
                 for “beneficial owner” under Circular No. 9, which was issued by the STA in February 2018, and the
                 foreign investor owns directly at least 25% of the shares of the FIE).

                 Before 2022, the Company did not record any dividend withholding tax on the retained earnings of its FIEs
                 in the Chinese mainland, as the Company intended to reinvest all earnings in the Chinese mainland to
                 further expand its business in the Chinese mainland, and its FIEs did not intend to declare dividends on the
                 retained earnings to their immediate foreign holding companies.

                 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company accrued RMB2,421 million,
                 RMB2,362 million and RMB1,056 million withholding tax expenses associated with its earnings expected
                 to be distributed from its FIEs in the Chinese mainland to countries or regions other than the Chinese
                 mainland, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company has accrued withholding tax
                 liabilities associated with all of its earnings expected to be distributed from its FIEs in the Chinese mainland
                 to countries or regions other than the Chinese mainland, except for unrecognized deferred tax liabilities of
                 RMB2.8 billion and RMB2.8 billion related to the remaining undistributed earnings that the Company still
                 intends to indefinitely reinvest in the Chinese mainland, respectively.




328   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Taxation (Continued)
   b.   Income tax (Continued)
        Global Anti-base Erosion Rules
        In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (‌“OECD”) introduced
        the Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules, which set out global minimum tax rules designed to ensure
        that large multinational businesses with group annual revenue of EUR750 million or more pay a minimum
        effective rate of tax of 15% on profits in all their operating countries (referred to as “Pillar Two Rules”).
        Countries may also implement their own domestic minimum tax regimes. Global minimum tax rules
        have been enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group is subject to income taxes. To provide
        transitional relief for Pillar Two Rules tax compliance and administrative burden, the OECD has introduced
        a Framework for Transitional Country-by-Country Reporting Safe Harbor applicable for a Transition Period
        covering from the year ended December 31, 2025 to the year ending December 31, 2026.

        Certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates have implemented the Pillar Two Rules. The Company
        took measures to assess its exposure to Pillar Two minimum taxation and no material top-up taxes arose
        for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Group is continuing to assess the impact of the Pillar Two
        Rules on its future financial performance.

        The components of income/(loss) before tax are as follows:

                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                             2023            2024             2025
                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

          Income/(loss) before tax
            Income from Chinese mainland operations                        33,130           47,693          22,047
            (Loss)/income from non-Chinese mainland operations             (1,480)           3,845           3,276

          Total income before tax                                          31,650           51,538          25,323




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025        329
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19. Taxation (Continued)
           b.    Income tax (Continued)
                 For the year ended December 31, 2025, income tax expenses amounted to RMB1,901 million in Chinese
                 mainland, and income tax expenses amounted to RMB280 million in jurisdictions outside Chinese
                 mainland.

                 Income tax benefits/(expenses) consist of:


                                                                              For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                 2023               2024         2025
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                     Current income tax expenses                                (7,524)            (8,022)      (6,923)
                     Deferred tax (expenses)/benefits                             (869)             1,144        4,742

                     Total income tax expenses                                  (8,393)            (6,878)      (2,181)


                 Reconciliation of difference between the PRC statutory income tax rate and the Group’s effective income
                 tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 is as follows:


                                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                  2023           2024

                     Statutory income tax rate                                                   25.0%         25.0%
                     Tax effect of preferential tax rates and tax holiday                        (7.6)%        (4.2)%
                     Tax effect of tax-exempt entities                                             3.3%        (0.6)%
                     Effect on tax rates in different tax jurisdiction                           (0.9)%        (0.5)%
                     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                         0.1%          0.6%
                     Tax effect of non-taxable income                                            (0.5)%        (0.3)%
                     Tax effect of Super Deduction and others                                    (9.6)%        (4.0)%
                     Changes in valuation allowance                                                9.1%        (7.3)%
                     Effect on withholding income tax                                              7.6%          4.6%

                     Effective tax rates                                                         26.5%         13.3%




330   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Taxation (Continued)
   b.   Income tax (Continued)
        Upon adoption of ASU 2023-09, as described in Note 2, reconciliation of difference between the PRC
        statutory income tax rate and the Group’s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025
        is as follows:

                                                                                 For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025
                                                                                       Amount          Percent
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

          Chinese mainland statutory income tax                                           6,331          25.0%
          Other jurisdictions’ tax effects
            Hong Kong                                                                      (840)         (3.3)%
             Effect on tax rates in different tax jurisdictions                            (369)         (1.5)%
             Non-taxable or non-deductible items                                           (313)         (1.2)%
            Others                                                                         (158)         (0.6)%
            Cayman                                                                         (449)         (1.8)%
            Other jurisdictions                                                             762            3.0%
          Effect of changes in tax laws or rates enacted in the current period               —             0.0%
          Effect of cross-border tax laws
            Withholding tax on undistributed dividends                                    1,056            4.2%
            Others                                                                           (2)         (0.0)%
          Tax credits                                                                        —             0.0%
          Changes in valuation allowance                                                  1,348            5.3%
          Non-taxable or non-deductible items
            Share of results of equity investees                                         (1,735)         (6.9)%
            Others                                                                          791            3.2%
          Changes in unrecognized tax benefits                                               —             0.0%
          Preferential tax rates and tax holiday                                         (2,716)        (10.7)%
          Super Deduction                                                                (2,267)         (9.0)%
          Other adjustments                                                                 (98)         (0.4)%

          Effective tax rates                                                             2,181           8.6%


        For the year ended December 31, 2025, income taxes paid amounted to RMB8,340 million in Chinese
        mainland, and RMB357 million in jurisdictions outside Chinese mainland.

        The following table sets forth the effect of tax holiday:

                                                                          For the year ended December 31,
                                                                           2023             2024          2025

          Tax holiday effect (RMB in millions)                             2,397           2,152          2,716
          Effect of tax holiday on basic net income per
            share (RMB)                                                     0.76            0.72           0.95
          Effect of tax holiday on diluted net income per
            share (RMB)                                                     0.76            0.70           0.91




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025    331
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19. Taxation (Continued)
           c.    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                                      2024              2025
                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

                     Deferred tax assets
                       — Net operating loss carry forwards and others                               13,185            17,303
                       — Deferred revenues                                                             357               374
                       — Inventory valuation allowance                                               1,022             1,197
                       — Allowance for doubtful accounts                                             1,118             1,202
                       — Unrealized fair value losses for certain investments                           92                51
                     Less: valuation allowance                                                     (13,315)          (14,890)

                     Net deferred tax assets                                                         2,459             5,237

                     Deferred tax liabilities
                      — Long-lived assets arisen from business combinations and
                        asset acquisitions                                                           5,982             6,065
                      — Withholding tax on undistributed earnings                                    2,570             1,244
                      — Accelerated tax depreciation and others                                        946               710

                     Total deferred tax liabilities                                                  9,498             8,019


                 As of December 31, 2025, the accumulated net operating loss that can be carried forward to offset future
                 taxable income, mainly includes: (i) RMB8,221 million of the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in
                 Singapore and Hong Kong which can be carried forward indefinitely; and (ii) RMB56,257 million arose from
                 the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland and Indonesia,
                 which will expire during the period from 2026 to 2030 except for those arose from HNTEs, which will
                 expire during the period from 2026 to 2035.

                 A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when the Group determines that it is more
                 likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized in the future. In making such determination,
                 the Group evaluates a variety of factors including the Group’s entities’ operating history, accumulated
                 deficit, existence of taxable temporary differences and reversal periods.

                 Valuation allowances provided on the deferred tax assets mainly related to the net operating loss carry
                 forwards, as the Group’s management does not believe that sufficient positive evidence exists to conclude
                 that the benefits of such deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. The amount of valuation
                 allowance offset in deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 was RMB13,315 million and
                 RMB14,890 million, respectively.




332   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Taxation (Continued)
   c.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        The movements of valuation allowance of deferred tax assets are as follows:


                                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                                                         2023            2024          2025
                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

          Balance at beginning of the year                              14,276            17,057          13,315
            Additions                                                    6,630             1,680           9,568
            Reversals                                                   (3,849)           (5,422)         (7,993)

          Balance at end of the year                                    17,057            13,315          14,890


20. Changing in the Capital from Non-controlling Interest Shareholder
   JD Industrials
   In August 2020, January 2021 and March 2023, JD Industrials, the Group’s subsidiary which is the leading
   industrials supply chain technology and service provider in China, completed series A, series A-1 and series B
   preference share financing (“JD Industrials Series A, A-1 and B Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party
   investors. The total amount of financing arising from JD Industrials Series A, A-1 and B Preference Shares was
   approximately US$545 million. Among above, the total amount of financing arising from JD Industrials Series B
   Preference Shares was approximately US$210 million, with net proceeds received amounting to RMB431 million
   recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB1,031 million recorded as additional paid-in capital for the year
   ended December 31, 2023.


   In December 2025, JD Industrials’ initial public offering(“IPO”) was completed with net proceeds after
   deducting underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and offering expenses approximately amounted to
   RMB2,555 million, representing 7.86% of the issued share capital of JD Industrials. Upon the completion of
   JD Industrials IPO, JD Industrials’ Series A, A-1 and B Preference Share have been automatically converted into
   ordinary shares of JD Industrials


   Dada
   In April 2025, Dada entered into an agreement and plan of merger with the Group’s wholly owned subsidiaries
   (“Going Private” transaction). In June 2025, Dada completed the “Going Private” transaction. Upon the merger
   contemplated in that agreement completion, Dada becomes the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary held by
   JD Sunflower. At the completion of the merger, each ADS and ordinary share of Dada was cancelled and
   ceased to exist in exchange for the right to receive US$2.0 per ADS and US$0.5 per share from the Company,
   respectively, subject to adjustments as set out in the said agreement. As the Group controls Dada both before
   and after the transaction, the transaction was accounted for as a common control transaction with the net assets
   transferred recorded at its carrying amount, and no gain or loss was recognized in the consolidated statements
   of operations and comprehensive income. For the year ended December 31, 2025, RMB1,116 million was
   recorded as a reduction of non-controlling interests due to this transaction.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025       333
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      20. Changing in the Capital from Non-controlling Interest Shareholder (Continued)
           Purchase of the non-controlling interests in Kuayue Express
           In December 2024, JD Logistics entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Purchase”) with certain
           non-controlling interests shareholders of Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD. (“Kuayue Express”), a non-wholly
           owned subsidiary of JD Logistics in which JD Logistics held approximately 63.57% equity interest before the
           Purchase, to acquire the remaining approximately 36.43% equity interest in Kuayue Express upon satisfying
           certain closing conditions at the total consideration of not more than approximately RMB6,484 million subject to
           adjustments as set out in the said agreement.

           During the year of 2025, JD Logistics completed the first phase equity transfer and the second phase business
           registration of transferring in accordance with the agreement. Through the transfer, JD Logistics has completed
           an initial cash payment of RMB2,145 million out of the total consideration, while the remaining RMB4,339
           million remains payable as of December 31, 2025. Upon the expected cash payment of the second phase equity
           transfer in 2026, JD Logistics’ shareholding in Kuayue Express will be raised to 90%, with the residual equity to
           be acquired in the final phase pursuant to the agreement.

           For the year ended December 31, 2025, RMB1,728 million was recorded as a reduction of non-controlling
           interests due to this transaction.


      21. Ordinary Shares
           In 2022, the Company renewed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”)
           originated in 2019 for three years. As part of the total consideration, the Company agreed to issue a certain number
           of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares as the non-cash consideration of up to US$220 million at prevailing market
           prices at certain pre-determined dates to Tencent to exchange its traffic support services during the three-year
           period, of which 2,164,236, 3,761,270 and 4,119,434 of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares had been issued
           in July 2022, May 2023 and May 2024, respectively. In 2025, the Company renewed the strategic cooperation
           agreement with Tencent under updated commercial terms with cash consideration only.

      22. Dividends
           In March 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of US$0.31 per ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, for
           an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.0 billion.

           In March 2024, the Company declared an annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023 of
           US$0.38 per ordinary share, or US$0.76 per ADS, for an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.2 billion.

           In March 2025, the Company declared an annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024 of US$0.5
           per ordinary share, or US$1.0 per ADS, for an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.4 billion.




334   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




23. Share Repurchase Program
   In December 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved modifications to the share repurchase
   program authorized in 2020 (“2020 Share Repurchase Program”) pursuant to which the repurchase authorization
   increased from US$2.0 billion to US$3.0 billion and was extended until March 2024.

   In March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a share repurchase program (“2024 Share
   Repurchase Program”), effective upon the expiry of the company’s 2020 Share Repurchase Program, pursuant
   to which the Company may repurchase up to US$3.0 billion worth of its shares (including ADSs) over the next
   36 months through March 2027.

   In August 2024, the Company has fully utilized the repurchase amount authorized under 2024 Share Repurchase
   Program, and has adopted and announced a new share repurchase program (the “New 2024 Share Repurchase
   Program”). Pursuant to the New 2024 Share Repurchase Program effective from September 2024, the Company
   may repurchase up to US$5.0 billion worth of its shares (including ADSs) over the next 36 months through the
   end of August 2027.

   For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company repurchased 11,339,490 ADSs
   for US$356 million, 127,639,089 ADSs for US$3,645 million, and 91,619,731 ADSs for US$3,003 million,
   respectively, on the open market at prevailing market prices.

   The Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares at cost and includes such uncancelled treasury
   stock as a component of the shareholders’ equity.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025       335
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      24. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
           For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, other comprehensive income attributable to the Company’s
           ordinary shareholders were translation adjustments and hedge of net investments in foreign operations (net of
           tax) amounting to RMB1,862 million and RMB518 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2025,
           other comprehensive loss attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders were translation adjustments
           and hedge of net investments in foreign operations (net of tax) amounting to RMB2,596 million. Accumulated
           other comprehensive income were RMB903 million, RMB1,421 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
           respectively, and accumulated other comprehensive loss was RMB1,175 million as of December 31, 2025.


           The income tax effects related to the accumulated other comprehensive income were insignificant for all
           periods presented.


      25. Share-based Compensation
           The following table sets forth the allocation of share-based compensation expenses:


                                                                             For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                2023              2024           2025
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

             Cost of revenues                                                     133                80             87
             Fulfillment                                                          697              424             473
             Marketing                                                            426              273             313
             Research and development                                             859              599           1,144
             General and administrative                                         2,689             1,623          2,709

             Total                                                              4,804             2,999          4,726


           Share Incentive Plans
           In November 2023, the Board of Directors approved a share incentive plan (“2023 Plan”) which will expire
           in December 2033, as a renewal of the prior share incentive plan adopted in November 2014 (“2014 Plan”,
           collectively with the 2023 Plan, “Share Incentive Plans”). The Company granted share-based awards to eligible
           employees and non-employees pursuant to the Share Incentive Plans, which govern the terms of the awards.
           The RSUs and share options are mainly scheduled to be vested over four or six years.


           As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the Group had reserved 213,472,791 and 211,980,037 ordinary shares
           available to be granted as share-based awards under the Share Incentive Plans.


           Subsequent to June 2020, the employees’ status of JD Technology changed from non-employees of the
           Company to employees of the Company’s equity method investee. Share-based awards granted by the
           Company to employees of JD Technology and share-based awards granted by JD Technology to employees of
           the Company were insignificant for all periods presented.



336   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
   (1)   Share-based compensation of the Company
         RSUs
         A summary of activities of the service-based RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2025 is presented
         as follows:


                                                                                                    Weighted-
                                                                                                Average Grant-
                                                                                      Number of           Date
                                                                                         RSUs       Fair Value
                                                                                                               US$


           Unvested as of January 1, 2025                                             70,983,422              19.53

           Granted                                                                    31,551,310              18.27

           Vested                                                                    (21,301,372)             21.39

           Forfeited or cancelled                                                      (9,370,294)            19.21

           Unvested as of December 31, 2025                                           71,863,066              18.47


         As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, 1,865,542 and 1,957,950 outstanding service-based RSUs were
         held by non-employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively, mainly
         including employees of JD Technology.


         For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, total share-based compensation expenses
         recognized by the Group for the service-based RSUs granted were RMB1,840 million, RMB1,024 million
         and RMB2,442 million, respectively.


         As of December 31, 2025, there were RMB3,435 million of unrecognized share-based compensation
         expenses related to the service-based RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a
         weighted-average period of 3.2 years. The total fair value of service-based RSUs vested was RMB2,930 million,
         RMB1,909 million and RMB2,947 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
         The weighted average granted fair value of the RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
         and 2025 was US$18.24, US$15.33 and US$18.27 per RSU, respectively.


         In May 2025, Mr. Liu was granted 10,000,000 service-based RSUs under the Company’s Share Incentive
         Plans, subject to a 5-year vesting schedule. For the year ended December 31, 2025, total share-based
         compensation expense recognized for these RSUs was RMB367 million.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025        337
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
           (1)   Share-based compensation of the Company (Continued)
                 Share options
                 A summary of activities of the service-based share options for the years ended December 31, 2025 is
                 presented as follows:


                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                Average
                                                                              Weighted        Remaining
                                                          Number of            Average       Contractual     Aggregate
                                                       Share Options      Exercise Price           Term Intrinsic Value
                                                                                                                       US$
                                                                                    US$              Year       in millions

                     Outstanding as of
                      January 1, 2025                      17,645,740             16.53               0.5                14

                     Granted                                5,272,500             16.97
                     Exercised                                (352,086)           13.03
                     Forfeited or cancelled                         —                 —

                     Outstanding as of
                      December 31, 2025                    22,566,154             16.69               9.3                 1

                     Vested and expected to vest
                       as of December 31, 2025             22,484,404             16.70               9.3                 1
                     Exercisable as of
                       December 31, 2025                   17,293,654             16.61               9.3                 1


                 As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, 40,536 and 7,200 outstanding share options were held by
                 non‑employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively, mainly including
                 employees of JD Technology.


                 The total intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
                 2025 was RMB98 million, RMB2 million and RMB10 million, respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as
                 the difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the share options.




338   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
   (1)   Share-based compensation of the Company (Continued)
         Share options (Continued)
         For the year ended December 31, 2025, total share-based compensation expenses recognized for the
         share options granted over the vesting period were RMB1,004 million, which were insignificant for the
         years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. In 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company approved
         extending the exercise period for the unexercised options held by the grantees under the Share Incentive
         Plans, for another 10 years upon the expiration of the existing 10-year exercise periods (“Extension of
         Exercise Period”). The Extension of Exercise Period generated incremental share-based compensation
         expenses of RMB914 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, which was recognized in full on the
         date of the modification. As of December 31, 2025, there were RMB202 million of unrecognized share-
         based compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses are expected to be
         recognized over a weighted-average period of 4.3 years.


         In May 2015, Mr. Liu was granted an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of the
         Company with an exercise price of US$16.70 per share (or US$33.40 per ADS) under the Company’s Share
         Incentive Plans, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the awards vesting on each anniversary
         of the grant date. In May 2025, Mr. Liu was granted an option to acquire a total of 5,000,000 Class A
         ordinary shares of the Company with an exercise price of US$17.175 per share (or US$34.35 per ADS),
         subject to a 5-year vesting schedule with 20% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date.
         For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the total share-based compensation expenses
         recognized were RMB38 million, RMB21 million and RMB1,000 million, respectively.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        339
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
           (1)   Share-based compensation of the Company (Continued)
                 Share options (Continued)
                 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted for the year ended December 31, 2025 was
                 US$7.85 per share, estimated on the grant date or modification date using the Binomial option-pricing
                 model with the following assumptions:


                                                                                                                                                        2025

                        Expected volatility(i)                                                                                                  48%~49%
                        Exercise multiples(ii)                                                                                                        2.0
                        Expected dividend yield(iii)                                                                                                2.5%
                        Expected term (in years)(iv)                                                                                                 10.0
                        Risk-free interest rate(v)                                                                                          4.26%~4.61%
                        Fair value of the underlying shares on the date of option grants (US$ per share)                                     16.35~17.18

                 (i)       The volatility assumption was estimated based on historical volatility of the Company’s share price for the period of time close to
                           the expected time to exercise.


                 (ii)      The exercise multiple was estimated as the ratio of fair value of underlying shares over exercise price as at the time the option is
                           exercised, which comes from the historical exercise pattern of the Company.


                 (iii)     The dividend yield was estimated based on its expected dividend policy over the expected term of the options.


                 (iv)      Assumption of the expected term were based on the vesting and contractual terms.


                 (v)       Risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based upon the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at
                           the time of grant.




340   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
   Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
   (2)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries
         JD Logistics
         JD Logistics adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on March 31, 2018 and a Post- IPO share option
         scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on May 10, 2021, collectively the “JD Logistics Plan”.
         The JD Logistics Plan consists of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


         There was no share option granted from 2023 to 2025. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
         and 2025, total share-based compensation expenses for the share options granted under the JD Logistics
         Plan were RMB387 million, RMB143 million and RMB5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the
         unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted were insignificant.


         In October 2020, share options to acquire 99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with an exercise
         price of US$0.01 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Logistics Plan. The grant was
         awarded to Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Logistics. The grant by JD
         Logistics is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of
         the grant date.


         JD Logistics granted 55,937,435, 59,551,652 and 48,581,929 RSUs of JD Logistics to its employees and
         non-employees for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The estimated fair
         value of each RSU granted is based on market value of the JD Logistics’ shares on each date of grant. The
         weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
         2025 was equivalent to HK$12.93, HK$9.88 and HK$12.78 per share, respectively. For the years ended
         December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, total share-based compensation expenses for the RSUs granted
         under JD Logistics Plan were RMB406 million, RMB389 million and RMB385 million, respectively. As of
         December 31, 2025, there were RMB428 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses
         related to the RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
         of 2.7 years.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        341
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      25. Share-based Compensation (Continued)
           Share Incentive Plans (Continued)
           (2)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (Continued)
                 JD Health
                 JD Health approved and adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on September 14, 2020 and a Post‑IPO
                 share option scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on November 23, 2020, collectively the
                 “JD Health Plan”. The JD Health Plan consists of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


                 There was no share option granted from 2023 to 2025. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
                 2025, total share-based compensation expenses for the share options granted under the JD Health Plan
                 were RMB617 million, RMB141 million and RMB146 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there
                 were RMB80 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options
                 granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years.


                 In October 2020, share options to acquire 53,042,516 ordinary shares of JD Health with an exercise price
                 of US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Health Plan. The grant was
                 awarded to Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Health. The grant by
                 JD Health is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of
                 the grant date.


                 JD Health granted 6,051,558, 8,706,890 and 5,240,780 RSUs of JD Health to its employees and
                 non-employees for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The estimated fair
                 value of each RSU granted is based on market value of the JD Health’s shares on each date of grant. The
                 weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
                 2025 was equivalent to HK$52.87, HK$30.64 and HK$35.81 per share, respectively. For the years ended
                 December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, total share-based compensation expenses for the RSUs granted
                 under the JD Health Plan were RMB1,161 million, RMB1,002 million and RMB470 million, respectively. As
                 of December 31, 2025, there were RMB306 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses
                 related to the RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
                 of 2.0 years.


                 Other Subsidiaries
                 Other than those disclosed above, the share-based compensation expenses of other subsidiaries in
                 aggregate were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




342   JD.com, Inc.
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Net Income per Share/ADS
   Basic and diluted net income per share/ADS for each of the years presented are calculated as follows:


                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                                         2023             2024              2025
                                                              (RMB in millions, except share and per share data)

     Net income per share
     Numerator:
     Net income attributable to the Company’s ordinary
       shareholders — basic                                            24,167           41,359             19,631
     Impact of subsidiaries and equity method investees’
       dilutive earnings                                                   (30)           (118)              (533)
     Dilution impact of the Convertible Senior Notes                       —                68               112

     Net income attributable to the Company’s ordinary
      shareholders — diluted                                           24,137           41,309             19,210


     Denominator:
     Weighted average number of shares — basic
      (million shares)                                                  3,144            2,990              2,847
     Effects of dilutive securities:

       Dilutive share options and RSUs (million shares)                    27               33                41
       Convertible Senior Notes (million shares)                           —                53                90

     Weighted average number of shares — diluted
      (million shares)                                                  3,171            3,076              2,978


     Basic net income per share attributable to
       the Company’s ordinary shareholders (RMB)                         7.69            13.83               6.89
     Diluted net income per share attributable to
       the Company’s ordinary shareholders (RMB)                         7.61            13.43               6.45


     Net income per ADS
     Basic net income per ADS (RMB)                                     15.37            27.67              13.79
     Diluted net income per ADS (RMB)                                   15.23            26.86              12.90




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        343
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27. Related Party Transactions
           The table below sets forth the major related parties and their relationships with the Group as of December 31, 2025:


             Name of related parties                                                Relationship with the Group

             JD Technology                                                          An investee of the Group, and controlled
                                                                                      by the Founder
             Property Funds                                                         Investees of the Group


           (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with the major related parties:


                                                                                          For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023              2024             2025
                                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

                     Revenues:
                      Services provided and products sold to
                       JD Technology                                                        1,696             1,701            1,779
                       Services provided to Property Funds                                   177               208              210


                     Cost of revenues and operating expenses:
                       Payment processing and other services received
                        from JD Technology                                                13,833             13,693        15,511
                       Lease and property management services
                        received from Property Funds                                        1,681             1,765            1,843


                     Other income:
                      Interest income from loans provided to
                       JD Technology                                                         287                 —*              14
                      Interest income from loans provided to
                       Property Funds                                                          56               48               42


                 *      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.



                 Revenues from related parties, excluding those from the major related parties as stated above, were not
                 significant compared to total net revenues of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
                 2025. Transactions with related parties included in cost of revenues and operating expenses, excluding
                 those with the major related parties as stated above, were not significant compared to total cost of
                 revenues and operating expenses of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




344   JD.com, Inc.
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
   (b) The Group had the following balances with the major related parties:

                                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                                  2024                  2025
                                                                                                              (RMB in millions)

               Due from/(to) JD Technology
                 Loans provided to JD Technology(1)                                                                  —                   673
                 Other (payables to)/receivables from JD Technology                                             (1,170)                  456
               Due from Property Funds
                 Loans provided to Property Funds(1)                                                             2,457                   656
                 Other receivables from Property Funds                                                           1,837                   134

               Total                                                                                             3,124                 1,919


         (1)      In relation to the loans provided to JD Technology and Property Funds, the Group charged JD Technology and Property Funds
                  interests, and cash flows resulted from the loans were presented within investing activities in the consolidated statements of
                  cash flows.



         As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the amounts due from related parties other than the major related
         parties as stated above were not significant compared to the Group’s total accounts receivable, net and
         prepayments and other current assets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the amounts due to related
         parties other than the major related parties were not significant compared to the Group’s total accounts
         payable, advance from customers, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, deferred revenues and
         other non-current liabilities.


   (c)   Other information related to related party transactions:


         Based on a series of agreements signed on January 1, 2016, JD Technology performs the credit risk
         assessment and other related services in relation to consumer financing business and obtain the returns
         from such services, and JD Technology purchases the consumer financing receivables past due over
         certain agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values without recourse and also agrees to bear
         other cost in direct relation to the consumer financing business to absorb the risks. In connection with the
         agreements, the total amount of past-due consumer financing receivable related to the consumer financing
         business sold from the Group to JD Technology were RMB240 million, RMB176 million and RMB106
         million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025             345
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
           (c)   Other information related to related party transactions (Continued):


                 In addition, the Group transfers ownership for some of its accounts receivable originated from qualified
                 corporate customers to JD Technology without recourse. The accounts receivable transferred without
                 recourse were RMB55,028 million, RMB56,202 million and RMB72,032 million for the years ended
                 December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, and were derecognized.


                 Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the Group’s Chairman of the board since the Group’s inception and the
                 Chief Executive Officer since the Group’s inception to April 2022, has purchased his own aircraft for both
                 business and personal use. The use of the aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty is free of
                 charge to the Group, and the Group has agreed to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operations
                 of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such maintenance and incidental costs were insignificant
                 for all periods presented.


                 The terms of the agreements with the related parties are determined based on contracted prices
                 negotiated with other parties in normal commercial terms.




346   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28. Segment Reporting
   The Group derives the results of the segments directly from its internal management reporting system.
   The CODM measures the performance of each segment based on metrics of revenues and earnings from
   operations and uses these results to evaluate the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the
   segments. The Group currently does not allocate assets, share-based compensation expenses, impairment of
   goodwill and intangible assets and certain operating expenses to its segments, as the CODM does not use such
   information to allocate resources to or evaluate the performance of the operating segments. As most of the
   Group’s long‑lived assets are located in the PRC and most of the Group’s revenues are derived from the PRC,
   no geographical information is presented.


   As disclosed in Note 2(nn), from the first quarter of 2024, the Company started to report three reportable
   segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses, to reflect changes made to the reporting structure
   whose financial information is reviewed by the CODM under its ongoing operating strategies. The Company
   allocates to segment results the operating expenses “Fulfillment”, “Marketing”, “Research and development”
   and “General and administrative” based on usage, which is generally reflected in the segment in which the
   expenses are incurred. The CODM manages the business primarily by reviewing consolidated results by
   segment on a quarterly basis, and using those results along with forecasts and other non-financial information
   in the Company’s annual financing planning process. The prior periods’ segment operating results have been
   retrospectively recast in 2024 to conform to current period presentation.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       347
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      28. Segment Reporting (Continued)

                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                        2023               2024          2025
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

             Net revenues:
                JD Retail                                            945,343           1,015,948     1,126,399
                JD Logistics                                         166,625            182,837       217,146
                New Businesses                                        26,617              19,157        49,282
                Inter-segment eliminations(1)                         (53,923)           (59,123)      (83,742)

             Total consolidated net revenues                        1,084,662          1,158,819     1,309,085

             Less: cost of revenues:
                JD Retail                                            (798,380)          (847,917)    (928,261)
                JD Logistics                                         (154,494)          (164,689)    (198,039)
                New Businesses                                        (21,004)           (15,109)      (49,995)
                Inter-segment eliminations    (1)
                                                                      49,053              52,844        77,325
             Less: operating expenses : (2)


                JD Retail                                            (111,038)          (126,954)     (146,736)
                JD Logistics                                          (11,126)           (11,831)      (13,838)
                New Businesses                                         (7,102)            (7,413)      (46,315)
                Inter-segment eliminations    (1)
                                                                        4,870              6,279         6,417
             Income/(loss) from operations:
                JD Retail                                             35,925              41,077        51,402
                JD Logistics                                            1,005              6,317         5,269
                New Businesses                                           (329)            (2,865)      (46,641)
               Including:
                 Gain on sale of development properties (Note 17)       2,283              1,527          387
                 Impairment of long-lived assets                       (1,123)            (1,027)           —

             Total segment income from operations                     36,601              44,529        10,030
             Unallocated items   (3)
                                                                      (10,576)            (5,793)       (7,256)

             Total consolidated income from operations                26,025              38,736         2,774
             Share of results of equity investees                       1,010              2,327         8,025
             Interest expense                                          (2,881)            (2,896)       (2,803)
             Others, net                                                7,496             13,371        17,327

             Total consolidated income before tax                     31,650              51,538        25,323



348   JD.com, Inc.
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28. Segment Reporting (Continued)
   (1)   The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics
         to JD Retail and New Businesses and property leasing services provided by JD Property to JD Logistics. Transactions between
         segments are mainly determined based on the arm’s length basis. Among them, net revenues generated from the services provided
         by JD Logistics to other reportable segments were RMB50,063 million, RMB55,062 million and RMB80,314 million for the years ended
         December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Other than that, inter-segment net revenues for JD Retail and New Businesses were
         not material. All net revenues from each reportable segment were generated from external customers except for the inter-segment net
         revenues mentioned above.


   (2)   A summary of depreciation and amortization expenses for the years presented is as follows:


                                                                                            For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2023                 2024                  2025

                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)


           JD Retail                                                                         (594)                (978)               (1,655)

           JD Logistics                                                                    (4,346)              (4,650)               (5,102)

           New Businesses                                                                  (2,071)              (2,266)               (1,944)



   (3)   A summary of unallocated items for the years presented is as follows:


                                                                                            For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2023                 2024                  2025

                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)


           Share-based compensation                                                        (4,804)              (2,999)               (4,726)

           Amortization of intangible assets resulting
             from assets and business acquisitions                                         (1,281)              (1,010)               (1,046)

           Effects of business cooperation arrangements                                      (446)                (450)                (181)

           Impairment of goodwill                                                          (3,143)                (799)               (1,303)

           Impairment of intangible assets                                                   (902)                (535)                   —


           Total                                                                          (10,576)              (5,793)               (7,256)



29. Employee Benefit
   Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution plan,
   pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are
   provided to the employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs of the
   Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
   salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government. The Group has no legal obligation for the
   benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefit expenses recorded in
   cost of revenues and expenses, which were expensed as incurred, were approximately RMB12,659 million,
   RMB14,220 million and RMB18,200 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.



                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025             349
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      30. Debts and Lines of Credit
           As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s debts were classified into different types as follows:


                                                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                                                          2024                     2025
                                                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

                 Short-term debts                                                                                        7,581                     8,014
                   Short-term debts      (*)
                                                                                                                         3,902                     4,817
                   Long-term debts due within one year              (**)
                                                                                                                         3,679                     3,197
                 Long-term debts(**)                                                                                   31,705                    41,675

                 Total                                                                                                 39,286                    49,689


           (*)      As of December 31, 2025, all short-term debts were unsecured, and the weighted average interest rate for the outstanding short-term
                    debts was 1.7% per annum.


           (**)     As of December 31, 2025, the major long-term debts were listed as below.


                    In December 2023, the Group entered into a RMB8,500 million term loan agreement with interest rate at 65 basis points below Loan
                    Prime Rate (“LPR”) to refinance the loan and drew down RMB8,286 million, which was expected to be repaid through December 2028
                    in installments. As of December 31, 2025, the Group had RMB7,966 million long-term borrowings, among which RMB249 million was
                    repayable within one year.


                    In December 2021, the Group entered into a five-year US$2,000 million unsecured term and revolving loan facility with 5 lead arrangers.
                    The term and revolving loans under this facility were priced at 85 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate, which was amended to
                    the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) in September 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, the Group drew down US$1,000 million
                    under the facility commitment, which will be due in 2027 and was further extended to 2030 in January 2025. As of December 31,
                    2025, the Group had RMB7,029 million long-term borrowings and the undrawn balance was US$1,000 million under the credit facilities
                    agreement. Subsequently in March 2026, all outstanding balances of the borrowings was early repaid in full.


                    In December 2022, the Group entered into a seven-year RMB3,000 million term loan facility agreement. The term loans under this facility
                    were priced at 145 basis points below LPR. The Group drew down RMB2,000 million and RMB1,000 million under the facility commitment
                    in December 2022 and December 2023, respectively. In 2025, the Group repaid borrowings of RMB180 million. As of December 31, 2025,
                    the Group had RMB2,760 million long-term borrowings, among which RMB180 million was repayable within one year.


                    In 2025, the Group was granted approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission of issuing public offering corporate bonds to
                    professional investors with an aggregate registered principal amount of up to RMB10,000 million. During the year ended December 31,
                    2025, RMB6,000 million was issued in three tranches under the program, with coupon rates ranging from 1.55% to 1.87% per annum
                    and tenors ranging from 1 to 5 years. As of December 31,2025, the Group had RMB2,000 million short-term debts and RMB4,000 million
                    long-term debts, respectively.


                    As of December 31, 2025, in addition to the above unsecured long-term debts, RMB19,933 million debts were recorded in long-term
                    debts, including the portion due within one year, with collateral of RMB38,138 million which mainly comprised construction in progress,
                    buildings, land use rights and certain subsidiary’s equity interests measured at fair value.




350   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30. Debts and Lines of Credit (Continued)
   As of December 31, 2025, the long-term debts, including the portion due within one year which were recorded in
   “short-term debts”, will be repaid according to the following schedule:


                                                                                                       As of
                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

     2026                                                                                                 3,197
     2027                                                                                                 1,302
     2028                                                                                               13,111
     2029                                                                                                 2,320
     2030                                                                                                 9,667
     2031 and thereafter                                                                                15,275

                                                                                                        44,872


   As of December 31, 2025, the Group had agreements with reputable commercial banks for unsecured revolving
   lines of credit, and increased its revolving lines of credit to RMB303,950 million, which can be used for
   borrowings, bank acceptance, bank guarantee, etc., pursuant to the underlying agreements. The Group was
   in compliance with the financial covenants, if any, under those lines of credit as of December 31, 2025. As of
   December 31, 2025, under the lines of credit, the Group mainly had RMB243,097 million unused.


31. Commitments and Contingencies
   Capital commitments
   The Group’s capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction and purchase of office
   buildings and warehouses. Total capital commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated
   financial statements amounted to RMB2,682 million as of December 31, 2025. All of these capital commitments
   will be fulfilled in the following years according to the construction progress.

   Investment commitments
   The Group’s investment commitments primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain fund
   investments. Total investment commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial
   statements amounted to RMB1,510 million as of December 31, 2025.


   Long-term debt obligations
   The Group’s long-term debt obligations include unsecured senior notes and long-term debts. The amounts
   exclude the corresponding interest payable. The expected repayment schedule of the unsecured senior notes
   and long-term debts have been disclosed in Note 15 and Note 30, respectively.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       351
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      31. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)
           Legal proceedings
           From time to time, the Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Third
           parties assert patent infringement claims against the Group from time to time in the form of letters, lawsuits and
           other forms of communication. In addition, from time to time, the Group receives notification from customers
           claiming that they are entitled to indemnification or other obligations from the Group related to infringement
           claims made against them by third parties. Litigation, even if the Group is ultimately successful, can be costly
           and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of the Group. The Group records a
           liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
           estimated. The Group reviews the need for any such liability on a regular basis. The Group has not recorded any
           material liabilities in this regard as of December 31, 2025.

      32. Restricted Net Assets
           The Company’s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of
           funds from its subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the
           Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs incorporated in the PRC only out of their retained earnings, if
           any, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations
           reflected in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the
           statutory financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries.

           In accordance with the PRC Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment, a foreign invested enterprise
           established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserve funds, namely general reserve fund, the
           enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profits as reported
           in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A foreign invested enterprise is required to allocate at
           least 10% of its annual after-tax profits to the general reserve fund until such reserve fund has reached 50%
           of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. Appropriations to the
           enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of directors for all
           foreign invested enterprises. The aforementioned reserved funds can only be used for specific purposes and are
           not distributable as cash dividends.

           Additionally, in accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide
           statutory surplus fund at least 10% of its annual after-tax profits until such statutory surplus fund has reached
           50% of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A domestic enterprise
           is also required to provide discretionary surplus fund, at the discretion of the board of directors, from the net
           profits reported in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. The aforementioned reserve funds can
           only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends.

           As a result of these PRC laws and regulations that require annual appropriations of 10% of net after-tax profits
           to be set aside prior to payment of dividends as general reserve fund or statutory surplus fund, the Company’s
           PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to
           the Company.

           Amounts restricted include paid-in capital, additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, totaling
           approximately RMB78,159 million, or 35% of the Company’s total consolidated net assets, as of December 31,
           2025. Except for the above, there is no other restriction on the use of proceeds generated by the Company’s
           subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs to satisfy any obligations of the Company.



352   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




33. Subsequent Events
   Acquisition of CECONOMY AG
   On September 1, 2025, the Group, through its wholly-owned indirect subsidiary JINGDONG Holding Germany
   GmbH, published the Offer Document for its voluntary public takeover offer to all shareholders of CECONOMY
   AG (“CECONOMY”) (XETRA: CEC), the parent company of leading European consumer electronics retailers
   MediaMarkt and Saturn, to acquire all issued and outstanding bearer shares in CECONOMY (“CECONOMY
   shares”) for a cash consideration of EUR 4.60 per share. The Group has successfully secured 59.8% of
   CECONOMY shares after the end of the additional acceptance period for a consideration of EUR1,335 million.
   This results in a total shareholding of 85.2% in CECONOMY in combination with the retained stake of the
   Group’s future partner Convergenta Invest GmbH and related shareholders.

   As of the reporting date, the closing of the transaction remains subject to customary regulatory clearances.
   Upon the closing of the transaction, the Group expects to consolidate the financial results of CECONOMY into
   its consolidated financial statements.

   Voluntary Delisting of Deppon
   On January 13, 2026, Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Deppon”) (stock code: 603056), a consolidated subsidiary
   of JD Logistics, announced a voluntary delisting from the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In conjunction with
   the delisting, JD Logistics provided a cash option to Deppon’s minority shareholders, at a price of RMB
   19.0 per share and a total consideration of RMB3.8 billion (US$0.5 billion). The Boards of Deppon and JD
   Logistics have approved the transaction on January 13, 2026 and the shareholders of Deppon have approved
   the transaction on January 29, 2026. On February 13, 2026, a total of 197,259,820 Deppon shares which
   represent 19.5% of the total Deppon shares have submitted valid applications for the cash option. Upon the
   completion of the cash option in February 2026, the Group held approximately 99.7% of the total Deppon
   shares. The delisting of Deppon was approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in March 2026. The Deppon
   shares were delisted from the Shanghai Stock Exchange on March 31, 2026.

   Dividends
   In March 2026, the Company declared an annual cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 of
   US$0.50 per ordinary share, or US$1.00 per ADS, for an aggregate amount of approximately US$1.4 billion
   based on the number of shares on record date.

   Offering of unsecured senior notes
   On April 10, 2026, the Company completed its offering of RMB7,500 million 2.05% notes due 2031 and
   RMB2,500 million 2.75% notes due 2036 in reliance on Regulation S under the United States Securities Act
   of 1933, as amended. The proceeds have been received in full and was partially used to repay certain existing
   borrowings and related interest.

34. Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information
   The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of the consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in
   accordance with Rule 5-04 (c) of Regulation S-X, and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to
   disclose the financial information for the parent company only.

   As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not have significant capital commitments and other significant
   commitments, or guarantees, except for those which have been separately disclosed in the consolidated
   financial statements.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025       353
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      34. Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)
           Condensed Balance Sheets
                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024               2025
                                                                                      RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                                                                   Note 2(g)
                                                                              (in millions, except share and per share data)

               ASSETS
                Cash and cash equivalents                                              646            5,707             816
                Short-term investments                                               5,191               —               —
                Internal balance                                                    35,639            2,613             373
                Investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs                  230,090          248,355          35,514
                Prepayments and other assets                                            65               76              11

               Total assets                                                        271,631          256,751          36,714

               LIABILITIES
                 Unsecured senior notes                                             24,898           24,434           3,494
                 Long-term debts                                                     7,188            7,029           1,005
                 Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                198              248              35
               Total liabilities                                                    32,284           31,711           4,534

               SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                 Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
                  100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
                  2,865,069,999 Class A ordinary shares issued
                  and 2,587,296,615 outstanding, 322,483,772
                  Class B ordinary shares issued and 316,136,640
                  outstanding as of December 31, 2024;
                  2,496,519,005 Class A ordinary shares issued
                  and 2,426,347,757 outstanding, 321,776,028
                  Class B ordinary shares issued and 315,499,494
                  outstanding as of December 31, 2025.)                                 —*               —*              —*
                 Additional paid-in capital                                        182,404          141,515          20,236
                 Statutory reserves                                                  6,688            7,617           1,089
                 Treasury stock                                                    (27,739)          (7,874)         (1,126)
                 Retained earnings                                                  76,573           84,957          12,149
                 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)                       1,421           (1,175)           (168)
               Total shareholders’ equity                                          239,347          225,040          32,180
               Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                          271,631          256,751          36,714


           *      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




354   JD.com, Inc.
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




34. Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)
   Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income

                                                                                For the year ended December 31,
                                                                       2023              2024                 2025
                                                                       RMB               RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                                     Note 2(g)
                                                                                         (in millions)

       Net revenues                                                       —                 11              26              4

       Operating expenses
         Marketing                                                        (4)               (5)              (6)            (1)
         General and administrative                                     (204)             (155)          (1,546)         (221)

       Loss from operations                                             (208)             (149)          (1,526)         (218)

       Other income/(expense)
         Income from subsidiaries
          and consolidated VIEs                                       24,967            41,991           21,983         3,143
         Other expense, net                                             (591)             (483)            (826)         (118)

       Income before tax                                              24,168            41,359           19,631         2,807
         Income tax expenses                                              (1)               —*               —*             —*

       Net income                                                     24,167            41,359           19,631         2,807
         Other comprehensive income/(loss):
          Foreign currency translation
          adjustments                                                  1,862               518           (2,596)         (371)

       Total comprehensive income                                     26,029            41,877           17,035         2,436


   *      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million or US$1 million.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     355
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      34. Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)
           Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2023           2024                  2025
                                                          RMB            RMB               RMB             US$
                                                                                                      Note 2(g)
                                                                         (in millions)

             Net cash used in operating
              activities                                   (765)          (717)            (982)          (140)

             Cash flows from investing activities:
             Purchase of time deposits and wealth
               management products                       (2,833)        (4,979)               —              —
             Maturity of time deposits and wealth
              management products                            —          2,838             5,023            718
             Cash received from internal companies       12,633        18,773            32,872          4,700
             Net cash provided by investing activities    9,800        16,632            37,895          5,418

             Cash flows from financing
               activities:
             Repurchase of ordinary shares               (2,497)       (25,912)          (21,430)        (3,064)
             Cash paid for dividends                     (6,741)        (8,263)          (10,379)        (1,484)
             Proceeds from unsecured senior notes,
               net of issuance costs                         —         13,999                 —              —
             Other financing activities                     33              27               33               5
             Net cash used in
              financing activities                       (9,205)       (20,149)          (31,776)        (4,543)

             Effect of exchange rate changes on
               cash and cash equivalents                    (71)            92               (76)           (11)
             Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
              cash equivalents                             (241)        (4,142)           5,061            724
             Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
               of year                                    5,029         4,788               646             92
             Cash and cash equivalents at end of year     4,788           646             5,707            816




356   JD.com, Inc.
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




34. Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Information (Continued)
   Basis of presentation
   The Company’s accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies with the exception of
   the accounting for the investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs.

   For the parent company only condensed financial information, the Company records its investments in
   subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323. Such
   investments are presented in the condensed balance sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and consolidated
   VIEs” and shares in the subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs’ financial results are presented as “Income from
   subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs” in the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive income.
   The parent company only condensed financial information should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
   consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       357
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards
           The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
           respects from IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRSs”). The effects of material differences between the
           consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:

                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                IFRSs adjustments
                                                         Amounts         Financial
                                                       as reported   instruments     Investments                      Impairment                                  Investment    Amounts
                                                        under U.S.   with special    measured at         Lease            of long- Convertible     Share-based          in JD     under
                                                            GAAP         features       fair value   accounting      lived assets senior notes    compensation    Technology      IFRSs
                                                                            Note i         Note ii      Note iii          Note iv       Note v        Note vi        Note vii
                                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

             Fulfillment                                  (70,426)             —               —          1,288               59            —               —             —      (69,079)
             Marketing                                    (47,953)             —               —              3               —             —               —             —      (47,950)
             Research and development                     (17,031)             —               —              7               —             —               —             —      (17,024)
             General and administrative                    (8,888)             —               —              8               —             —               —             —        (8,880)
             Impairment of long-lived assets               (1,562)             —               —             —            (1,634)           —               —             —        (3,196)
             Gain on sale of development properties         1,527              —               —           (133)              —             —               —             —         1,394
             Income from operations                        38,736              —               —          1,173           (1,575)           —               —             —       38,334
             Share of results of equity investees           2,327              —               68            —                —             —               —            614        3,009
             Interest expense                              (2,896)             (5)             —           (993)              —           (700)             —             —        (4,594)
             Others, net                                   13,371              —             (516)          (90)              —           (508)             —             —       12,257
             Fair value changes of financial
               instruments with special features               —             (382)             —             —                —             —               —             —         (382)
             Income before tax                             51,538            (387)           (448)           90           (1,575)       (1,208)            —             614     48,624
             Income tax expenses                           (6,878)             —              247            —                —             —              46             —      (6,585)
             Net income                                    44,660            (387)           (201)           90           (1,575)       (1,208)            46            614     42,039
             Net income attributable to
              non-controlling interests shareholders        3,301             (94)             21           (83)           (394)            —              (53)           —        2,698
             Net income attributable to the
              Company’s ordinary shareholders              41,359            (293)           (222)          173           (1,181)       (1,208)            99            614     39,341




358   JD.com, Inc.
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                IFRSs adjustments
                                                          Amounts      Financial
                                                        as reported instruments Investments                  Impairment                             Investment      Amounts
                                                         under U.S. with special measured at           Lease     of long- Convertible Share-based         in JD       under
                                                              GAAP      features   fair value     accounting lived assets senior notes compensation Technology        IFRSs
                                                                         Note i        Note ii       Note iii         Note iv       Note v    Note vi    Note vii
                                                                                                                (RMB in millions)

    Fulfillment                                            (88,176)          —             —           1,476              95            —       —             —      (86,605)
    Marketing                                              (83,953)          —             —               4               —            —       —             —      (83,949)
    Research and development                               (22,229)          —             —               9               —            —       —             —      (22,220)
    General and administrative                             (11,980)          —             —              10               —            —       —             —      (11,970)
    Impairment of long-lived assets                             —            —             —              —            (1,106)          —       —             —       (1,106)
    Gain on sale of development properties                    387            —             —            (207)              —            —       —             —         180
    Income from operations                                   2,774           —             —           1,292           (1,011)          —       —             —        3,055
    Share of results of equity investees                     8,025           —             58             —                —            —       —         (2,492)      5,591
    Interest expense                                        (2,803)         (17)           —          (1,090)              —        (1,268)     —             —       (5,178)
    Others, net                                             17,327           —            (37)           (31)              —         2,104      —             —       19,363
    Fair value changes of financial instruments with
      special features                                          —         1,360            —              —                —            —       —             —        1,360

    Income before tax                                       25,323        1,343            21            171           (1,011)        836       —         (2,492)     24,191
    Income tax expenses                                     (2,181)          —            (69)            —                —            —     191             —       (2,059)

    Net income                                              23,142        1,343           (48)           171           (1,011)        836     191         (2,492)     22,132
    Net income attributable to non-controlling
     interests shareholders                                  3,511         (555)          (43)           (42)            (253)          —      47             —        2,665

    Net income attributable to
     the Company’s ordinary shareholders                    19,631        1,898             (5)          213             (758)        836     144         (2,492)     19,467




                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025                359
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
                                                                                                                As of December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                      IFRSs adjustments
                                                             Amounts       Financial
                                                           as reported instruments      Investments                 Impairment        Convertible                    Investment     Amounts
                                                            under U.S. with special     measured at         Lease of long-lived           senior      Share-based          in JD      under
                                                                GAAP       features        fair value   accounting      assets             notes     compensation    Technology       IFRSs
                                                                              Note i          Note ii      Note iii    Note iv            Note v          Note vi        Note vii
                                                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

             Property, equipment and software, net             82,737             —               —             —           (2,172)            —               —              —      80,565
             Land use rights, net                              36,833             —               —             —           (1,175)            —               —              —      35,658
             Operating lease right-of-use assets               24,532             —               —         (1,448)             —              —               —              —      23,084
             Investments in equity investees                   56,850             —          (29,772)           —               —              —               —           1,340     28,418
             Marketable securities and other investments       59,370             —           (2,907)           —               —              —               —              —      56,463
             Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                              —              —          33,977             —               —              —               —              —      33,977
             Financial assets at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                  —              —              237            —               —              —               —              —         237
             Deferred tax assets                                2,459             —              185            —               —              —             (595)            —       2,049

             Total assets                                     698,234             —            1,720        (1,448)         (3,347)            —             (595)         1,340    695,904
             Accrued expenses and other liabilities            47,322           424               —             —               —              —               —              —      47,746
             Unsecured senior notes                            24,770             —               —             —               —          (3,230)             —              —      21,540
             Financial liability at fair value
               through profit or loss                              —         18,658               —             —               —          4,447               —              —      23,105
             Deferred tax liabilities                           9,498             —              554            —               —              —               —              —      10,052

             Total liabilities                                384,937        19,082              554            —               —          1,217               —              —     405,790
             Mezzanine Equity                                     484          (484)              —             —               —              —               —              —          —
             Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity          239,347         (8,395)          1,155        (1,287)         (2,509)        (1,217)           (474)        1,340     227,960
             Non-controlling interests                         73,466       (10,203)              11         (161)            (838)            —             (121)            —      62,154

             Total shareholders’ equity                       312,813       (18,598)           1,166        (1,448)         (3,347)        (1,217)           (595)        1,340     290,114




360   JD.com, Inc.
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
                                                                                                            As of December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                 IFRSs adjustments
                                                         Amounts      Financial
                                                       as reported instruments     Investments                 Impairment                                      Investment     Amounts
                                                        under U.S. with special    measured at          Lease of long-lived       Convertible      Share-based       in JD      under
                                                             GAAP      features       fair value   accounting       assets       senior notes    compensation Technology        IFRSs
                                                                         Note i          Note ii      Note iii        Note iv         Note v          Note vi      Note vii
                                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

         Property, equipment and software, net             91,349            —               —             —           (2,615)             —               —            —       88,734
         Land use rights, net                              36,878            —               —             —           (1,743)             —               —            —       35,135
         Operating lease right-of-use assets               31,128            —               —         (1,277)             —               —               —            —       29,851
         Investments in equity investees                   51,978            —          (27,214)           —               —               —               —         5,766      30,530
         Marketable securities and other investments       51,840            —           (1,494)           —               —               —               —            —       50,346
         Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                              —             —           30,094            —               —               —               —            —       30,094
         Financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive income                  —             —              260            —               —               —               —            —         260
         Deferred tax assets                                5,237            —              137            —               —               —             (414)          —        4,960

         Total assets                                     695,201            —            1,783        (1,277)         (4,358)             —             (414)       5,766     696,701
         Accrued expenses and other liabilities            51,191         4,116              —             —               —               —               —            —       55,307
         Unsecured senior notes                            24,309            —               —             —               —           (1,892)             —            —       22,417
         Financial liability at fair value
           through profit or loss                              —         11,058              —             —               —           2,277               —            —       13,335
         Deferred tax liabilities                           8,019            —              576            —               —               —               —            —        8,595

         Total liabilities                                401,418        15,174             576            —               —             385               —            —      417,553
         Mezzanine Equity                                      —             —               —             —               —               —               —            —           —

         Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity          225,040        (5,465)          1,199        (1,074)         (3,267)          (385)            (331)       5,766     221,483
         Non-controlling interests                         68,743        (9,709)              8          (203)         (1,091)             —              (83)          —       57,665

         Total shareholders’ equity                       293,783       (15,174)          1,207        (1,277)         (4,358)          (385)            (414)       5,766     279,148


   Notes


   (i)          Financial instruments with special features


                Under U.S. GAAP, certain financial instruments issued by subsidiaries of the Group in the form of shares with special features,
                including preferred shares and redeemable non-controlling interests, are accounted for as mezzanine equity or non-controlling
                interests depending on whether a redeemable feature exists, and whether the redemption is solely within the Group’s control.


                Under IFRSs, since the Group does not have an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash upon the exercise of special features, the
                relevant financial instruments are classified as financial liabilities. Specifically, the redemption rights over non-controlling interests
                have been recognized as financial liabilities at present value of the redemption amount, while the preferred shares with certain
                special rights were entirely designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 361
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
           Notes (continued)


           (ii)    Investments measured at fair value

                   Under U.S. GAAP, the Group uses measurement alternative to record the investments without readily determinable fair values at cost,
                   less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes on a nonrecurring basis, and reports changes in the carrying value
                   of the equity investments in profit or loss. Changes in the carrying value of the equity investments are required to be made whenever
                   there are observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Those investments
                   include convertible redeemable preferred shares, ordinary shares with preferential rights issued by privately held companies and equity
                   investments in unlisted entities, in the form of ordinary shares without significant influence. In addition, the Group accounts for certain
                   investments in private equity funds over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence under the existing
                   practical expedient, and estimates fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) of the investment. The Group also applies
                   the equity method of accounting to account for certain equity investments in private equity funds.


                   Under IFRSs, the aforementioned investments are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and measured at fair
                   value, except for certain equity investments not held for trading but held for long-term strategic purposes, which are designated as
                   financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Fair value changes of these investments are recognized in profit or
                   loss or other comprehensive income, respectively.

           (iii)   Lease accounting

                   Lease classification and measurement

                   Under U.S. GAAP, the amortization of the right-of-use assets and interest expense related to the lease liabilities are recorded
                   together as lease expense to produce a straight-line recognition effect in profit or loss.


                   Under IFRSs, the amortization of the right-of-use assets is on a straight-line basis while the interest expense related to the lease
                   liabilities are measured at amortized cost.

                   Sale-and-leaseback arrangements

                   Under U.S. GAAP, if the sale-and-leaseback transaction qualifies as a sale, the entire gain on the transaction would be recognized.


                   Under IFRSs, for sale-and-leaseback transactions that qualify as a sale, the gain would be limited to the amount related to the
                   residual portion of the asset sold. The amount of the gain related to the underlying asset leased back to the lessee would be offset
                   against the lessee’s right-of-use assets.




362   JD.com, Inc.
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
   Notes (continued)


   (iv)   Impairment of long-lived assets

          Under U.S. GAAP, the Group takes a two-step approach to calculate an asset or asset group impairment by comparing the asset or
          asset group’s carrying amount with the sum of future undiscounted cash flows as a test of recoverability, and record the amount by
          which the carrying value exceeds the fair value as impairment loss when the carrying amount is not recoverable.


          Under IFRSs, the Group takes a one-step approach to calculate an asset or cash generating unit impairment by recording the amount
          by which the carrying value exceeds the recoverable amount as an impairment loss when impairment indicators exist.

   (v)    Convertible senior notes


          Under U.S. GAAP, Convertible Senior Notes are accounted for as debt in their entirety and are measured at amortized cost, with debt
          issuance cost amortized and recognized as interest expenses using the effective interest method.


          Under IFRSs, the Convertible Senior Notes are hybrid instruments, each of which consists of a host debt contract and embedded
          derivatives. The conversion feature is not accounted for as equity as it will not be settled by delivering a fixed number of the Group’s
          own equity instruments and receiving a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset and is recognized as a separate derivative
          liability measured at fair value through profit or loss as it meets the separation conditions under IFRS 9. The embedded repurchase
          and redemption options of Convertible Senior Notes are closely related to the host debt contracts and therefore not accounted for
          as derivatives separately. The host debt contract is initially measured as the difference between the fair value of the entire hybrid
          instruments and the fair value of the conversion feature. Subsequent to the initial recognition, the host debt contracts are accounted
          for at amortized cost with interest expenses recognized using the effective interest method, and the changes in fair value of the
          conversion feature are recognized in profit or loss.


   (vi)   Share-based compensation


          Under U.S. GAAP, for awards that ordinarily give rise to a tax deduction under existing tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the
          basis of the compensation expense that is recognized for financial reporting purposes. In addition, tax benefits in excess of or less
          than the related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the amount of the deduction is determined
          (typically when an award vests or, in the case of options, is exercised or expires).


          Under IFRSs, for awards that will give rise to a tax deduction under the applicable tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the basis
          of the hypothetical tax deduction for the share-based payment that corresponds to the percentage earned to date (i.e., the intrinsic
          value of the award on the reporting date multiplied by the percentage vested). In addition, tax benefits less than or equal to the
          related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss, otherwise are recognized in equity.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025              363
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
           Notes (continued)


           (vii)   Investment in JD Technology


                   Under U.S. GAAP, for the modification of redemption terms and the subsequent redemptions/new shares issuance carried out by
                   JD Technology, the Group’s indirectly acquired or disposed equity interests was accomplished through a transaction under common
                   control. Accordingly, the Group recognizes its investment in JD Technology based on its proportionate share of JD Technology’s net
                   assets and records the difference between the proceeds transferred or received and the carrying amounts of its investment in JD
                   Technology in additional paid-in capital.


                   Under IFRSs, the indirect acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology is accounted for in the same way as a purchase of
                   additional interests in the investee. The carrying value of the Group’s investment in JD Technology does not change before and after
                   the transaction. The gain or loss arising as a result of an indirect disposal of equity interests in JD Technology is recognized in profit
                   or loss.


                   In addition, under U.S. GAAP, JD Technology has remeasured the fair value of relevant shareholders’ investments due to the
                   modification of redemption terms and recognized the changes of fair value in profit and loss, which has further affected the Group’s
                   results of equity investees using equity-method. Under IFRSs, JD Technology has recognized the remeasurement loss of the
                   redeemable liabilities for early redemption, and the interests accrued till liabilities redeemed. It also further affected the Group’s
                   results of equity investees.




364   JD.com, Inc.
